You do not expect much of a PRC photo, with rare exceptions - especially in Edgar G. Ulmer and a few by Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" on the Nazi in Africa is trying to inspire an Arab revolt against the British is not much different. The scripts, between antique PRC narrow Arthur St Claire and Sherman Lowe, are trite, ridiculous, full of unfunny "wisecracks" and draw traces the size of the Outer Mongolia. The director, long-standing PRC has no-budget specialist Al Herman, is the semi-komati at best. Their performance, though - except for spectacularly incompetent and unjustly lead guards Walter Woolf King - are not really half bad. Veteran Actress Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a guy from Brooklyn masked as a razor-blade seller and shines up the screen considerably when it shows up. It has great distribution of comics, charms and spare parts and seems to have a heck at a good time. Duncan Renaldo is fairly convinced as an Arab Sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and veteran bad George J. Lewis as his renowned Arab Renaldo rival his usual job of villainy, though he goes a bit on the head sometimes. Joan Woodbury is quite nice and has a nice light touch, and he and Renaldo have great chemistry together, although - like the rest of the cast - it's no one at all. H.B. Warner, whose career stretched back to the silent era, borrowed slightly from the dignity of the lease procedures, though he blinked his line several times, and PRC were PRC, were not cut out. There is a great deal of stock stocks to complement in from a big-budget film silently with a similar Arabic term - although I have no idea who it is - and, PRC have been PRC, no effort has been made to try to make it evident: I rarely saw stock stock that was so blatant obvious. <br /> <br /> "A yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, OK, it feels - but it should be worth a look just to see Parkyakarkus in his prime. I heard about him, he knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but never actually saw him in anything before. It was worth looking at this tenth percent PRC "extravaganza" just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget it.
