Recently I saw Broadway's revival of "Blithe Spirit" starring Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole, and Jayne Atkinson. It's a terrific production, and it shows what good actors can do with a game smaller than perfect. Angela Lansbury is very funny as Madame Arcati. It was probably a mistake, then to check out the movie version of the play starring Rex Harrison. The film does not have the energy or laughter in a good production stage. <br /> <br /> "Blithe Spirit" is probably the one who plays that works best with a live cast, in a full audience who has come laughing. The actors can improve, provide handling and performance nuances and line delivery, and involve the audience at a personal level that you can not find in a movie home, or with a DVD show that the audience separates from the story by " the Fourth Wall ". The story: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a home in the English country. Looking for information for her next book, a supernatural book, Charles invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, reproducing her role in the original London 1941 production), a local spiritual medium, about her home to perform a sigh. Charles believes that spiritism is a shame, but hopes to pick up "the tricks of the trade." But then Madame Arcati brought back ghosts to Elvira (Kaye Hammond), Charles's first wife, who died in pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refused to leave, and developed a spell ritual with Ruth about Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On stage, the actors can provide performances that are invited to laugh in this situation. But on the screen, the actors of "Blithe Spirit" tear in their line as if they do not know that anyone is listening. Low lines were made to get to the scene. Performances by Harrison, Cummings, and even Hammond Cottage are flat and dead. Only Margaret Rutherford seems to have kept his spark and humor as Madame Arcati. The Oscar-winning visual effects of the film is unimpressive - not only by today's standards but by the standards in 1946! They consist mainly of Kaye Hammond walking around in fluorescence green and makeup pictures, the photo of special lighting has made him look like a glowing ghost. The cinematographer deserves some credit for creative lighting. But comparing the amazing swallow effects of "Blithe Spirit" to the truly unveiling effects of Disney's "Song of the South" - which was eligible for the same year award. In "South," people with animated characters share the screen smoothly for a moment at a time. Compared to the "South," the Oscar "Blithe Spirit" received for special effects was completely undesirable. <br /> At any speed, I can only encourage you to keep the Broadway revival in this play with Angela Lansbury before closing. As for the movie with Rex Harrison, skip it.
