You just got to love the opening of love like the one in "Seven Women for Satan"? During the intro has a naked girl running through the woods, chased by a hunting dog and a malignant looking dude on a horse, until it falls on a cliff and split itself open on a rock. Then the camera zooms out on the guy's face and we notice how he simply sits behind a desk also secretary waiting for him to sign some papers. "Oh, sorry, I've lost my mind ??" he then say! Sweet, I was stumbling over yet another completely dung movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and have a look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" had nothing to do with Satan or sacrifice ceremony, but simply turned on the flamboyant escape into a Converted and mentally unstable counts over her weekend in the country. This is, in fact, another variation renders of the classic classic "most dangerous game" on a disturbing disturbing crap of human hunting ?? Preferably hot naked chic - in the jungle for sports. Well actually, this is more than just a variation on the classic 1932, as writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine had the pretense to directly link his protagonist to Leslie's legendary legendary "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is supposedly Zaroff's original count, but he has exchanged his private island for the French-speaking country. He also can not afford to work again, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday with a maniacal killer over the weekend. Zaroff is a genuine weirdo that talks about dancing and dying women but actually runs his car over those living. Butler once promised to prevent Zaroffs from killing, but it's obviously doing a disgusting job. There is no depth of the scenario and the build-up certainly does not pay attention to disaster or disaster atmosphere. Really, only useful things to do during this movie count the girls being attracted to Zaroff's scam traps and hoping they will reach seven promises. Half of the film is freaky foot and tedious padding, such as the erotic overlong act in which an inexplicable image transforms into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half of the psychedelic sleazy that eventually grows tedious as well even if all the girls look ravishing. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate her pop Jean Rollin and make a deliriously leaked sheet-thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so inevitably it also star Jess Franco Reginald Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself surely has to look like a crazy killer, but not the talent to describe one.
