The 1930's was a golden age in Los Angeles and its film industry with great potential of various other possibilities to become rich and famous and happy. People have come to expect to meet their dreams. Exiting open arms and welcoming offer has only a few that managed to succeed and finding their way to limits, most then condemned to die starving, disapproving and wanting to seek a bit of respect in dirty bars and hotel rooms nasty. <br /> <br /> Young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in LA on a similar quest - spreading her charm around to find one of these beautiful rich women and writing an excellent novel that would put her on a career path, which was too far to write one brief story published in an obscure anthology. Wishing to create a romantic masterpiece it seems unable to produce anything without experiencing it himself though, occasionally sending pieces of magazine history to a local editor who helps him survive. She is proud to present herself as an Italian but deep in her heart and really feels her Italian origin as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world has once been ever gone and watching her dreams turn into a hangover and hold a last nickel salt to spend. <br /> <br /> The cafe she brought was cold and back and spitting a curse on triggering her a never-ending relationship to insult, unspoken excuse and a love hidden underneath. Camilla being an inculcation girl is trying to get US citizenship at a wedding also carrying her heavy cross into a non-racial heritage perspective. Even though she is very much in a stronger and experienced life situation her as a beautiful Mexican woman is more difficult to deal with than Arturo is able to achieve. <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo eventually finds inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it possible that romance takes a unlucky turn? <br /> It is very surprising to find out which chemistry between the two main characters, performed by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship lacked raw and native feelings. Hayek if livelier a character compared to Farrell's forgotten arm Camilla and the passion and strength of his character once brilliant Frida. And it is difficult to have faith in an intelligent, yet enchanted character and illiterate using vocabulary quite difficult and intricate phrases. A tougher character in a sort of Phil Marlowe would definitely cost Farrell best, though it looks stunning in a period costume, it seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a vibrant old swing dreams between a hidden love and desire to be true of himself. <br /> You feel embarrassed to look at the screen on the screen is not good. Relations can be wild, but it's easier for a thunderstorm and a lightning without a storm, far from real passion, feelings just described have not felt inside. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and good actors were wasted, back to a gray average of soon-to-be forgotten.
