Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Austrian slogan and legend. Sorting such Robin Hood, with a mix of the Billy Kid, Austrian loves the saga in how he stood up against the aristocratic English asthma, and united the lowest class of Austrian Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% of criminal immigrants seems to be relaxed skimmed around by this movie. In fact, quite a few so-called 'facts' of this film is, on reflection, a dubious tad. <br /> I think they should have been suspicious when, in the open credit, he stated that this movie is based on the book, "Our Sunshine". If ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, it has been. This was not going to be a historic season, but just an adaptation of one of the dubious legend of Ned Kelly, albeit a harsh and occasionally brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overblown Hallmark channel `real wannabe 'real historical life! The storytimes are simultaneously at an alarming speed (alarming because never has a movie plodded so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after two hours of driving brings brings the memory of the terrible Costner Wyatt Earp all these two years so. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to receive that nothing. This might have been a tad more bearable if the performance was good (because the direction was sure he was not). However, unless you're looking to play a game in place of the worst Oirish accent, then you'll be disappointed. Between that, the game of "Who has the stupidest beard?", `The evolution evident evident! '(Signs are all ginger for some reason), and' Nature of Australia.including Lions', it's a similar experience as flickering in Hallmark, History Channel, Discovery Channel, and Neighborhood also suffer from a huge hangover. Yup, nature pops up a lot, as they fill out even more time (perhaps an attempt to look ati), the movie keeps wildlife wildlife shows, and once all the native species are shown, here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (used during one fight to try to make you actually feel sorry for the lion than the people are massacred). This is a turgid, emotional piece of historical artifacts that should have gone straight into TV. There is not even a good word I can say about this movie. Even typically fantastic phenomena seems to be embarrassed to be here. When one of the comment characters that there are only 2 bullets left for him and his pals, I also wanted to have a gun to blow any memory from this movie out of my head!
