I can not get past this message in this movie. He has put out too clearly to ignore it, and it is obscene because he loses his sense of what it's about. I have not read the novel, but the Pollack movie opens with a scene from a CIA-front organization in New York, which is broken by two professional killers, led by Max von Sydow, who continues brutally killing half the original dozen members of our staff have come to know and understand. The employee includes a senior female receptionist, a senior senior senior manager who has fallen off when he is car-gnad (is that a joke?), And finally, the beautiful Tina Chen looks up from the copier, to realize it is about to be murdered, and say, partially brave, "I will not cry." From Sydow answered sympathetic, "I know." These killers are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by anything that we are aware of, and graphics. It's a brutal scene. <br /> There is absolutely no way in which from Sydow and his case he can deliver. But that's exactly what Pollack is trying to do towards the end. After having killed these innocent guys, Sydow changed places (because the other side is willing to pay him) and murdered the evil master behind an intramural CIA plot. The script then turns it into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive person. "It is best to live in Europe. Things are not so great." Or whatever. I swear I do not. Pollack wants us to believe it is best to be a mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write it in case you forget. Just exactly what kind of psychiatric sandals do you have to be in order to turn ordinary values, not to mention common sense, top-down like that? I understand that adult adult who is influencing the government of the United States, even hates him, and who sees plots just about everywhere, provides a knee-jerk explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that people who think this way exist because I count some of them among my closest friends. But at some point this flu, this hatred, if it increases in intensity, must pass beyond politics or ethics and in the field of psychiatry. I do not for a moment believe that someone who kills for money is better than a disaster government official. I do not care how suave and cultivate the murderer is or if he knows how to reach the Louvre on the Metro. Anyone purveying that message needs either medication or meditation. <br /> I would like to be able to argue that the output is as rotten as its message, but I can not. It is very well done. (In some ways worse, because it makes the movie less delayed.) Even New York City looks like photogenic on the screen. And it was a long time since I thought of New York as a photogenic. Robert Redford performed an admirable job in his first trauma and confusion, but then became a semi-genius telecommunications. And, people, it looks just fine! Her wardrobe is just right. Even his rimless glasses will become. With his peacoat. Not everyone can make a sailor bean look look glamorous. It looks very nice too, the pig. I want to look like that. I want to wear a denim shirt with a tie and pants. Faye Dunaway is well in his role but is not too credible a role. Did anybody go to sleep with a guy who had recently kidnapped him and kept it at gunpoint? Though it looks like Redford? Will anyone be hurt emotionally if, when that relationship is over, Redford asks him not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is amazingly good. It does one or two very good double-take. The postman is superb. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is extraordinary choreographed, and, for once, we really do not know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (a book reader after all) seems misunderstood against the cunning brutal of this killer hired. This is one of John Housemann's final roles. A shame. It's a magnet on the screen. And what a sequel to his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering in New York, in a neighborhood he was familiar with for most of his life. <br /> Yes, the movie is very well executed, but I can not ignore that vicious, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl in "The triumph of the will." Or her Olympic documentation in which the announcer will watch a foot race in which Jesse Owens is pulling in the lead and says ominously, "This guy is dangerous."
