One can only assume that Robert Osborne is contracting to express the pleasure of the younger films appealing to the TCM library as this would explain his 'thrilling' beauty of this "good" movie during his introduction when I was see this on cable TV. Seeing as any old movie on IMDb received 'classic' status from a number of amateur fawning reviews, I thought there was a dire need for a more honest review of this movie. <br /> This is not your dad's 'Shop in the Corner'. For all my quibbles and 'You Received Mail', it still outshines this as a remake of just about any way imaginable. For those who have seen the original, the flaws will only be more obvious. <br /> From one of the sections to satisfy my sweet sequences I can remember seeing (a sad slapstick attempt in 'humor'), this movie gets off on the wrong foot and never really gets in step. This 'music' only qualifies as one in the eastern sense of the theme. There is a sprinkling of immediately forgettable music numbers and then there's Judy singing "I do not care" while flailing her arms around as if in a seizure. The Christmas song he sings in the store is probably one of his best numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in a number of music films, but here she looks horribly miscast. The original role was filled by Jen Allyson and Judy is definitely able to fill the shoes in Margaret Sullavan's old party. Van Johnson also turned into a rather swollen performance as a second-rate Jimmy Stewart tip. Driving never achieved chemistry at Stewart / Sullavan or even that of Hanks / Ryan. This is a movie that knows (some of) the notes, but not the music. It does not really seem to understand why the original worked and even felt the need to add another favorite love interest to Van Johnson's character to complicate things unnecessarily. The renewal system for the original infidelity subsidiary is a charging tablet that involves a priceless violin. It is almost embarrassing to look and feel as if it might have arisen from an episode of Three in Company by someone with a DeLorean and a Flux Capacitor. It's really just an excuse for a Keaton pratfall. Even the big resolution scene between the romantic drives is mishandled. After seeing both films, you will understand why it is called the Lubitsch Touch and the PA 'Robert Z. Leonard Touch'. <br /> Avoid this and revival either the original movie or one of Judy Garland's films earlier unless you're an iconoclast who enjoys seeing a star once big fall down to earth.
