This is just your spoiler warning. What a sad state of our movies when junk entertainers like this is considered "Oscar deserved". <br /> I divide material into three levels. The first is the stage theater. Here the viewer is stagnant and the power rests in the presentation of the actor and, most importantly, in the power of the writer. A good author is better than a good scriptwriter because he or she knows the best way words. Hardest dramatic to know how to create imagery that the step itself can not show. <br /> <br /> The second level is film. In this medium, a weak writer can use, but the viewer does not sit in one place all the time. With the film, the context can be captured by visual poetry and additional writing. In addition, films can manipulate everday elements like sounds and colors in almost all sorts of ways. <br /> <br /> The final level is literature. In this context, everything is imagined by the author, translated into paper, and then re-imagined by the reader. Far more detailed can enter a woman than is conceivable for a movie studio. That's why adaptations can go, but never go down. The novelizations are never better than the base movie (see the dime-every-dozen in your local book store), whereas the movie can not transmit the same power as the original book (Catch-22 and LotR). Movies can rarely be played in plays and plays can still be performed in movies. <br /> As for the 'Last Show', it fails. It's a movie that should stick to the stage because the director is too stupid to shoot anything right. The same characters speak and act the same, it's worth noting. Add to that a soundtrack obnoxious and you have a totally unwatchable movie. <br /> I see this in my high class drama class and about 20 other wannabe thespians. The instructor raved about how sad the movie was. What is sad is how such deplorable work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious. This was the color of the scenes of impotence, part of the pool, and the old hooker should consider great comedy. See what Lucas did with 'Indian graffiti' some years later. The American high education system needs to start teaching on film rather than trying to teach and film. Two powerful downbeat visuals: Apocalypse Now with Barry Lyndon. Rely on them, not this. It's 'Last' I want to see in it. 1 out of 5.
