It's sort of hard to say it, because I'm so much enjoying both "Purpose" and "Moon paper", but I thought "The Last Show Show" was a finking but overly self-filmed movie. Its main, as far as I'm concerned, is the stunning photography. But for me the movie had nothing to offer beyond surface beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty, of that). The characters were very difficult to relate to or to care about. Basically you had this rhythm very slowly with this naturalist style of acting, but it was all there's up a very formal and predictable story, complete with all the one trappings would expect from any small town melodrama - everything out in the cheating boy and his teacher wife in the kid kid who is all to choose. It was like "Indian graffiti" without joy in life. Some might say this movie is more realistic - nowadays a lot of people seem to think that realism is the only virtue that a movie can own. But for me the film was simply oppressive, and I want to see it again as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in this miserable city's characters live in. Maybe this movie really just belongs to Its time - perhaps if I would see it in 1971 I would have been impressed by its gift, just do not see something different on the screen. But what would fundamentally assume that I never saw something like, say, Godard's Breathless. Perhaps the open-source reference films would have to appeal to the geek of my movie and helped me overlook some of the movie's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world that hardly looks unique or special either. It is interesting though she uses the films in the movie to give her own films more depth. We see 3 films as I remember in the photo show. First we see Vincent's Minnelli's "Bride of the Bride" - Liz Taylor's exuberant looks like a contrast to Sonny's girlfriend and Minnelli studies to study the upper-middle-class contrast of the "real life" character in a similar way. And clips from the River River Howard Hawks emphasize the theme of a friendly break between an advisor and a shield. It really just reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing his own mentor's bosom, as he did if I remember correctly by choosing a movie as a part of his own on the screen of Reverie and Boris Karloff's "Purpose". I guess in 1971 this kind of stuff was new but looking at it today it just looks independent, as much of the rest of this movie. <br /> <br /> Finally, I'd rather see another film by Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's movie reminding us why they were so hit in a way less than subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the grandfathers who have long gone - all he really does is remind us how little he and most of his contemporaries in relationships.
