It should come as no shock for you when I say that alone in the dark is a heavy film. To put it bluntly, it's as if a movie movie is flawed, eats the result, and then vomits. The final product would still estimate this movie. <br /> Seemingly based on an ancient game (!) Atari, the movie has something or other to do with a portal of the bowels of the earth, liberated by demons, and ancient civilizations. Something about having two worlds, that's the darkness with that of light. (Guess whom we are.) Oh, and 10,000 years ago a really super-duper civilization opened the portal, the spirits came over and had an explosion, then wiped out the civilization. That's why we have never heard of them, easy enough. <br /> <br /> Christian Slater, perhaps pining for the days of Heathers and pumping up the volume, playing Edward Carnby, a paranormal researcher who something bad happened when he was 10 years old. It's hot on the trail of one of the affairs of told advanced civilization. Carnby was used to belong to a secret institution named 713, who tried to figure out what had happened in ancient times of civilization. But Carnby believes that he was not going to be able to find the answers he sought, so he left the band. But see, these beasties are out, and they find animals in various ways, such as their exaggeration, split them down, implanting neurological control devices, or just turn them into killing zombies. Yes, it's another zombie movie. <br /> <br /> That's about how distilled I can do the plot. It's very complicated and incomprehensible. In similar movies, one might see researchers in interviews / adventurers things out a step at a time, and when our audience is mentally with the researcher, it's a lot of fun. But when the scenes change to attack to attack with no perspective or context ... not much fun. <br /> <br /> The act is obnoxious, save to slater, who (although he almost seems to be embarrassed to be in film) has shown he could carry the act to act. He had to; Find this - Tara Reid cast as a museum curator! Honestly, I thought I would see a dead life while Denise Richards was cast as a nuclear physicist in the never-ending time. But Reid here matches Richards, fancy emoting for emoticon. Hightlights include Reid pronounced "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd Land," Reid delivering most of her line to a dazed, monotonous throat (as like being on a full-night Bender for the past week before filming) , Reid - a musical preservation, your idea - spends a lot of the movie in a hip-hop hip-hop jeans. Oh yeah, it was as credible as Jessica Simpson provided stock quotes. Oh, why should they be nice to be so dumb? (Note: I do not think that Tara Reid is all that good looking ... It seems that she's in need of all the time to eat.) Almost everyone else at the cast is completely forgettable, except perhaps for Steven Dorff, which played Burke, one of the leaders of 713. Dorff's character was not terribly developed, but nothing in the movie was, from these sets of characters in Tara Reid. But I digresse. <br /> In any way, the sequel and simply scenario scenario is hard enough to follow with the movie moving at such a breakneck pace, but Uwe Boll's director shoots in a boom, self-deadening band; it's loud you can not hear what the actors are saying in some of the scenes! It can not be good. Given level acting, however, maybe thanks in the direction of Mr. Boll. Oh, and a fun note. The opening times of the film include narratives ... in the words that pull through the screen at the same time. Remember the First Star Wars? You've heard that now-accustomed Star Wars theme while the prologue creeps. There was surely no need for narration; why do i need some doofus what's on the screen for me? Are producers simply looking out for blind people? Perhaps this also explains why the sound was so loud - they were also looking out for hear-of-hearing. Also, the inexplicable narrower has a lisp for the first few lines of the zoom - then lose it. Bizarre. <br /> <br /> Alone in the dark is a loud, mishmash dopey dready act, an incoherent script, and sheep led. Hardly a note sounds true. There is so much disruption that the audience simply gives up taking care of the characters and roots of their crush. Even in the dark, the demonic creatures seem cooler and more developed by comparison. <br /> <br /> Ironically, since there were only three others in the theater, I watched this alone in the dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned it so? I can not quite give this the lowest rating, because I had low hopes for it to start with - and because it never grabbed me enough to get it done. It's arthritis, although slater smashes itself a little bit.
