We all must congratulate Uwe Boll. He was hurting. The director can only have two movies at 100 below on IMDb! It is like some types of cinemas cockroaches. No matter how small he talents, and no matter how bad these movies are, he manages to keep doing. I know, he finances himself in some kind of German rare, but even so, his ability to keep making movies despite absolute, complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. Should not be so bad except that video game developers keep giving the best properties to this guy. I really enjoyed the salt of the black series of games. Even the last one, the New Nightmare, was good for a few hours to play games. There was a good movie to be made out of Edward Carnby's adventures, but this is not it. Now Uwe Boll has got his hand on Bloodrayne and Hunter: Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Doom? I can only imagine the swath that this guy will cut into game-to-movie adaptation if it does not stop. Someone needs to remove his line of credit, or those video game publishers need to be wiser and realize that when they make a bad movie out of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title any that more. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, is the house of the dead or alone in the dark a solid game title again? There is no way. A new home in the Dead Game comes out for X-Box and nobody will take care of. The title is dead, and all because of Uwe Boll. So, if any of you outdoors work for a game publisher, or know a game publisher, or have access to a game publisher ... please warn them. <br /> <br /> This movie itself is not the same value to review. I can not separate what I do not like about this pile of manure from the rest of it. Literally, everything on it sucks. Writing this, the act, the music, CG effects, the correction. I thought if I waited until it came out on DVD and then rent it with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate Uwe's ability to turn out a great, steam steamer in BOLL sh * t.
