There should be a rule that clearly states that movie like Evil Residents are supposed to do in the spirit of the game, not in the spirit of blowing up everything possible. RE is a survival horror game, with one damn one in that, again Paul WS Anderson managed to make it like any other video game video coming together. Alone in the dark is essentially the same kind of spirit as Resident Evil, so now, the slightest hope the director will manage to have some pieces of a brain sufficient to make a horror movie and not an action movie. Instead, alone in the black just proves that there is no longer hope for video games become cinema. The draw, despite the fact that it obviously is not supposed to be problematic, is the biggest of many issues with the movie. The movie begins with what can only be described as five minutes of texting that can or may not be important, as after a minute later, the audience stopped taking care and just sat down to the rest to hit the nearest objects. Then there is something about an orphanage, some artifacts, an ancient tribe, some bureaucrats and some demons, all of them find that jumbled together that the viewers really can not follow and what's going on. Character moves in and out of the plot like candy, some have great build-ups for nonsense. Basically, what I can understand is that some demons have been released, and Edward Carnby (slater) has some ties of them thanks to some surgery to give children to their orphanage that has failed on it. He found an artifact that included the demons and brought him to an anthropologist ex-girlfriend (Reid), who of course he managed to have sex right away for no good reason. Then from nowhere, all hell breaks loose, and the pair ends with a military team led by some Commander Rats (Dorff), who apparently has a mutual hatred for Carnby. It's all ridiculous, and reason I do not really understand it is not just because it's complicated and jumbled, but it leaves no place for anyone to really care. Instead, I highly recommend that, if you have to view this movie, wear a tennis ball or something to handle yourself when the draw manages to make you confused. The scene of action in a movie that has a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it a little, right? Too bad, this movie is like any other ruin crap ever made, with enough quick cuts for a chicken coop. Considering this is based on a horror game, not an action game, it is mostly annoying. The first action scene involving a man chasing Cranby from a taxi is among the worst I've ever witnessed, and the rest is not all that great either. The demons look a bit cool, though the fact that they turn in powder when killing takes all this effect. Scenes involving lots of weapons that should be cool to look rather involve the fire fire as the only source of light and camera zooming and scanning faster than the top of a crack addict. It is all kinds of seizures that spawn children in bed at night. <br /> The act is what I like to call actors and make them do nothing. Slater does not do anything but sounds great for the whole movie, though it seems to be more talented than he is leaving on. The same is true of Dorff, who gets an engrossing role despite actually having some talent (something that has happened to him). Reid is pretty much exactly what it should be, sex appeal background, as every time she tries to act it is a disaster (as is the look of extreme bad scientists at the beginning). In all, this is the kind of movie that worries me about future video game movies. If they keep damaging the spirit like this, only a matter of time before Samus Aran is killing Middle-East and an AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti is fighting a foreign squadron. Unlike Resident Evil, however, this one does not deserve a second chance, as I do not think anything can possibly help me forget just how terrible this movie is. It is bland, refreshing and unexciting. This is equivalent to the diarrhea film; It's all thrown together, nothing really fits, and, in the end, you just enjoy it in over. <br /> TOTAL: 4%
