The title of the worst movie ever is one that comes out quickly and often. Most of the time it is exaggerated in the reality, but I would love to welcome alone in the dark in the short list of real candidates: Plan 9 from outer space, Earth Battlefields, and the Adventures of Plush Nash. /> As I watched in minutes 90 minutes I found it hard to stay awake even while I was trying hard to laugh at the movie. But misery I felt alone in the darkness (I was going to try to avoid the basket but I could not resist) as I looked around expecting to see Mike Nelson and friends of his robot. My friend and I gave comedy to the movie. <br /> So ... on the movie itself. Allow to talk about the action and effect since this should be the only positive part of the movie. The movie has all evil creatures that are a cross between the Xenos of Aliens (they are called Xenos), and the animals of Black Pig. It can turn the invisible random (and I assure you it is random) and get injured by light. Also present are small animals centipede used to control those who transform them into something resembling a zombie. All of these are shown with special effects that should be mediocre in 1997. The scene of action is chaotic and impossible to follow. People are randomly drawn on a blue screen step or a blank set of monsters that have been inserted in post. Light quickly shines on a dark screen to make your students burn out of too much work while bad music music rock in the background. And these were the high points. The story revolves around a paranormal investigator (Slater) whose idea is hard to wear is a black t-shirt babe Tshirt with a slim dress and not beard for 2 days. An archaeologist (Reid) is rather inept. With a government agency (Dorff) whose line involves barking orders. All three would be disappointed by their performance (not really they did a good job before) and the casting director should be disappointed. Reid and Slater are supposed to be lovers of the movie I guess. The movie has the most leftmost scene I've ever seen on the movie between the two. Then come the draw. Very honestly parties that make sense are not interesting at all. The rest is the best logic. The plot holes might include the collective ego of all three stars. The movie begins with text and a voice that explains the story back. This opening lasts for more than a minute and the previously viewed viewer in for something awful. This narration opening is later repeated adnausem in the left dialogue in a very slim and heavy mode to repay the rest of the movie. And the finish did not make one ounce in the sense. Not only does it make sense to the world of the movie, it simply did not make sense. Finally the direction of one Uwe Boll. Shame, all that can be said. Use it to shake the camera simulation suspense. Lack it in the direction of the actors. Just look at the stage reid that it is not focus center of the shot. The complete garbage of the special effects of money for the effects of bullet time. And finally choose to use voice to explain something that should be painfully evident from the viewers. <br /> I paid a $ 1.50 to see this show in a second running theater. And while my laugh and my friends gave it worth every quarter I would advise people to avoid paying any more for this movie. Grab about 3 friends and divide the rents and tear this movie a new one. <br /> <br /> Shame on you Uwe Boll. Shame on you Tara Reid. Shame on your Christian slater. Shame on you Stephen Dorff. Shame on anyone who was associated with this movie.
