I usually start by linking the site to the movie, but before anyone makes any judgments rush about my review, let me prefer it when saying that I'm someone who loves most movies (just check my other reviews) . Alone in the dark is a movie by director Uwe Boll, whose film right before this was House of the Dead (2003). Like alone in the dark, it was also a movie adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave it a 10 out of 10! My point in stating that (which will surely turn some readers instantly) is that if I even hated alone in the dark, there must be something wrong with it. <br /> <br /> The first: Who am I kidding? Try to give a state quote for this movie is as easy as trying to balance the United States budget, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have discovered evidence of some American Indian lost tribes. The Indian tribe apparently discovered some ways to pull the "second world", which was wrong in nature. The bad thing wiped out, but not before they could close the door to the wrong world and throw the key. Later, some scientists / government researchers experienced the paranormal, and especially this tribe, decided to experiment with some children, trying to produce some kind of hybrid and the second world. (Believe it or not - everything up to this point and then some told us in a prologue for writing in the movie - it's just white text scrolling through a black screen and a voice-over reading it in us ). Then, there was something about children being in an orphanage, but the government took them back out, and then a bunch of people are looking for archaeological debris, and there are people super tuners around , with a bunch of soldiers calling in and over and over. <br /> In fact, the display never really stops. It's like a never-ending backstory from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, perhaps 25. But none of them are presented in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the mystic tribe lost their American and superhumans, we also find monsters that resemble a cross between aliens and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, underground glass tunnels, zombies, war-warlike wars, gold scientists, underground storage, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impalements, large mostly rest museums, government conspiracy, golden trunks pulling out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backstabbing scheme , a very ambitious romance, car chassis, home invasion, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I can not remember if that last was in the movie. Even more amazingly (amusingly?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson pointed out, "We're spending more time on history, being very meticulous about that." Tara Reid calls alone in the dark "a smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not deceive anyone. A lot of things above might sound lukewarm in the potential audience for this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. I usually did not know that any environmental relationship was in any other environment, why we were there, or what anyone did (at least when each scene started). It's just a random mishmash of environmentally-friendly, as if Uwe Boll's director had 250 ideas associated with a hat and pulled out like lottery numbers. Then, when she did, she and Richard Richard Schwadel decided to cut the movie using bones, then reassemble it by sending my ching to me. Sometimes the movie plays like a director's coil (which is a combination of short, varied scenes, directors circulating to try to find work), but maybe that's too generous. I'm not sure Boll would get work if this was reel it. <br /> As I tend at least as most films, I tend to like most actors with most performances. It's very rare that I say that a performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm someone who usually loves Reid. I do not know what happened. For a high percentage of the movie, they just move it to the series as a prop. They might as well have just bought a doll-up doll. That would save them money that they could use for some cgi ghosts and vampires in castles and cemetery settings. Perhaps they chose to move around as a beautiful piece of driftwood after seeing the dailies in mumbling storyless dialogue in a monotone that usually reserved for entertaining mother-in-laws. , a lot of alone in the dark plays like a movie Godzilla without Godzilla. By that, I mean it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gok. At least in Godzilla's film, there is a campiness for her, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a great rule in that we get to see Godzilla destroying downtown and fighting a giant gnome and radioactive death toll shot from her eyes or something. <br /> Just what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, besides observing and filing lawsuits against the agents, is hard to say. I can not say that I thought anyone in the movie had a decent performance, although perhaps slater at least seen the cigar. I think this unprecedented for me. <br /> Still, I did not give this movie a 1. There were some competent videos, though Boll and Schwadel made mincemeat out of it, and the tune rock hard on credit was good. Heck, even the novel prologue is not so bad. I actually thought the movie promised at that point. But this may just be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
