Defining an abomination as defined by Webster's dictation is "a cause of disdain or disgust." If anyone can think of a word that is most appropriate or definite than the one in the dark, please let me know because this is the best I can come up with. However, I do not feel that in any way this word describes how terribly awful this movie is. <br /> I went to see this movie with two of my roommates. One has very similar taste to me, the other is an action guru / adventure cops. This guy usually does not care about the size of the drawings, as long as the film has so much explosion it will walk away to meet. in alone in the dark. Little in my surprise we were the only people in the theater. When it started I knew why immediately. It starts with the worst opening scene of any movie, and unfortunately I must admit it only gets worse out there. The opening stage is a 5-minute text roll that tells. But I understand why he was told. The principal must have understood that only the reader might even account for paying this movie. But not only is this the first longest time of text roll in the history of the cinema, but it also makes no sense. It seems as if in the same sequence we hear about completely separate movies. One is about an ancient civilization and its falsification with a portal, the other is on a mad scientist and his or her experience on orphans. If you read this and are confused, you are not alone. Then the scenario terrible, acting, effect, and camera work begins. Tara Reid is horrendous as an actress. It does nothing for a second to make you think it is a museum curator. Slater is just bad, not convinced, and with no chemistry and Reid. The draw is probably the worst thing ever created by people. The whole time I with the roommate and similar flavors poses questions like: What is this? And what's going on? Other than this scroll garbage we have a few sequences narrated by Slater himself. Are they good? NO. Are they explaining anything? NO. Are we at any point as an audience have mentioned the slightest as to why we should take care of what is happening? Again, NO. Then we have a random sex scene. We have told Slater and Reid together, but there is no time to act as if they care for another. But then BAM ... sex scenes. Again, I do not know. A good, oh I do not know, 30 seconds after this unwanted scene we have a gunfight and 20 miles so with a similar number of foreign things. This is set in a heavy-metal track and causes more brain hemorrhage than one has ever thought possible. <br /> But if that was not enough ... <br /> <br /> There exists no primary evil. There is the scientist and there are "aliens" things. At one point the scientist controls foreign things and stands on a hill commander of the previous military attack. Why? How did he become the supreme commander of these things? Why are they listening? Once again I have no idea. The movie ends with Slater and Reid walking in a city evacuated. Why was the city evacuated? Are these foreign things broken down? Did the military say to them? Who knows ... and at this point of concern? I did not and you will not. <br /> But at his head off, Slater and Reid are not attacking something alien. Even if he declared that foreign things will die by exposure to sunlight. And right, you guessed it, it's mid day * and $ ing and shines as can. Perhaps foreign items have bought a pair of sunglasses, I do not know and I do not care. <br /> Now, after the movie ended I ran out the theater, all 6 feet 6 inches of mine, lift my arms and shake my Afro tell everyone not to see this movie. Even my action / adventure action column (which would consider a movie that just cut and stuck 2 hours of explosion in 1 movie to be the greatest thing ever created) admitted that tracing holes were pretty obvious in this movie. <br /> For sum up this CRAP-FEST I give it a 0.0 / 10 and would give it lower if I could. <br /> <br /> Unmatched, the worst movie ever made. I do not want this movie about my worst enemy.
