True, there are many movies much worse then this movie. This movie had no Manos: but in fate, or troll 2 (yes, I saw them both .. twice) but at the same time this movie is not aliens, Predators or even aliens vs. Predator (Yes, even that movie is more powerful than this). Movies like this makes Earth Battle look like a Star war it is so bad. Razzie Vision Look, your biggest competition has hit theaters. This movie I'm talking about is of course alone in the dark. I will try to take you even though a step by step process on why this movie was so bad. <br /> <br /> Interesting - I'm going to first start with what might have been the best element in this movie (next to the credits ending, playing 'my will was an angel', the acting. To be proud of himself, he successfully proves that it is possible to act decently in a movie that gets worse then antitrust drink. Even though all of his terrible dialogue was to talk, he asked me why he just did not walk half of the series.Maybe it was because of Stephen Dorff being in the movie as well (someone he wants he could but fail to do it.) Tara Reid is a bad actress but good looking that is all that really matters in such films. That is not to say the act was perfect though, it was average, not good, and perhaps the only thing in the movie is not good. /> Soundtrack-Except for ' I wish I had an angel, the band was pointless and the heavily media was pumping into the viewers' ears, possibly saying sguise the terrible story (something I'll get to soon). A long and very expensive 2 band soundtrack is now ups for sale for those musical challenges. <br /> <br /> The Direction - Led by Hollywoods favorite director Uwe Ball who brought us the classic House of the Dead. Tell us "Yes, movies can get this bad move and that's just the beginning of my mortal legend in horrible movies". At least he was told to be led by Uwe Ball. Without being told I would guess a monkey being kidnapped from the Congo, brought here and forced to make opinions on how to make the movie under penalty of being shocked. The director of photography was probably a camcorder stuck on a skateboard and pushed forward until it hit a wall. On the scene where the camera should stay still it still moves, does not allow us to stop anywhere and when it should move into action, the camera stops for some reason. is stupid enough to put money towards this bomb? I'm pity fools ... sometimes. Sometimes I'm glad she or she taught such a lesson did not put money towards garbage worse then angry dog ​​tied up in a sack. Then block a glass selected under a big toe and kicking a soccer ball as hard as I possibly could with it right after but I'm still trying it. Edward Carnby saves as a child from an orphanage where 20 children are undergoing experimentation. He escapes and hides in an electrical outlet where he is electrocuted (this is the point where he got so bad I started laughing loudly). Then it soon-lends many years later where it is a paranoia detective. He gets attacked by some zombie who can not shoot at death, kill him, and move on with life. Later on he was attacked by some crazy monster looking and discovered the secrets that nobody else knows. <br /> Yeah, the plot is bad, really really bad. The movie films and awaits us about 10 minutes, felt like 100, in random texts about a civilization that does not believe the Abskani. The movie goes no one to twist after another, more then the audience can handle, more then the audience wants to handle, more then the audience would ever care about. This scenario is bad under the same double dragon that makes the best. <br /> <br /> Overall, missing out on this movie. I gave it a 1 out of 10 but that's because there is no 0.
