This movie just went on to prove that not all films were made during the glorious days of Hollywood worth seeing. Just because you had an excellent ensemble cast does not mean that this can overcome a script that was probably written by a chimp! Think about it - the featured movie has Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and yet he still was a bad movie! The first quiz of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more aimed up than the patients! Also, the subplot involving the husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) had a lot of promises. However, the script was handled by all buffet and filed in a drinking buffalo - with bellicose and style on the head again and again in the movie. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of "General Hospital". Subtle, this movie does not !! Realism, this movie does not !! <br /> <br /> While most of the reasons this film reeked was the awesome script, but I blame the producers as well for miscasting and misusing becoming veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart can not be a home name, but this character's character has outstanding talent - especially when playing the movie Noir movie cinema. But here, Stewart threw himself as a very infamous psychiatrist with some European enlightenment accents - he just did not work since this was well outside acting his ranks and his character was totally undeveloped with one dimension. Also, Charles Boyer just seemed hopelessly wrong and totally out of place. See this sweetheart romantic fine as a psychiatrist in the heartland of America just seemed scarce. <br /> Overall, this is a rather horrible film. It is very watchful in a candy pearl train in style but it certainly is not very nice. My wife and I neglected much of the movie, but she also felt it was very good to have written was proficient. <br /> PS - In a case of imitation art life, Oscar Levant has played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant spent much of his life in and out of mental institutions.
