First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch tradition of the ghost ship which is also called the DUTCHMAN thief. In this movie, you will not see a single sailing ship. You will not see marine, ghost, or anything remotely interesting. It is not the story of the ghost pirate, and I wish to be advised of the main credits or I would not watch it because I really thought it was the movie about the legend. It looks like many people think the movie was made and legendary of the ghost ship, since the movie is listed on the Wikipedia page for "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. It is perhaps based on similar slogans and called the "Lost Joy"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst part of the legend? The movie begins with a battle sequence that would allow anyone who expects the movie to have a battle scene. Unfortunately, it is the only battles scene in the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was sick of the city losing children) for about two seconds, and that would let anyone hope the movie will have good acting. Unfortunately it is very bad in the movie. The same thing can be said about Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of Italy's best actors ever, and who is here condemned to incorporate a crazy bird wrangler with no back story that has only objective to seem must be "the wise man" in the movie. And boy, that film needs wiseness! All other characters in the story seem to enjoy swimming in exchanges, crying, torturing others (in excerpts), fornicating (in excrement) or laying in some excerpts just for fun in it. It seems to be such fun that every character in the story gets to turn it or it has been thrown in poop at one point or another. Coming to a Dutch director, you might think that extreme emotional and shocking really is the element that is needed in a piece of period, which contributes to filming the film movie Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", as a great movie. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would leave anyone hoping that a movie just as dirty and visually straight-forward would be good. Unfortunately, and unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progression, no fight, no good act, and simply put, no "Flesh and Blood". The photography, as the opening opening unfold, is well-done and catchy. This also occurs very early in the movie. The music, from Nicola Piovani (in the "La vità e bella" fame) is repetitive and annoying, when not irrelevant (it sometimes implies that there is grandeur in a sequence, while on screen the actors will projection of liquid manure). Throughout the first "act" of the film, which lasts nothing less than an hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter, which is around the firm where the main characters live. Character to play and excerpt a lot, drowning in it, playing in it. A long period of many elips permits the main character, a young boy who loves to play in outreach, gets older and plays in some more excerpts. The bird-man talks a lot say crazy things in Italian. Spanish conquerors speak French. There is nothing that makes sense. Everything is confused and takes hours to arrive. Then there is a second act called "the ship", in which we see what would be a boat, a long time ago, but who is now staying in a boat (covered with the recommendation I mentioned? ). The main character, while walking a bit further away from the farm, just happens to run into it, and decide it's really cool so let's live in it. The Hunchback has lived in it before trying to kill it, but it does not really mind because (I mentioned?) It's not very bright. He thinks the ship can surf and hope to sail over it, until more concessions show (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of the style of Don Quixote style but as I said it really confused who's that), making Dutchman The prisoners, along with the humpback retarded, and burned the ship into the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to bring to the spectator because it just consists of even more extensions and even more retarded mid-year-old peasants fought in it, taking place in an angry asylum. But more torture and drown with each other and feces. But more loitering for the director, which seems to have been definitely giving up on his job, or spent on the second assistant crew crew doing the rest of the job. In the end, a lot of mentally-challenged new "friends" that the Dutchman had killed. The woman he had sex with who was his brother's wife starting and trying to make him meet with his son. Dutchman and his son talk. The film ends after two hours of dungy image and current behavior and technical performance. Then the credit rolls and the spectator dissolve immensely free of having to watch atrocious films with no scheme that pretend to be something interesting as fantasy films based on the legends, while they have nothing but a catalog only in how full of external films can be found when they may not be financed enough to fight instead or even horses.
