Is there something that happened in this film that is not foreseen? I think not. Basically the movie is cliché after nothingness and really nothing ever comes as a surprise. He makes the film very predictable and because of that the film is also seriously lacking in tension. So for a thriller is not tense and unpredictable enough but also as a drama it's a failure. This is because the film of her story is very easy. I mean, there is no way that this could ever happen in real life, as in the same way as the events of this film. So the movie has a real suspension and credibility issues. <br /> But it really is the glow that killed the movie. It brought things at times. All so formal in this movie. The principle is described as a cool heart, almost psychopath like frustrated sexual boy and the victim as a young naive woman, who acts like he did not see any of this coming. Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and all seemed to happen for a reason. Like the sequence in which the 'predator' fixes the 'victims' vehicles broken. Which has to be one of the oldest candles out of the book. I knew what the movie tried to achieve after that point. I tried to look as if the teacher and the student were really growing toward each other's eye depression at others around them. It was so incredible and cheap incredible that I almost wanted to stop watching the movie after that point. This movie is full of moments like these. The title might suggest that this is a good porn movie but that's in fact a vampire made for TV movie. Which means that everything is slowly passed and the film spends its half time on character development and necessary sub-scheme to make the movie even more drama like. <br /> I'll admit that Elizabeth Berkley is very good acting in this movie. He does some of the glamor and events look even realistic at times. Her Hollywood career is as good as after appearing in the movie "Veronika" Showgirls, so unfortunately it will probably only appear in movies and TV series like this one. It's a waste of talent and it's worth the best. All other characters are a deception. Corey Sevier plays the beautiful 'intrerable' beautiful boy's curly look and the way the husband of the main character is described is still worse. It looks more like a sexual predator frustrated than the true predator of the movie. It basically attempts to have sex with his wife in every sequence. She wakes up, she wants to have sex. Before going to bed, she wants to have sex. She gets home, she wants to have sex. It might be something realistic but I do not know, it just did not feel good for a movie like this one and the overall story. <br /> A full movie cliche and I can not think of any reason anyone should ever watch this movie. It is predictable and forfor also lacking in suspicion and credibility. It's not a movie movie and it's certainly one look at times, but all the weak and clique elements of the movie also make this far out of a single recommendable one.
