I'm a Black Man living in a majority of Black towns. That said, I have some great things about Tyler Perry's work. I realize that some people out there feel the need to praise it, because it's Black and trying to show a positive image about the culture. But I honestly believe that, being Perry White, this film would have the NAACP, Al Sharpton, and Jessie Jackson all over her donkey. <br /> I was forced to watch this one movie hell all in a lot lately and every look repeatedly done to boil my blood. The characters are wrong writing and acting. The jokes are so bad, I actually have to say something supposed to be funny. I just will break this big pile of sh-t down. <br /> <br /> Madea = sucking. The character may have some call, but it does not. When the only thing she ever did is to feel around the kids and threatening adults and violence it is less than useless. It is not necessary. The situation with the hit wife was corrected. If a woman was so afraid of her husband's death, why she would try to run when she was sleeping in the bed. It would not have been more meaningful to leave when working at home. At any speed, the characters in this arc were so annoying and overbearing that I hoped he would throw it on the balcony and was rookily tickled when it was not. Then there are two lovbir. A bus driver asks a woman not to harass her while she is doing her judges. I could not believe it. I really could not believe when he agreed to go out with him even more. But what takes the cake is that a grown man has been reduced to throwing pebbles in a window and passing scores like a ten year old by a mega castrating bitch. I do not use this theme lightly, but this woman only has two modes. Morose victims and psycho momma. No matter which of the two figures he showed, however, there was only one constant. The bus driver did not want to get any. He even marries it without sampling goods - WTF! <br /> Then there's family gathering scene. Here we have the mother burden including included insole taboos, grinding for the grinding, shirtless, overly musclebound, b-ball, more flavor of Maya Angelou. When these babies were dragging out and calling a meeting, I was wrong that the greatest of them was claimed by a heart attack. All this crap is going on in the reunion, in ridiculous easy to separate groups, and then they ring a bell. When they do, all these people are doing and heads over for a tough talk too, just like a packet of Pavlov's doggies - WTF! <br /> <br /> Then you have the final five minutes of the movie. In it we see the abusive abusive manhandled by his longtime victim and all around evil actress. There is an impromptu wedding where black people are dressed like angels and hanging on the ceiling - WTF !!! The only reason to look it far away, besides testing your threshold for pain, is the hope that the second villain of this story gets her ass released as well. Guess what, it does not happen. Instead, Perry takes the testicularly way out and plays it safely, ending the movie on a tone of forgiveness - WTF !! <br /> I'm pretty sure that, if given a day, I could probably write a doctoral essay on anyway this movie sucks. Not even finding I started on the rest of Tyler Perry's movie. I just will say that. In my opinion, as a Black guy, D.W. Griffith's legacy lives on. The ironie is that he's doing this in a black man who will praise the doing of a nation to do, selling us down the river. I just want Perry's movie to be dude so I can kick them in the nuts. Thank you very much, dude! What will you follow this up and in 2009, a violent comedy and wild beating of colonial America?
