That same night that I watched this I even watched "scary movie 4," made for one messed up double feature. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes could not stand up to the laughing riot that is the scary movie franchise. While I was fighting boredom here watching jokes that were funny and stupid, brutally dated and brutal, the most recent parody I was laughing loudly. How could I want any more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic base that some sort of growth hormone has gone terribly wrong and turned into the tomatoes of killer. But its main goal here is calm around the genre of genre film that was so great back in the day. Rex in the script stoner humor, and maybe if you take illegal substance and movie night this might be your cup of tea. I, muddy, was stuck watching a man grow under the cover as a tomato. And that one joke, never funny, where the differences between the Japanese speaker actor and the voice over here too. Some may giggle, I did not. They even had a Hitler joke that was not funny, and I thought all Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this movie is so splintered (for no good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes are killed, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes are said. The goals can be correct as the goals include media, intake, and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Strangely enough the main selling point in this movie, these people gosh darn tomatoes, really do not make much of an appearance. But when they do, find that they are playing by real tomatoes. Washing up gadgets was not anything for me as I get very small from watching a pack of tomatoes devouring a body's thanks to the magic of camera tricks. There's also a fear of going to break into work here that prevents this movie from being really funny. The gag that has fallen asleep in almost every stage can please some audience members, but more than likely it will be seen as an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> I would also add that there seems to be some old fashioned egotist people to work here. Man eat tomatoes with this dinner, tomato foods and is a worldwide catastrophe. But it's just the way the world works. In the film the product gets hurt because of genetic modification, but in the real world our product (see: Taco Bell) gets bad credit negligence. And like these green doon green doodles' vibrant life this film expires a long time ago. Some good chuckles must have been. The last shot was really quite splendid, but it was nowhere near enough to save this sweet mild bomb. I am very sure that there is a good movie burying deep into this concept, but the script needs to be filtered in about a dozen rewriting the find. And by "having" I mean at the level of "scary film 4." ** 1/4
