In case you are a self-acclaimed clone of cult movies and / or bad movie-making, have come a certain point in life ?? preferably earlier than later ?? that you have to watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It is an inevitable certainty, as this is one of the most notoriously awful coarse movies ever performed. A small detail, but essential, however, is that "attack of the killer tomatoes" is deliberately terrible. Right from the opening message already, Mocking Alfred Hitchcock of the "Birds", this is clearly intended as a zero-budget parody and I can not escape the impression that writer / director John De Bello never expected for his movie become like a hit. The film trends contemporary contemporary of the so-called "eco-horror" cinema (plants, animals and nature in general riot against humanity) and introduces the least ominous kind of imaginable type as slippery machine. A secret government farming project to produce larger and tastier tomatoes goes horribly wrong and soon relates to tomato-attack coming from nationwide. The president put together a special team to fight for the juicy enemy, including secret agents and highly specific areas of expertise with scientists and overheads immediately. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is very fun. As funny as it is, vegetable sight virtually jumps from the sink and attacks Homer's isteric is quite original and funny. The first half hour also has a lot of memorable moments like Hatian's theme songs, the "jaw" homage and the unfortunate helicopter crash (see the trivia section for more details) that made it to the final cut. And, however, everything becomes a tiring, unstructured and unbearable romantic disorder. The quality level of the jokes is cool and coined towards embarrassing and outright by comics and has too many characters and sub plots. Personally, I prefer the late 80's late and early 90's (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit from slightly better production value, the incredibly over-top-tomato special effects and the presence of veteran actor Jan Astin ("Family Addams") as Dr. Gangreen. But as previously said, the original inexplicable remains compulsory material look at some point in your life.
