The easiest way to describe this movie is as a satire. The target of the satire is quite vast, from the American U.S. Government corporate. It is also not a satirical sting, but rather a funny one. Think of this movie as a mix between the movie of Kent, film, aircraft and police squad, to do with a much smaller budget and not as funny. I can see how this film is a satire of many sci-fi films from the 50 and 60's. I see this movie as a major influence on Burton's mass attack. <br /> <br /> The draw is simple enough. Genetically engineered giant tomatoes go "crazy" and start attacking people and cities. At first there is a cover up, and then it blows over to the full blown war. The movie runs the character of character and characterization: Lois "Fairchild" (a Lois Lane script), a very ambitious Presidential Press Secretary, Clark Kent, Mason Dixon (FIA agent who does not work since Bay of Pig), a useless president (who only seems to be able to register with New York's attacks), an even inept Congress, a CEO marketing, and the Mason team consisting of an unusual German obese "female" swim, a dive diver, a paratrooper crazy crisis and a African-American disguised experts (disguised as George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Hitler and finally as a tomato). Have I forgotten too many, many and very tomatoes? There are all sorts of tomatoes from small tomatoes, giant tomatoes, tomato crushes, tomato juice and finally give men dresses as tomatoes. On top of all this, you also have a couple of music numbers. They are not good and seem to be armed. The best tune is by far the theme of the movie ("Attack of the Assassin Tomatoes"). It is too catchy way and you might end up crowning or singing it to the public. You must be warned. Most of the movie is quite fun and shows the absurdity of various real-life situations as well as various entertainment. I do not think I was induced to laugh, but mostly smiled and scratched myself. I definitely recommend this movie for fans of C and C classes, but only as a rental. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
