Well, I did not even liked this movie so much for its cult value. It's a movie action-flick movie, by the director of "Commando", which is also too far too humorous and comical to consider it a good B movie and amusement enough entertainment in it. 'The 90-movie movie is over but the first movie should remind a movie' 80's movie, when those types of b-movies were at an all-time high. These movies always went on the top and never pay much attention to its history or act. It was all about stuff blowing up, heroes of big muscles and bullets flying around. This movie has all that ingredient in it but yet I really did not like watching this movie as much as I like watching some similar movies in the movie. Difficult to say why really, since the story and acting to them are just as bad as might be in basically any other genre movie from the same era. <br /> It's probably because the movie is often far too funny. All these types of movies have its comic moments, but this movie is just full of it. The battle, Dolph Lundgren runs around the shirtless, characters, story. It all just is not very good because it's often just too bad for words. The story at times is not even trying to make a bit of sense and what's the same draw-line of the movie in general? Her story is all the place really and seems only to be written to create a movie out of and sequel fighting, fighting guns and those. And these sequences are not even very good to look really good. The times are too short and quite irritating to look really, from the man who made us "commando". <br /> It is first a Dolph Lundgren, in which he gets to play the big star hero action, who kicks butt and easily seemingly relative, knows how to handle guns and other weapons and of course also gets the girl , played by Tia Carrere. This also brings us one of the worst sequel to the story story story and also definitely one of the worst sex sequences I've seen in any movie really. Both are just too disabled for words and just very wrong to put together. <br /> <br /> None of the characters work out really. The good guys are cops but they never seem to behave like one. They simply kill around without facing responsibility to anyone and not very keen on doing any arrest, or informing anyone about their discovery. Not even when found a large Japanese criminal union trying to take the streets of L.A. with a brilliant beer working as a cover for a drug factory and large smuggling drug scale. Also, just think about it for a moment, what is Brandon Lee's overall goal in the movie? The film was easily done without him and the girl too. <br /> <br /> Too funny, lame and simplistic and just not fun enough.
