*** Warning - This review includes "crowd plot," though nothing could "spoil" this movie more than it already was. It really is that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I would like to let everyone know that this definitely is one of those incredibly bad-to-you-falling-on-laugh movies. If you're in a humorous mood and need a hearty laugh, this is the movie for you. Now, without further, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bargain bin at Wal Mart. This should be the first sign of how good it is in a movie. Second, it stars star star star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second sign of how good it is in a movie. I'm always shocked that he even put on DVD (which would have wasted money to do something like that), as you might imagine, there are no extras or foot bonuses on the DVD. In fact, there's not even a menu; The movie just begins to play. First <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> First, the writer for this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and is plagued with a terrible one-material; considerably incredible, false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's comment on the Lundgren, err manhood, which I'll mention later). There is not one single sincere sin liners in the entire movie. The dialogue and draw away hands-in-hand, like the script and draws both gains in a whole nonsense fashion. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at the beginning, and then for no reason at all, Lee's character crawls on the side of the road, running around to the other side of the car , and say `I will not let you go alone, 'cause despite myself, I love you! And I do not want to see you killing! . or anything at that level, anyhow. There is a disgusting one-material, especially in Lee. For example, when duking it out with a bad guy, Lee says `You have the right to stay silent. You have the right to die! "Lastly, I will mention entirely the appropriate comments and essences that Lee makes about the closest Lundgren region. When bad guys begin to attack after a shameful love scene from Lundgren and Carrère, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his panties, Lee says, "Incase us dead, I just wanted to let you know that you have the bigger Dick I've ever seen a guy. '. Yes, it actually says that. It does not make sense and it's not even possible (Lee never actually sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know?), But the writer cast it to the script anyway. The movie all looks like some kind of video game action, and Lee even admits. After Lee and the underwear-only Lundgren defeat all of these bad guys, Lee makes a comment that's also really cute: "Wow, this is sort of like a video game; we just beat the first wave!" <Br / > Secondly, the plot of this movie is jerky. It suffers, in my opinion, especially in the fact that it just does not exist. The trailer for this movie - which IMDB is available for viewing, by the way - makes it sound like The film is about two cops trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking on Objects Angeles. This is very misleading, however, since the movie has practically nothing to do with that at all. try to start a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the entire movie ACTUALLY revolves around a malicious writing for Kenner (Lundgren's character) to revenge the death of his parents, who Yakuza leader (called Yoshida) killed when he was only 9 years old. All the plots can basically be summed up like this: Yoshida wants Kenner to die, Kenner wants Yoshida to die, and the two try to kill each other. And of course all while sucking the sidrick Kenner (also called Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) acts as an absolute stupid, and Tia Carrere gets naked. twice. <br /> The act is one of the worst part of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, with its entirely painted in it to emphasize this even more. You would expect poor acting in action stars anyway, but this movie highlights some of the most unimaginably bad badges ever recorded. Finally we get into the heart of the movie baseness: the blatant action action. There are many unprecedented action sequences in this film, just impressive impressions are managed to fit them all in. Despite Lee having just shared it in the bad scene as well, most of the really awful action involves Lundgren. For example, Lundgren nonchalantly takes over four or five kung fu guys bad one-hand, without overthrowing his tea. Then, when surprised by an upcoming speed machine, Lundgren relaxed leaps over it. Or how about when it comes to a closed door, the evil tram on the other side, pull it back to the door, and beat it up? Or when taking Tia Carrere, slowly walks (not running) behind in a glass door that breaks around him, and cools down a one-story height and Tia is still in arms, only then lifting an entire car without the slightest effort and use it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All of the cynic gunfights are awful as well, and Lundgren and Lee kill all the bad guys instantaneously, while the rains of bullets from fifty attackers never seem to hit one of them. That is, of course, until the final battle scene of the movie. Lundgren receives empty shot in his chest in a region that even though he manages to miss his heart, would still begin to fill lungs with blood and kill him in a matter of seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in top-notch condition and manages her duke from the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil evil villain. And of course people pass through the dressing parade like the samurai bring real, completely sharp katana, which is used in two sword fighting. Now, in addition to its bullet injuries, Lundgren gets several deep slices of its chest and arms. Does this stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later after easy to kill the evil Yoshida (which is estimated at a dartboard-like wheel then fluttering in flames for no reason), Lundgren decrepitly cuts off with Tia and Lee as if it's not was wounded at all. God is terrible. <br /> All of these factors are then mixed with a totally unmistakable scene, free nude every five minutes, including topless women at a party, the cut of a topless woman, women in a strip club, naked women in a Japanese spa, with basin bath tub and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the rare sushi bar, in which the rich Japanese eat sushi off of naked women. Which, by the way, prompts Lee to say so much fake enthusiasm that after beating the bad guys he and Lundgren will go eat fish in these naked chicks! 'Which, of course, followed by a high five disturbing. And we can not forget the terrible correction either, as when the bandits are breaking a man trapped in a car in a junk lane, and the editors leave in a really obvious glimpse of a dizzy support. Credits also list an enormous list of cascading workers, which implies that a lot of the action probably has not been done by the movie stars after all. <br /> In the end, this movie repeatedly outdoes her self and wickedness bridegroom. It is logical and impossible, and as a result, considerably entertaining. If you are looking for any kind of thoughtful movies, this movie will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time to mock movie bad make, this movie will delight you. As a current movie, I'll deserve this movie a 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way of wasting an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
