Funny sounds that you can hear by your eyeball version of this extreme version of Jules Verne's classic "Travel to the Earth Center" is Verne spinning into her tomb. The only thing about this 80-minute opus that has nothing to do with "Journey to the Earth's Center" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this substandard production is new and not worth considering. In fact, the director wrote here at IMDb.COM that he headed only eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio studded on a part of his "Winterman" winterman Albert Pyun's window " foreigners from LA " and Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the producers have run out of money and meet the foreign contractual obligations, and Pyun's end plugins on the movie director Rusty Lemorande. Please do not rent or buy this piece of garbage in waste. Unlike Henry Levin's "Journey to the Center on Earth" period (1959) and James Mason and Pat Boone, the "Lemourand" Journey to the Earth Center "takes place in contemporary times in Hawaii. Two friends, a British nanny , and a dog brought together for the adventure of a purely life by coincidence. Richard (Paul Carafotes's "Blind Date") and his comic book obsessed Brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith in "Weird Science") will be out exploring a cave. The heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of "midnight"), works for a domestic service called 'Nannies R Us.' When a nanny dreamed Crystina's life-long, but he did a less of all five of his journal works. But his sympathetic supervisor, Ms. Ferry (Lynda Marshall in "Express Africa"), sent to Hawaii The new Crystina customer, the rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley at Doomsday) who plans a recent concert to revive his folly career, has a dog named Bernard. Murals want Crystina to take Bernard in a day spa Doggystyle Crystina is waiting to arrive at his cab when an assistant motel overlooking accidentally puts the basket hidden in Bernard in the jeep Richard.You see, mobs hiding his canine in a basket because motel management prohibits banning pet on their property The mob was disguising the dog as a human baby Anyway, Crystina captured a taxi and told the driver to follow Richard. After capturing them with his dogs, the cruises cabbie went off and abandoned it. Drive it back to town, but it has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins me dizzy and get lost, and then find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state led by a dictator, at the center of the Earth. The Chief of Atlantis repeatedly notifies the citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroines stumble over Atlantis quite by accident. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone looks straight from a punk rock opera. The Rule of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis in "Operation Squad Operation"), is orchestrating an attack on the surface and cloning of the first human, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland in "needed rigidity"), attending Atlantis. Predicted, General Rykov machinations for rendering Atlantis and overthrowing the neglected land, and our heroes and heroines save the day. <br /> <br /> The "Journey to the Center on Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to have a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorship. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite budget executives, but he blew it on this lightweight light of a science fiction legend.
