Journey to the Earth's Center is the story of some tourists in Hawaii, three of them brothers and sisters, and one of them a young British babysitter a dog. When siblings are accidentally driven into the jeep and the basket of dog biscuit, the nanny follows them (it might have just been safer to buy more) all the way to the cave brothers and sisters are intended to explore (i devine). For some reason, they actually go to the cave and then, when the place begins to spell, they try to get out of no avail, except for the sister-six sister who is told to go to help. Meanwhile, the more they move into the cave, the more they continue to plummet further and further towards the core of the cavernous earth. And look, is here where they find the city of Atlantis and its alien habits that live under the oppressive rule of an alien who does not want to be asked many questions about the outer worlds of their own. <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the director named in the movie gave commentary on this film, in which he explains that the part half of this movie is actually the end of aliens in LA Well, whatever it is It was, it was an amazingly cheap movie that I would classify just a little higher than City Limits (a 1988 Sci-Fi movie movie also made on a non-existent budget) because at least finishing this piece The most obnoxious film-making incoherent that cuts corners where it can be aimed for some humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the alien world at the center of the Earth. I also gave it a star rating rather than one because it was at times, comic, though only in its intricacies. For example, the foreigner asked the British girl if he is an alien and explains that the Ministry should send his work visa shortly. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains that she is in the city of Altantis and reads this mistake for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Little things like that make the idiocy in the first hour or so lofty. Imagine how big the movie could be if they had 1) actually intended to do it, and 2) actually had money to do it. <br /> I love how to end, there is no wonderful one that happened to the younger sister who was sent to the start of help. It would just be wandering around the Hawaiian Caves and not too far from the erupting volcano, your mind.
