Josh Hartnett's Jealous Jealous, written in this thick, and Harrison Ford being a comedy friend-cop! Here's the 3 reasons to hate it, avoid it, and use 116 minutes of your life better. These buddy-cop movies are fun. However, real golden age was back in the 1980s and 1990s. Be the one who tries to combine action and comedy of the police in Hollywood itself is sure a good idea, but the final result has turned out to be not at least a parody of the subgenre, but a reason to ask mercy all past cinemas of the same type whereas the worst of being by all means greater than (Hollywood homicide). What really happened to this entertaining formula? Since a whole decade things were not the same. You would have a friend flop shareholder action after another. I will delight you with some titles to catch the disaster: (I Spyware - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxi - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004), and the worst of them all again (Miami Vis - 2006)! <br /> I believe that one of the reasons is the natural case of saturation after many similar flicks as cinemas and television shows for 2 decades already. Additionally, particularly here, facing negligent and humorous humor. Currently the subject matter is totally unbearable. Yes, we had the characters of 2 loyal cops with second jobs, and the background of sin city, but what else was new? It's not about cliché; It's about remaking some mixing and cliche where both have been seriously done. <br /> <br /> The act, especially from (Hartnett) to the side, is terrible. This guy is nothing but a comedy (or actor!). So his character wanted revenge for his father's death! Revenge on yourself, it's probably dead from watching your act !! Even the small roles were people who have nothing to do with comedy (or that's what they've got to be here anyhow!). The direction fails to introduce something funny or harsh, some parties manage to be very dull (arrest the black guy in the shortage); It is a rare time to be boring in what is supposed to be action / comedy! They did not use Hollywood itself whether as an irregular place where there were ugly figures behind the superficial charm, or even as a place in full of shining or falling stars (cameos that could have given him some interesting moments ). <Brr /> <br /> It's a very easy movie that relies on being watchable not only to its glamorous star, and as being a Buddy-back movie to end up as one of the worst cases in 2 star and non-chemistry on the screen (one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself! Guess who !!), and a buddy-gyrus destroyed more than film! God, not me, or my children, live enough to witness (Hollywood homicide Part 2)! At last, looking at Ford's Harrison performance, he wanted to have a good time, but at least we did not.
