Movie films. Completely refreshing. There is no chemistry at all between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The scene chase cars just go over and over and on nauseum ads. They manage to change their cars a few times, but always end up right on the tail of the villains. The scene where Hartnett grabs the family car and children shouting to the back was as stupid as they can. He is telling them about Eastern philosophy and how it is all right to die, which I imagine the writers thought were funny or even witty. It just came as moronic, totally incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subplots did not even explore, were just used as filler. Why does Hartnett get sick to see dead bodies again holding commander burgers at crime scene? Why, and so on, is the ill IA suddenly arrested from the blue by the prince? Why can IA pick up the friends' flicks and then just let them answer the phones or pretend to be Indian mystical and then just let them waltz out there without much as a slap on the wrist? For some reason, though Ford is discovered as a scam with a fraud when acting as a realtor, he makes up the prices when trying to sell the producer's home Jack up its own commissions), to keep coming back to him all the way! They knew he was lying for both of them! But there were, come in terms that both said they would never go for. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of these copies where they just want to fire on public streets with no care in the world for innocent spectator. There were, just standing on the sidewalk exploded away while ducked people to cover. Amazing that they did not hit one person after he fired about 60 rounds each ... <br /> <br /> The script was awful, the action sequences were boring, the plot just a sidestory in an attempt Very sad for us to root for Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And Ford's phone! Turn the damn thing over! How often does it ring in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustratingly aggravated by the midpoint of the movie! Every 30 seconds, that stupid music would play! But if it was not the Ford, then the Hartnett was ringing! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> Complete waste of time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Day 7 Nights, which was without a doubt, the lowest point in his distinguished career.
