Well this movie actually makes me feel so strongly that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It is sponsored by AWFUL! DO NOT make sense of this movie. There are too many subplots for a start. The character of Josh Hartnett is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor as well as a similar cop living way beyond his means and only teaches hot girl yoga (some of whom wait naked in her jacuzzi for air he returned from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a crooked cop who just happened to be in the current crime being investigated by the hapless Duo. Character Harrison Ford is trying to sell real estate on the side and he is sleeping with former ex-wife of the investigator who is going to run a psychic radio show that Ford's character calls from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> I can not remember the character names (this kind of forgettable this is) so I'll refer them as Ford and Hartnett. Then there's the dialogue that is brutal. I mean cringe-inducing thing here. Throw in every cliche in the book (have a heart-to-heart in a black bar during the day on a drink where the barman knows his name; the duo was investigated by internal affairs (why?); Hartnett confronted his father's assassin there) and you had one hell of a mess. As I mentioned the plot is preposterous and continuity is non-existent: 1) When Ford's car was repossessed, how did hell tell the rest guys to know where it should pack? Did he follow it? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it's just so that only signs from the crime scene (an earring) are reproduced on the broken body there (lucky!) 3) When they are arrested and they took in to questioning - Ford kept answering his phone with Hartnett "center itself" and a yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking the phone from the Ford IAA guy waiting for it to ring each time and then try to grab it on the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the IA girl officer and Hartnett are brushing her head all over her. Then inexplicably, the two are released without any question. 4) While Hartnett's car rides is crashing and breaking his way around Hollywood but then suddenly the car is perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chased the bad guy in the building and he came to the elevator how the hell he knows which floor the bad guy got in ?? 6) When the two are chasing the bad guy around in hartnett's car, Ford tries to close a real estate deal. Come! 7) The bad guy is the most compelling file execution ever. His motivation to kill an aspirant group in his label labeling? They might leave her label, and it's a warning to keep her loyal group. But hang on, how is it ever going to sign anyone new with this business plan ?? 8) Why is the IA guy who is investigating Ford arrested at the end? There is no explanation !! 9) and Hartnett gets used to "acting" to take the bad guy to the end. <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone who is deeper into this movie than a right action comedy needs to examine themselves because it is all right. There is nothing else it! It is not supposed to be saturated or ironic. It's just crap.
