Three large tiger sandwiches (which were created in a lab from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic tool" from fossil materials) on the rampage accidentally set free in a series of events (eg the geek virus introduced them order to unlock security measures to keep the resort gift shops closed during construction & security guard a left open gate while searching for the missing page of a porn magporn that has gone far into the breeze that threatens the lives of those he comes in contact with. The dogs are still hungry, but they can not digest what they eat. So pretty much the tiger just rip the animals off shreds. Victims include a group of college children (the stereotypes include a goth girl, jock and nerd technology), security personnel, and those who develop little wealth of people we may well despise and wish terrible deaths. Rounding out a series of bad sci-fi channels, the Sabretooth attack has some of the most bizarre computer simulations I've seen yet. And, the final death sequence is so sadly presented, you will be demanding of the deepest depths of your soul the time spent on this truly terrible exercise of cannons of animal characteristics. There are some good humor looking from the head that are torn from strokes, but even here the prosthetic work is compelling. Prostatic body parts and bloody aplenty as victims are pronounced, cry for help and get any. I start sounding like a broken file, repeating myself to every user comment I write for these Sci-Fi cops. I think maybe it's time to move to other movies. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman that he is not really the former brother-in-law producer, Nicholas Bell, a single "Primal Park" opening, a resort / zoo featuring tigers to create tigers as its biggest attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still quite yummy, is a security officer trying to persuade Bell to get investors hoping to goad money in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is to keep a mechanic running smoothly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate in the end, from a tooth that moves from a sandpaper to tiger statue is the holes. Carradine spends a great deal of the movie overhead at Bell, her omni arch. Tiger of point-of-view shows people in a bright color as it moves toward them. The film finally consists of market characters in dark corridors (the nerd virus technology cut off power) worried about security. Collegiate children commit crimes and entering certain certain items (it's a hunting type of activity) enters a fraternity / sorority. Throw to play these kids does not lift up their claws.
