The movie starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell) to Robert Goldinger (Robert Carradine) at Primal Park. A secret project mutating a first beast using DNA jellyfish, such as ¨Jurassik Park, and some scientists resurrecting one of the most foliage nature predators, Saber's tiger or Smilodon. Scientific ambitions turn extremely dangerous, however, and when the high voltage fence opens the escape of animals and starts to violence practicing its creatures - human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile some teens enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and they Do not attack a huge package of prehistoric animals that are deadlier and larger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his companion (Brian Wimmer) fight hard against the Carnivora Smilodons. The Sabretooths, themselves, of course, are the stars stars and they are surprised terrifyingly if not convinced. The giant giants are following their animals and the group runs afloat and fight against one of the most frightening nature predators. In addition, a third Sabretooth is more dangerous and slows its victims. The film delivers the goods with lots of blood and gore as cutting head, hair-raising thrill, full of seizures when Sabretooth are revealed with special mediocrity effects .The story provides exciting and vibrant entertainment but its results are quite boring .The Giant Beads is mostly done by computer generators and looks totally disgusting .During performances even though players react appropriately to foods. The operators provide vigorous physical performance to dodge animals, run, tie and lean or hang on the walls. And it packs a ridiculous final deadly scene. Children's names are not realistic, bloody and violent attacks. Other films on Sabretooths or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨by James R Hickox and Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the Best ¨10,000 BC (2006) by Roland Emmerich and Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This motion picture filled with bloody times is well governed by George Miller and has no originality because it takes too much element in previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for TV (Tidal Waves, Journey to the Earth Center, and many others) and occasionally for movies (the man from Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Below average, bottom of barrel.
