I give this a note of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this movie. It looks like American International (a studio that specializes in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - slicing a two-hour film in a 64 minute movie! Plus, many of these 64 minutes were new materials (like the "monsters") - so you know that this film carries almost no similarity to the original. The original film appears to be a rather straightforward drama on the Soviet conquest of space - though I'm really not sure what it was originally! For the insight of the original movie, she reviewed the Steven Nyland - it was very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet Sci-Movie I've seen that American-International has bought and then hacked apart to make a "new" movie - standard practice in a company wanted to put just about anything on the screen to make a buck - bay, of course, it did not cost them more than a buck in first place !! This American film was about two rival powers (US and US) powers trying to be the first in March. The trick "bad guys" try but fail and the "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then head to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily blocked on a moon in March where they see some monsters (added by American International) who REAAAALLY cheesy and one brings the similarity to a part of a female anatomy. Then they are saved - return to Earth Heroes. The bottom line is that the film was stuffed - turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for the time) turned into a C-class movie. Therefore, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I just shocked that the awful A-I did and this movie was not convinced to refuse to sell more the movie films! It's worth a look for a laugh, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So the movie is a dude - not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie movie and too dopey to be taken seriously. I would really like to see this movie in its original form - it must have some pictures.
