Monster is a numbingly awesome movie about a bad Indian concrete factory (with anything else in Hollywood?) Water pollution in the Colombian town of Chimayo somehow creates a cat cat animal as a predilection for lambs and women laugh. James Mitchum is Bill Travis who is sent down to Chimayo by Barnes-lips boss who himself can not hold his hand from behind his secretary to get to the bottom (pun intended) in the story. While in Chimayo Bill must be sustained with an annoying reporter who apparently emits all of his stories in perfect English directly back to America. I guess the sixties had a walk for news in South American cities. There is also a radical called Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory for polluting the water that, by the way, also provides the city and work for the locals, but why let cold economic heart find in the way of touch-feely enviro-Marxism . The boss's boss factory is unwittingly assisted by the monster when she had sex with her ex-girlfriend on the beach, telling her that she saw daughter of the mayor Juanita and she's on between them, then she is rapidly eating that night a. A little side action without the evidence. My hat is my lord. John Carradine is cast as a priest who believes the monster is sent by God to punish those who sinned. You may be contemptuous about being in this movie in her face. May be as filmed in the local currency exchange to see if his check did not bounce. <br /> <br /> Supposedly based on a true story, so much to say twice in the open credit, this movie is terrible on all fronts. The film began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on the throat Monster by adding two annoying children to her as new characters, even wearing her daughter, Andrea in bills head with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is nonexistent and most of the scenes seem as if someone smeared pitch on the camera before filming. This is made even more tiring during the many scenes performed at night. The Monster itself is ridiculous as it stirs its ugly head to the anticlimactic tire. James Mitchum and his Chris brothers are proof that nepotism in the acting industry needs to be cramped. Unwatchable incredible holes. Shame on you John Carradine.
