While not exactly offensive, the 1967 version of the "Dangers of Pauline" is certainly Moronic. The title might lead you to expect a tribute to Pearl White (Pauline's original in the Silence Episode 1914 ceremony) but for that you would be better served by the 1947 version of Betty Hutton. This version of 1967 is such a mixture of "Royale Royale" and the weakest of the Elvis movies. Worst of all it is not a mixture of these, but more like someone scotch-glued along segments from each so that the jumping thing returns to the idea of ​​the two styles. <br /> What units have in the output from pairing in Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman), a good match because both the same basic shortage of acting skills (imagine Mandy Moore playing opposite Dan Quayle). Austin would later play opposite John Aston's "Evil Roy Slade", and the gap between them is actually painful to watch. In the Mid-60 he was the girl's Dodge Rebellion, as it was featured in a similar series of Dangerous-Imaginary Sandra Dee's situation in a dark blue stroke. When the automotive agency's announcement replaced him with the girl's Dodge Fever, someone had the idea of ​​shining her in a feature film. <br /> What story here is starting with Pauline growing at the Baskerville Foundation Home run by the actress who played Mrs. Chatsworth Osborne Sr. on "Dobie Gillis". George fell in love with her (Pauline-by Mrs Osborne) and several different opportunities she had to admit. George left searching for his fortune and 19-year-old Pauline became a tutor working for a rich young Middle East oil chef. When she tries to add the blonde to attract her harem she runs away and goes out of danger to danger. These include African pygmies, a million-year-old millionaire who wants to freeze it until her one-year-old son is old enough for marriage, the film industry, and the Russian space program. intended to be funny and charming, but managed only the funny part. There are some efforts to incorporate a silent watch look at the sequences of actions by simulating under-repeating a camera (which speeds up the action). Unfortunately everything else (stock movie, production design, editing) is depressingly 1960. There is nothing here even approaching the idols of Pearl White attached to a bottle moving toward a buzz-seen or tied to train track waiting for the train to approach. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
