In a summery summer sales like reckless stinkers as snakes on a plane and the Da Vinci Code, which is in a very dark statement. Here I stand by this. Back Superman, like King Kong 6 months before, is overlong, hyper-indulgent and CGI up to the eyeballs. My God, this thing makes myself in. .. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea to 'keep it real' for its 2 trips. And I found her approach to the special effects and optics to be the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombard us with many CGIs that he really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching a wannabe blockbuster who thinks the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (a total amount of irresponsible of money) on negative visual effects that do not live up to the hype. We've seen everything and everywhere CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or participation in that. And for a movie that is 95% made up of this crap ... well you figure it out. <br /> I've read many reviews from critics fanboy about how the movie has 'souls' or 'a human heart' or 'tender character moment'. Puh-lease! We've already had superhero brooding silently screaming 'you'd love me if you knew who I am' dozens of times already in recent years and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the plot is recycle garbage. Lex Luthor (a seriously mis-cast and hammy Kevin Spacey) draws to destroy the land of America made in the first movie already! And, well ... that's a lot of you! It's amazing that they managed to draw out this junk 2.5 hour painful! Though the cast was unlikely it would make it less unbearable. But Brandon Routh has the personality of the screen in a hat, Kate Bosworth is completely compelling as a Pulitzer-winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% wooden, as usual and Kevin Spacey really needs either fire his agent or get some better judgment. The only cast member I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey. But I'm in a strange-looking girl. <br /> <br /> Every year movie like this gets bigger and more bombs. Just soon we will have $ 300 million film. Studios need to realize that perhaps they should start looking down instead of getting up. For all money that Warner has spent on this pile of crap, for all the resources that this movie costs ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This garbage put me in superman for life!
