It really does not matter that the superb comedy naive books and targets are ten years old. What is important is that "Superman Returns" is bad movie. <br /> At the beginning, a question for you Dear readers, how many of you actually believe that Superman will be beaten by bald Kevin Spacey? Anyone? Just as I thought. No flaws here. So let's get into some major issues right now. First, this movie looks like commercial (scene of the bar and superman / Clark Kent drinks Budweiser is just the same scene as it is supposed to be). Imagine commercial of Superman, two and half hours long. Let's make sure this is not "Amadeus" or "The Departed". You actually feel, that this movie is a way too long. And special effects are not so special in the way. Second, the scenario is funny. Sometimes even if something is acceptable in comics, in movies it looks just stupid. And it's like that in this case. Of course the dialogues are disappointed. I can not believe someone has taken the money to write them. How often will we eat and talk to wicked people? How often will the laws be violated? (Jesus is not only the issue of Superman's forces, but also the resistance to material he faced.) How often will Lois Lane be fooled by Kent? How often are Hollywood producers looking for a story in a comic book? Since there is hard to do a good story, why is there a weak story for a starter? It just does not work. Guy, get an outlet. Try harder, please. Or just stay on this strike forever, who cares. I got to feel that WGA is forever on strike. No offense. I'm not questioning the money lame those people are paying, but the quality of the product is delivered. In this case there is no quality at all. (At this point you can ask yourself: is it bad? Yes it is.) <br /> Third, low acting, which is quite a surprise since Bryan Singer (Often Often) is leading. Kevin Spacey is having fun, but it's the only one. Audience is rather not in the attitude of jokes. The thing is that funny books hero can develop in real personality, with clear motivation but also with doubt, fear, some depth. In this case nobody made that job, and the characters are not really interesting. <br /> <br /> Finally, all efforts of creators turn this movie into parody. The second unit is so bad that attracts attention, since nothing is interesting to go on screen anyway. More difficult to try (if they try), the funnier it gets (but it's not laughable You might expect). The final conclusion? A word: shame. <br /> <br /> This particular film, lady and gents, is camping. Do not waste your time and do not waste your money too. Stay home, read a book.
