This movie was very wrong design at all angles except techno. I stood up and watched everyone Waddle out of the theater, the faces poured out like the flashing eyes before their eyes - looking at the neighbors, wondering if it was fair. I mean, how the movie really can be bad. Nobody'll admit it, it's a classic case of the Emperor Put by Cloth. "Who am I asking a movie with a guy standing a jet liner?" But the fact remains, every member of the audience will think what I write now. I actually plagiarize their faces. Obviously Lois is only excited by power, he will not even have a cup of coffee and the superman and glasses that do not stop jet liners. He can not look at his "eyes" in the depths of his soul or anything like that. In the old supermans, he had some levels of connection with him, he was not the number one priority 1, obviously, but he strengthened his character that he was "worn". I bet Henry Kissinger would even have won this Lois on Clark Kent. <br /> <br /> And now it's official, Kryptonite made Superman who eats at McDonalds doing the avg. people. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN "A" He lost his father Earth, then finding his real father super, the story is fascinating every step of the way. It's human, it relates to people and it feels love for people, it relates to high school students, it relates to those who feel different. It relates. Superman returns to the superman seems to relate only to Superpeople and it seems he's just "doing a job" when he's saving people. <br /> There's something about Clark that Lois loves, she's really internally in love with her, but she may not admit it, and when she comes to the picture as Superman, she throws a pork into the like on- stones. Without superman, it would have fallen in love with Clark (at least that, the movie dots, if it was the intention or not). Back Superman is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a pile of sailor Lois. Literally. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN I just watch it again. As a kid, I "thought" I enjoyed the action, but now I know it was the story that kept me then also watching it over and over again. If I've seen revenue becoming a child, I would hate it then too, I think. <br /> <br /> There are many hearts and souls with great power to go through this movie, it's sick. Superman gives up his power for love like a world plot that will be over and meanwhile, while, the Lex Luther had something fantastic up his sleeve. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN THREE Now there is a love story three-way between Superman and Lana and Clark, only humanity win and Clark's inner nature defeated Superman's power, because when his SUPERmoral nature goes with it is SuperHUMAN (who does things with his great power) and sees it by the power of Superman that he is in love with, not SUPERPOWERMAN, but SUPERMORTAL that he loves - and who's really SUPER. But when he told Clark he "prefers" him to Superman, he is elated, he made a human connection again. He wants to be accepted for who he is, not only for his ability to fold steel. This is a little bit of couples who are straining from SUPERMAN to return. <br /> <br /> Clark super-esteem Help the kid get a strike - humanity again. Plus, it's an INERESTING use of superpowers. It is not just using brute force right. She broke the charcoal in a diamond for her woman because she was selling her money, love is the only thing that drives her to use her power other than saving. <br /> It seems nothing at stake at Superman. Even in Superman Three, we see the damages caused by the dominance of world domination nemesis .. we see suffering, we see how it effects Pryor and others and people among it .. there is no damage, esp. emotional out of Lex's plot shed the US. We see a globe of crystals threw into space. Superman found very creative in the first three Supermans in order to stop the draw against him and he could not just "access" his superpower. In the first one, he stopped two missiles going in different directions and then broke his universal wars and erased history to save Lois' life ... (this was THIRTY year ...) In the second , having Outmart three guys that he was already more POWERFUL than, but combining with Lex's genius, and illogical ills tactics, the Superman horsepower was not enough, he had to work against each other and outsmart them. In Superman III, again, his great power was not enough to win .. He had to outsmart a computer that calculates everything he saw He could not use right assault on the computer because he calculated It's in advance, so he had to use a benign acid that would only become very dangerous to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression. And he found that acid earlier than he could not simply using his great power to break out a fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his superstrains - he could not bring water, so he froze a lake and fell on the fire .. Now, at Superman, he simply lures the island into outerspace, like a nights temple for ups. He does not need to figure anything out, he just uses it "super force". And brightly, Lex Luther showed the premeditation level of a junkie that just ran out of junk. To say nothing of the fact that he threw this island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a KNIFE of right kyrtonite in the blood and the island itself shed kryptonite sports in his face, but he just avoided his eyes 'and nose like it was not Gray Coupon he was looking at.
