First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely felt like I was watching a video game. There, that's the ultimate thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would just like everyone reading this to take note that I can not even put in the word how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> I have many complaints about the movie, but four big jumps in mind. My first complaint was made with incredible cheziness in the "plot twist" (if you can call it since most people probably see it come a mile away) where the 5-year-old son turns out to be the super-market child of Superman. When the super-kids cry out to launch a piano in Lex's lech to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could make a superman movie better without resorting to cheap gymmicks as a child open to fragile but super-market illegitimate earth. It was 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> The next bigger complaint I made with the fact that Superman lifts a continent made from cryptite up into outer space. It does not take funny book guys from the Simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comic books Brian Singer have read, but when Superman is exposed to even a small amount of cryptite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Anyone who had the idea of ​​flying a huge island made from his biggest weakness in space no business has been associated with any project related to Superman ever again. The concept is as ridiculous as to make a Dracula film where the title character has a stake to his heart and still manages to fly a container made from garlic in the sun. Why not only have kryptonite superman food supplements? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in pajamas kryptonite. That's not any more absurd then it launched a continent of kryptonite in space and then fell into force in the atmosphere without burning into re-entry or splattering all over central park when it hit ground a. <br /> <br /> My third complaint has to do with the fact that singer hits movie-viewers across the face and the religious film of the whole movie. I have to take issue with the character of Superman as the only son of a god like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a Savior. Jor-el was not all-wise, it was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to be a Savior, and threw him into a rocket and hurriedly shot him in space because his planet was about to explode. I'll buy alegre in Christ if Brian Singer can show me part of the Bible where God sends Christ to earth because the sky was about to explode, and then then radioactive into the sky became the primary weakness of Christ. In addition, the scene of "crucifixion" where Luthor seams Superman in the side with a "javelin" cryptite just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until I'm too brain-dead to notice the syllabi's obviously brazen and inappropriate which will taint the man in steel for the foreseeable future. They might as well rename this movie "Back Superman: The Passion of Christ". <br /> Then talk about Luthor, my last complaint and Singer's addiction to Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a clever, cold-hearted business tycoon that is more just running for President (which he does in the comics) than trying to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; He wants them to be in charge, do not wreck everything. But Luthor's back Superman Returns, as well as all the extra movies before, is a wacky theater that comes up with the rapid destruction of the world. If singer had the slightest loyalty of the characters instead of (quite awful) ancient superman movies, this movie could not be such a unbearable travesty. Perhaps Singer's next singer's project can be a Batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of Batman from 1960's television show. ZAM! WHAP! POW! <br /> <br /> For summary, I do not know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that many seem to be giving it good reviews. Everyone has the right to the opinions, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this movie to see if you have not already. Do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on DVD, do not rent it ... fundamentally does not contribute any money towards it in any way. This movie does not deserve to make any money. In fact, I think that for everybody watching this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. If you're a superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you will get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
