The majority of Stephen King's brief stories are little gems, and original ideas that do not take a long time to develop; Basically lean and mean - it sets up quickly in a rare number of pages, or reads it, and you're finished before you know you started. They are like the equivalent of a carton of fry McDonald's - they taste really good and you know there are valuable nutritional in them (re: from a literary way, they do not say much about the human human condition), but you still will scarf 'down, just do not make a pig and go for the extra-super-size portion and fill up too much fat ("excessive fat" is a metaphor for the prose of the royal novel when finding yourself reading one of them says it comes - enough with the pop-cultural or clever observations Yankee asides - get on with the story already!) He compiled four books in short story collections. I've read all - from NightShift to the last, all in all, and they all show an effectiveness of getting-to-point that is sometimes sorely lacking in its sized-novel. But short stories he never overstay greeted them ... who brought us into the TV adaptations of Nightmare When Dreamscapes ... How in Hell were (producer of the series) to find a green - Light to turn history that usually averages 15 pages in 50 episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King." History and name on them probably did not come cheap, and showed one help to allow more advertisers than those hour hours, so ... what should be an anthology of mostly 23 or 24 minute episodes have been turned back Double-lingual, and double-time trading ... Ka-Ching! <br /> I will not waste time to overturn the cemeteries of these stories - this review assumes you have previously read the stories and / or seen the show; What follows is simply my gut reaction that TNT presents ... In the four installments so far, here's my ten cents (from first worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground - By a classic by any means, but hey, how can one argue and hold William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? With reference to the language-in-the-fly and destruction of Chicken Zuni's doll from the horror trilogy has proved to me the producers (and the writer of the teleplay, Richard Matheson's son - the writer of TOT) knew missions And this one made the deadly action, but at the same time, fun. It took more time to get to Hurt's apartment than it should have, but I think it fulfilled its purpose. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Last Umney's Case - liked this primarily because of William H. Macy's performance. I think the writer / Umney should appear in the earliest story of the private eye / Umney beginning because it was the actual fact of the story, and anyone familiar with the short story (probably half, if not more at the hearing) knew the Chandleresque set-up was due to get interrupted by the writer's reality, so let's get on with it already, and cut-out pretty and smart hard-boiled to repartive 'Private Dick's teaser already. Once the author's family tragedy / Omney began to reveal though, I thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (me, at least), feeling sympathy for Macy's real life attempt to rescue her by uzurping exciting fictional creation of life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> End of all the mess - Uh, this title is how I felt about this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes, I was ready to call the TV - OK, we found it already, the younger brother is a mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know Ron Livingston is talking to the camera ("Time is running for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young teenage bra will discover something really bad for mankind - we know that because he already built a plane but almost died because he could not drag him out of the way of a tree; and, he blown up chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry (to think that at the end of the world could be prevented if only this kid had some more parenting oversight). So much time was wasted on establishing the uber-genius of Henry Thomas, when we finally found the resolution of his discovery - at the end of the world of intensifying idiocy - how much we get to see in the world "finish?" - A Good video shot of a reporter begins to forget what he reported, and short radio broadcasts announce the day of trial is at hand. Oh, and the brother's brother drooling and singing old songs. My point is, if your story is really about "end all the mess (world)", I want to see the "mess" as it's up to flames and crashes and burns. Speaking about finishing with a whimper, indeed. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - This episode just ticks me in totally. I could have lived with the exhibit taken forever in the happy couple arriving at the hotel, playing slap-and-satisfying, having lunch, and getting a taxi (which was half the episode of the right), Once they finally crossed the Crouch End Episode released their thrill, but it failed miserable. Not only did not fear, it was practically ridiculous. Ooh, look - a kitty ... wait and turn ... Oh my God! Look at her scary eyes! Uh-huh. They could go a long way towards filming the end Crouch sequence at night instead of daylight, too. Things you could unintentionally find funny can become scarier when you see them in the night shadows. But I guess the budget was not high enough to shoot at night on the London London lying down for this one. On the page, this is a very scary story about wandering tourists in places that should not be with terrible things that might persist just around the corner. The only people in this adaptation were directed to acting - these were really terrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall Series Average (so far): 4/10
