No one goes to a movie like The Hills Have Eyes 2 and hopes to come second Citizens Kane. The same is true for the majority of low-pitched flickers, especially those Roger Ebert was dubbed "Dead Teenager Movie." Hills Have Eyes 2 definitely qualifies as a dead teenager movie, only here, the adolescents have given the appearance of superficial military assistants. Some will discuss the line "It's only a movie" when reality doubts are raised in a movie review, but I've always been a firm believer that true fantasy must be rooted in reality in order to be effective. In the hills there are 2 eyes, we believe that the main characters are military men on a training exercise, but they look and talk like high school children in the desert. The dialogue is terrible and often overwhelming. Though these films are not nearly comparable, I keep up to imagine these "soldiers" being in platoon, and stuffy and scary. <br /> <br /> Very little about the characters recall a soldier other than rifles and fatigue: radio transmissions are carried out like teen phone conversations; A Colonel is addressed as "hey, stupid" by a private. And nobody seems to have the slightest idea what to do, or any sense of order structure, when things start to go wrong. I think of the soldiers of James Cameron's aliens, a film of pure fantasy, and how even those futuristic Marino behaved like real soldiers despite their fantastic situation. Fantasy root in reality. <br /> I try to start watching a movie as a 5 on a scale of 10 and judging it with strength and weakness from there. You have to allow concessions for the material; There is no way Star Wars is as good in a movie as the godfather, on equal terms. But both are excellent examples of their quality. In that respect, while the hills have eye 2 is a very obnoxious exercise of amateur writing and immatureity, it's only muddled worse in that regard than the typical Teen Dead Movie. On the one hand, the film appears to have decent production value and is very well made out of this perspective. Scenes that involve shock, or are intended to suspend emergencies or generally work tasks. So, while watching the hills have 2 real eyes is a fate worse than death, there are certainly far worse horror cops in circulation. <br /> It's worth a look for those who enjoy this type of thing without the usual luggage fanb, or those who do not tend towards thinking every movie they see is either the best leg or worst of all ever. If you do not "get" horror, especially the variety of teens, you're not likely to have a good time with this one.
