THHE renewal was a superior movie rumor in every way. Most rumors completed total garbage but under the very talented direction of Alexandria Aja has become one of the best ever ever made in terms of remade and also as far as mutant inbreed sub-genre of concerned horrors. In Step 2 part headed by Martin Weisz and written by the father and son of Combo of Jonathan and Wes "I can not make a good horror movie to save my life again" Craven and if this is any The indication of Weisz's leading skill and the young Craven writes our skills all for a painful future as THHE 2 not only fails to be as good as the first, but also fails to entertain on any level. <br /> <br /> We start off with a mutant graphics birth frame that even if it is rather cool will not prepare you for the utter garbage that is coming, only hinting at what could have been in this movie a. We then get to see a crew scientist who all are briefly presented and sent by our radiation rejection. At the stage we throw the main of the army reserve to save the day, this is where bigger issues start. <br /> <br /> From many sub acting (yes even for this kind of movie) to the horrible characters of the lack of true carnage for most of its running time THHE 2 becomes a job to look as a lot in nothing happens as idiotic soldiers make mistakes after mistakes only meet have crushed by the mutants, but themselves. Thinking of the Marines of Alien is just the exact opposite and you have the idea of ​​how these soldiers are trained. This is the true shame of the movie as most of Hills the occupants do not get the kill you would like to see, as in the first movie, in fact if this did not have THHE 2 attachments at the beginning with the brief overview In the Beginning to tie this wound in the first this could almost be an original sci-fi channel. <br /> <br /> The mutant mountainbut as well as not as fun this time around in fact in a lot of ways to far inferior to the bunch before we all come off as they were rather bottom-up and refreshing . Also the one who took the cake was the sluggard swamp (you know Sloth from the Goonies) that helps them out of the 3rd act. I was waiting for her to ask for a Baby Ruth or start going on Rocky Road Cream. Surely disappointing and shame is the only way to describe most of them going on here. <br /> <br /> The gore is in the movie but not nearly as visceral as the original in fact it seemed tone down for the most part other than the birth of baby infants there really is nothing to stand out as in the first. Another great strike against this movie. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. This felt like a specially designed sequel to the success of the first and does not actually make a "good" movie. <br /> I can go on the top SGT exercise., This radio person has a speech ban (right, is it kind of guy i want the radio to help in a real crisis) or the pazifis fighter similar to the exact same character character as our "hero" in the first movie but I believe you get the point. This film is not even in the same league or even the same planet as the first. It should have been given another title and added to Saturday night Saturday on the Sci-Fi Channel. A true shame as a solid end could have made, but it looks like another movie horror that drops the ball on almost every level and will get one of my lowest scores as I give THHE 2 the same score as its part : 2/10 Serious: Words can not describe how bad this movie is a totally polar opposite of its predecessor in any way, uninspired and down-right unnecessary. Next guy if you're going to make a bad end ... do not even bother. Please do not go to this dump of theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
