I have no horror movies, but my wife's niece and nephew. So I saw the movie first. It was rude, and tense, but not my taste. Still good if. For similar reasons, at that very moment, I was exposed to an end. <br /> <br /> The situation itself is beyond absurd. I can buy these disasters in the wilderness. I can buy that mutant that exists. I can even buy that events might be so strange and weird that the military can decide to participate. It is easy, yes, but I want to stop my beliefs. But there are no circumstances I want to believe that the military squad assigned to reconciliation of this area would be able to unravel the mutants. When a member of the United States Army, I can assure that while recruiting freshly can miss the epic eyes and combat soldiers experience, any recruiting should be integrated into a capable squad. Soldiers are not about to be taken out of a few mutants and knives. It's just how it works. Moving squad, really superior firepower, and of course, radio support, would ensure nothing less than total victory. I do not say you would not have crash, but as soon as the area was verified as hostile, military training would take priority, no-one would go on their own ones to use the toilet. /> But if he discovered that the area was so infested with hostiles that the squad could handle the danger would be the radio for backup. And believe me, the radio would not be blocked, if there was a chance that normal radio would not do, the squad would have a military issue of satellite problems. Chances are, if they were able to check in every hour, they would call a search. <br /> <br /> In order to accept this movie, you must accept that our soldiers are incompetent crazy, with incompetent leaders, and an incompetent chain in order. While it can still be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lethar with a map and compass, our military forces are full of intelligent, well trained, competent soldiers. Mutants and knives are far below our ability to deal with. With the whole execution of the movie depends solely on the impossible to imagine, the movie fails to deliver. Instead, we hope that our soldiers, seafarers, and airports are able to cope with the most common threats. <br /> As a combat veteran, I get the insult movie.
