Is not anyone else tired of that old alien 'where an almost dead person appears in a horror movie, giving us some information, and then explaining himself off for any apparent reason? I know I am. <br /> <br /> The sad ring is that it's used in this movie is worthless. If you've seen the first movie (the first note I should say) then the information provided is completely worthwhile, because you'd already know it. I guess, you can that it is not worth the main character .. but then why the exot shot himself at the top? Does he want to live? Sure, he would die anyway .. <br /> This is the second movie to be titled "The Hills Have Eyes II." First, the end of the original 70's film. This is where it gets a little complicated for someone like me. Look, I probably belong to the minority of my age that even knew there was a HHE2 to begin with, much less an original HHE1. And now that we have an end to a remake and the fact that this sequel is called exactly as the end of the original HHE1 ... it just makes it worse! But anyways .. <br /> Original Hills Wes Craven's eyes have been decent. In the end, though, the idea was much better than the presentation, but most likely had a low budget. To be honest, Wes Craven is not good at a horror director. It has only made a few good movie movies (nightmare on Elm St., New Nightmare), a few people well (Call) and a bunch of horrors (Curse, Shocker, Vampire in Brooklyn). Oh yeah, and it did swamp things, as well ... but the original HHE2 falls under the letter category. I only saw a few minutes, but it was terrible. <br /> Now it has co-wrote the new HHE2 .. and it's such a deception! HHE renewal last year was even better than the original movie. It was tense. I guess he did with the fact that the main characters were a family, and not a bunch of beer and pan and crazy teen sex. It made us feel scary. For the first hour, we were in hell, and finally in the last few years, the good guys were revenge on the bad guys and it was fine .. <br /> This new movie has no tension. There is no suspicion as well. Just violent things happen in most stupid people. There is hardly any ominous presence here. Just hobos hiding under rock. <br /> I'm getting tired of horror movie cinema because of the stupid mistakes they hold. It was just the other day that I watched "Deep Blue Sea" where Samuel L. Jackson was caught on the water, while giving the talk, and then he was fed by a shark, only because of idiot The remains were closed in the water .. things that nobody would do in the given situation! Here is the exact same thing. People are going to take a shower even if they know people are dying .. ... try not to wait a bit Then when you think people would have learned, someone else goes alone! Seriously, is not it more scary when the characters are carrying their A-toys and are still losing? I would think so ... <br /> It's even under the redemption. It should have made the first rumor look like the "fog" renewal (which was less ominous than an episode of "Becker"). More bad guys. More time in the caves. More tension. More in everything. <br /> But it's actually downgrades. Less bad guys. No tension. Make sure we have more time in the caves, but not a whole lot happening there. In the end, it only seems like having two or three bad guys. The last movie made it look like a clan of everyone. Where is this tribe? Who keeps on looking at binoculars? Seriously, these are the things that this film should have brought us, but it ends with the same promise that the last movie gave us, and that precise same "were watching" scenes. Come! I will give it to the devil. Look at the movie is good .. but that's it. <br /> I do not even think fans of Gore will love this .. if I'm probably wrong! There's gore (though most of it is sped-up while in the darkness), but without the tension, and your character even cares about .. The gore does nothing in my book! In the end, you're not scared. You, you're not shocked (unless you're an 8 year old girl). You do not even feel like you've seen anything new.
