This playful and stupid movie is certainly the most sophisticated version of "Hamlet" ever reaching the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; go to the lengths like Ophelia described in a right jacket, whose Fortinbras army appears suddenly on the horizon (looking as bigger as the "Monty Python and the Grail of God") when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (forced many Shakespearean at "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being inflamed down), and the star crowd has become the days in the bottom of Jimmy Cagney and Kate Kate Kate Middleton. <br /> <br /> Branagh has chosen to put his film in an edward environment but at the same time decides to employ an almost shaken text, so often the dialogue that is firmly rooted in Elizabethan mentality does not make sense the context that it is made. And Branagh does not concern himself with intricacies such as textiles as the ambiguous nature of Hamlet and Olphelia's relationship, treating the audience in a nude vulgar sex scene between the couple who launches any ambiguity right out of glass windows stained. The uncut text allows Branagh to indulge in his favorite cinemas pastime: more feet in Kenneth Branagh. This is never so apparent as in "How Every Occasion I Am Using It" speech that ends the first half of the nineteenth film (at least that's how it feels), which attempts to play in a dramatic crescendo online along the lines and the Van "I will never be hungry again." This can serve the Branagh ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or the talk: when I saw the movie in the theater, I leaned on my boyfriend and snickered "Great Moments and Mr. Hamlet." Branagh saves the most funniest and most delicious moments when it tries to out-the-movie Olivier and its justice justice in Claudius does not have Hamlet to jump out of a high tower on the monkey, impaling it with a sword. Britain's Dane performs in the king by heroically sending a apparently magical rapier from across the palace to the heart of Claudius' heart with a super hero's ox. The only thing that saved the moment from being unsupportable to dig was that it was so off-the-wall comics. While this film was praised in some cases as a serious illustration of the tragedy, it is in fact nothing but a star-studded display of a once-talented scene was overlooked by his own narration. The Emperor has no clothes, and this amulet has nothing to offer, but a few unintelligible laughs with the appalling eye of one's ego from out of control.
