Well, let's not get confused here. If this is an end to a remake of a classic original horror, it automatically also is a remake of the original end of the classic horror? Here's hoping that is not a general rule, as the end of the Craven in the original "hills have eyes" ?? drop somewhere during the mid-80's is one of the worst and absolute most redundant movies ever made. Part two did not have a current draw and re-use footage of the original only to further exploit the success of the truly bravest and petrifying citizen. Craven also wanted us to believe even dogs suffer from flashbacks and painful memories, as Shepard's loyal German Shepherd of the Carter family re-experiences his bloody battles and one of the mountain hillies. There was quite a bit of alarming signs indicating that this would be a lurid failure as well. The notice came out barely a year ago and here's the end already? Incredible speeds in its release fairly cause you to question the quality of the script. Do they not need a little longer if they want to come up with a movie that should be scary, ominous and disturbing? With its excellent film, Alexandre Aja almost single-handedly changed the general opinion on horror rumors, as he had the courage and intelligence of changing essential elements of the plot and adding more nauseating gore than anyone ever hoped for. Also, Aja is quite a talented young director and made herself noticed with her French instant classic "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja in the "eyes hills" was an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and greatest generations of horror fans as well as the smaller and enthusiastic targets. It's a really good movie, and, even if a new end to clown will be inevitable, it's pretty easy that one of them will ever equal the level of amazing quality of the hit crush AJA. Put all this in mind, plus a rather dose of personal doubts, I must admit that this run really is not as terrible as anticipated. The scenario is routine and corny fodder fodder, introducing a fairly large number of characters with some or even no backbone and without describing how to get killed by traditionally reluctantly-seeking phenomena. Following the events of the first film, the US military established a camp in the middle of the New Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests, which took place in the 50's and 60's. For the survivors who have been mutated in the miner community who have been there during the radioactive test, scientists and researchers have formed a tasty starter until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They are just supposed to drop food and supplies but meet ultimate military training exercises when faced with the relentless humane who lives inside the rest of the mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another by-slasher number and dumb character that, after losing several of the friends already, always stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and act like goals easy to kill. It's also very easy to point out who will make it out of this lively adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and another one continuously stares in video image of his 3-year-old son, them. "Hills have eyes II" completely lacking? to be expected ?? originality, logic and possible situations. The mutated miners are not nearly as ominous as their colleagues at a party, mainly because they do not organize this time and only just behave like drooling and sly-hungry prototype monsters. Since you do not care for amateur G.I. Joe "Hero" and definitely does not feel any sympathy for the eyes of the hills, this film is a lot less compelling and involving than last year's original. Most specifically, this second film is not nearly as violent and gory as the first! Sequels usually offset the lack of suspense and the absence of surprise twist and blood extra blood and more sequential kill graphic, but the action at the end of this is really tame compared to the sickly foot presented by its predecessor. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy the horror horror fans ?? especially showing soldiers falling under cliffs or getting injections by their own weapon? but there are unfortunately no outrageous pick-ax battles or virulent dog attacks. What a shame! What's the point to an end if it even fails to surpass the level of grossness and / or laundering of the original? Luckily the film is never boring or unnecessary, and you'll have fun to loot all the things that do not make the slightest bit of sense! For example, the wallets fall from headless blood, women without any muscle power cast like hard-ass soldier and ?? my personal favorite ?? Put ONE soldier with a speech disability to operate radio communications.
