Last year's renewal of the 'hills have eyes' was one of the best attempts to update the vaguely vicious blast blues in the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandria Aja has allowed for an admirable degree of character development and when the violence began its mean and wild and all carried out in an impeccable landscape and designing landscape. I was one of the few people who actually thought it was better than the original and looked forward to a second world visit to the black and cruel world of wild wilderness mutants. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2', released just one year after the original, looks like an aggressive and ill-conceived attempt in cash on the franchise and little thought of quality . Craven's newspaper scenario could be written in a weekend, and given the speed with which this movie made it to movies, probably was. It falls back on every hack genre cliche in the book while offering absolutely nothing new to the mutant mutant mythology. I still leave out a plain of disappointment when one end replaces civilian and military characters. Soldiers are always so lazy to write and never fail to do well with gross caricatures in strutting bullshit bullshit. In my mind, 'The Alien' was the only movie that succeeded to make such a transition, due to James Cameron's talent, not simply to guide the action sections much better around, but never forget that a audience cared about people butcher. It was also skillful to help some really talented actors. With the 'hills have eyes 2', it is clear that video directors Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the bit-parters TV cast does not have the talent or even the inclination to turn the cardboard characters into any live living , breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a great and generic. They act in mute and logical ways, making mute and logical decisions leading them to mute and logical deaths. Half of the movie's milk gets just another tedious pursuit-to-dark-corridor storyline. The 'descent' (on which Sam McCurdy, haphazard, also worked as cinematography) proves that even the most derivative of sequences can still be carried out with genuine originality and suspense, but we do not see any of this innovation here. /> 'Hills have eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, devoid of any suspension, tension, or surprise, and not one who involves remotely interested in producing anything in quality. It is a sleep apology and tired of ending and deserving to spend the rest of her life in the blockbuster bargain bin.
