The 'Hills Eyes II', one of the most pointless and blatant stupid suites comes in some time, 90 minutes of uncompetitive films are made of its finest. Or worse, however you choose to look at it. While the 'Hills' 2006 rumors were one of the best, and really scary years, horror films, this end took each spark from what made that such an accomplishment. Part 2 has never come to earth or does not make sense of dialogue in itself. Worst of all, it's not scary. <br /> <br /> Note the 2006 following a family that finds themselves in the middle of New Mexico desert, deserted, and one by one being chosen by people who are disturbed by sadistic people. People, as a result of the military atomic bomb on the lands years ago, became theirs. Survive about travelers who wander through the region. The end of the hearing in the same desert, now occupied by the military as they secretly investigate the hills and what might happen to the poor family. When a group of military coaches is in the camp, they are buried with no signs of life. A disgusting reality soon falls on them, as they come to the realization that they are not alone. And the blood fate that gave many people before they will soon become destined to them. <br /> It does not take a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. But because last year's renewal has been received both in the box office and not critical, it has come to no surprise that an end should run in production while there's still money to earn. There is no rhyme or reason to read this time around, just an incredible and ridiculous set-up going way for absolute characters, homogeneous killings, a non-existent story, and slipping interest. Originally, the director of Alexander Aja has made Craven's classic kilven in a remake that was a unique and disturbing experience. One gruesomely crossed the line over more than one occasion. Its frank exhibits, sadistic terrorists, well-balanced characters, and blues-ring suspensions have all been effectively used to shock and repudiate their hearings. The second time around, he rehashed hands-i-downs. There is no style, no gravel. It tries to build tension by body detailing, when it's really done for a tea maker, make the movie type, where the same gorilla looks like tame compared to most recent blood. The state of affairs in mutant distortions that captures women for breeding purposes neglected to keep your attention. It's a do, nothing more. Hills do not bite. Despite a jump or two here and there, nothing is so scary about this not-to-number cops terrible. It feels like something you'd see on the Sci-Fi channel, only with some F-bombs, a blood splatter here and there, a rape, and a graphical scene scene that is much shorter than shocking. It's cheap. And 'Hills', you reap what you are sewing. There is no effort to provide, you can not expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja and Martin Weisz as the director was the first big movie error, all he does is drain the movie any sort of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the script without characters without characters being wrapped by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You wonder, how bad would it be possible? This is the kind of dialog that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven had to share it just in clunkers in the past, but I would never expect something like this out of it. So, unintentionally funny, you have to wonder, is Craven playing a joke about this? Or did he have cast this one on his son after the studio paid him there? The movie's characters are one-dimensional talking head with no emotion or common sense. The act is just as bad. The only character that can win you is Napoleon Napoli, the skrawny kid that does not fit in with the others. Even the bothers of instinct-driving, who we might find some favor and profound in our thinking a year ago, were met and indifferent. You do not hate them, you do not love them. You honestly could not care less. Just like this movie. Even if you were giddy and frightened while the 'eyes have hills,' as I was, you will have a hard time finding anything to enjoy in this piece of garbage. It's as generic as generic becomes, and there's absolutely nothing here we have not seen many times already. I can not express this enough, avoid 'hills like eyes II' like the epidemic. It's frightless, unoriginal, frantic, and a do. Stick to the original vision or the Craven vision. Because if you do not walk out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
