I saw this film on its release, and watched it 3 or 4 more times, including last week. I'm sorry to be a voice related to Mr Performance of Britain. This is really a beautiful movie, rich, to say nothing of ambitious in over 4 hours long - very well shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers, and many others do good jobs. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was a worthwhile project for an actor, this is it, and Mr. Branagh reserves nothing to put the "ham" in Hamlet. From the Cascade Distribution (which gives us the worst performance ever by Jack Lemmon's mischievous miscast), in the bits of distracting businesses thrown in to instill a sense of "naturally," in his own performance that runs the gamut from sending away the most soliloquy one of the most popular literature to scream all other lines. His performance confirmed that, while he can come across all the best-needed steps needed, he never was a great movie actor. The scenery budget can be paid for catering, Mr. Branagh is eating a lot of it. His performance is a perfect example why people are not going to see Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger, which means nothing." But if there is fault toward it, it is that it keeps the camera firmly stuck on its troubled performance. <br /> No matter which theory can be positive about the Bard, it was, after all they said and done, a dramatic author. The shining of playing it remains in the fact that his term is universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play it, there is most certainly great act, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to players in the text of "Hamlet" himself. He amazed me how Mr. Branagh "mouth" read, but he did not hear it. It was an example to spend too much time working on how to say something, and too little to figure out what he said. While Mr. Branagh has certainly done a wonderful thing in mounting some entertaining production, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting practicing it. His direction was always better than his acting. I still give him immense credit for raising interest in Shakespeare's filming. It puts a great model for other production. And, it would be interesting to see him scenes, from 20 back row. But I hope she chooses to lead more and act less. <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There are many good funs to be found in the movie. But it is a long film and, in the end, one can feel less than enjoying it than surviving it.
