I suppose every joke inside is what made Munchies a classic class. I thought it was awful, though given the ridiculous story and the nature of the characters, it probably could have been a better (and funnier) movie. Perhaps all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have pointed out, is something of a Gremlins parody. Therefore, all the references to the movie. The movie begins somewhere in Peru during a digiologist's dig. An annoying duffle called Paul, aspiring to stand up comedy that offers no sarcasm or witty jokes during the movie despite his career plans, is swirling up with his father in the caves. Her father is an original type of archeology, looking for Caves not for artificial or mummy or anything, but evidence of U.F.O. And that's where the munchies are in the picture. Hiding in the hole in a stone is an ugly little minute that looks like a girating rubber doll with a Gizmo voice. She is called Arnold, breaks her in a bag, and brings her home so Paul's father can finally show proof of life beyond the earth. Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father See Arnold (a wager he's done with his father, if he loses, he's going to college communities to get a 'real' career). Creepy neighbors next door and the bad carpet, Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors up to. So, he and his lazy children, there are some types of hippies Airhead (which looks more like they should have made his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) to go and hack Arnold. Why? A get rich quick scheme of course. And of course, even Cecil's son is too dumb to look after Arnold. And after a few pads and prods of Arnold, he multiplied in more munchies. This was not even a movie that was so bad it was good. It was just plain terrain. I was hoping that the Munchies would have mutated and killed the morons that were still after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad act of this film that really enthousiated the movie. Not to mention poor special effects that look like puppets but. And really bad writing around - it was not even funny - not even that young cop who can really give you the homicide shock in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they were given a current budget and better actor, might have been able to crawl on a good imitation. Pass.
