Most would agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in funny stories. I do not have Marvel experts, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and definitely approve of currently widely known paints at Hugh Jackman in the Fluffy Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, found the end too heavy and dirty and loved the third one as comical book entertainment. All of the three movies, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I figured out the idea of ​​making a "origin" -movie on Wolverine could very well finish being a movie much better than all of the three X-Men movies. If we focus on a character, I figured I could have a movie that achieved what I found the second movie failed - being a fairly complex and character driven funny book adventure. <br /> The reason the Wolverine - movie fails is not because the competition is tougher after the Dark Knight. It's not even because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and sophisticated - though that's certainly not good - no, it's because the movie does not seem to try. To begin with, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action of this movie that comes about as very, very robust. With no special effects or suspension elements, and when an event will make you predicted these five, it almost feels like a Uhl Boll movie, imitating a movie / adventure movie concept that you saw a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as outright awful as a piece of Bolls ** but when talking to everyone candles as if they are part of a chain of events that are so standard, you at least make the connection and that surely is bad enough. <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action film is a generic action film and, by the way, makes you forgive a lot of drawn traces and sort characters. I think you get the most basic flaw in the title. I mean, "Origin". Really? What people behind this movie think about this title? What do they mean? Do you want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They run away from home during dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! Civil War, World War II and II and Vietnam as well. Why did they do this? Still unknown. Eventually, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) was wrong. "How?" you ask. I do not know, it was a place between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yeah, but why?" you always ask. I just said I do not know !! The movie does not explain. It's wrong well! "Yeah, but ... you know, 'origin'" ... Yeah, well that's an origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, eventually they finish with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Something with the government, for-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leaves her brother. For six years it is a happy cheerleader with someone you love, which ends up a little defensive around the time Sabretooth suddenly appearing again. "Yeah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Oh close! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientists who make it an animal-covered animal. He goes after all the bad guys and come after him, and after all the fight he ends up with his memory wiped, the X-Male cue movie first. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD. The current movie will not tell you anything else. There is no major scene in action, no good heroes, bandits or characters in general (lines from my audience bed: Fat Costumes! Black Naked Guy! Oh i give you 200 cash if this girl continue to live this movie .., this is supposed to be gambit ... mmhm, well ... uh-huh, right), not one line of memorable dialogue and zero lines to cover a T-shirt and, add in what common stupid things that ruin the plausibility in general that you could usually forgive ...... well, that sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? Fans will check this out, or they have already been. There is no such thing. But if you liked the X-Men movies for any other reason than they were well done and fun - see them again and make yourself no favors do not try to look for origin where no.
