Relieve treachery of cash cow franchisee. Generic superhero flicker movie. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood's "An Impobable Event Series." Combinatoric iteration of mutant fighting scenes is strung together by the devastating display justifying the formation / dissolution of arbitrary covenants. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here but the click for each minute master has cut the charts: Primal cry while looking to skyward and kneeling on girlfriend assassinated. Renegade military commander. Preventable Double Crossword. Revenge sought to kill lover. Delete memory. Evil characters discover morality at the last minute. Complete failure is executed nemeses after beating them into melee. Lover does not really die. Lover actually acts as spyware for the hero's hero-nemesis. Girlfriend / spyware actually falls for protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to escape kidnapped family members. Evil domestic negligence honors promise to relieve staff. Comfortable old couple care for tired heroes and get murdered for their problems. Certain deaths avoid as third parties to the scene of the coup d'etat. Hero reluctantly entered secret government agencies. Abomination of elite squad of protest on the innocent massacre. Scientists can control indestructible machines killed in their own creations. Guardian government 's secret but lovable' slaughter killed at best-designed but successful successors. Heroes swing away from wreck and relaxed light of a gasoline trail behind him. After all, giving up, planning heart control picks up a pulse. Wrong mastermind explains her hero's plans to see again as a threat. Hero refuses to kill enemies because he is "better than that." Transparent funny rescue character performs hilarious upkeep and comment off. Cheerful psychopaths revels in random rampage killings. Goliaths indestructible nuclei with each other through a series of walls and other traumatic physics that would kill a mere mortal. Man dispatches dozens of weapons touching enemies with nothing but peculiar skill. Common sense with the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. Antagonists using the one's love kill as justification for crucible executed. <br /> I could go on but this is just tedious. If you have more than twelve and are not living in the basement of the mother, there's probably nothing here for you. Depressingly enough, it's not too far in par for superhero movies so discounts all that I wrote if you can not get enough of the genre.
