But another movie about a group of less-than-intelligent people on a road trip that wanders on their original trip route for either a short cut or, in this case, goes to a side-down show attraction. The results, as expected, are not really, as this particular show is home to a bunch of fools, in-elevated residents who have escaped captive prisoners in previous years. The father, who apparently a professional photographer, just has to stop and take pictures of the place, only to find that he still lives. The various members of the family wander to see the various attractions, only to be afraid to go. Think they made it safely on the roads, the explosion tire (surprise!), Let them seek shelter and accommodation in the small town, which we find out is left alone by the freaks (surprise!). <br /> <This movie plays out as expected, and the family being jumped and killed by leaps. Some fights back on the family parties, but these are probably among the worst scenes in the movie, as they are seriously executed. There is nothing remotely original here, unless you count the totally inappropriate soundtrack played during particular scenes that completely crush the mood and mood of the movie. The act is about as wrong as I've seen in some time not everyone involved (it is very bad when your cast out-act does not throw in "Without Camp). The special effects are lousy and the end does make me want to push my TV .. Still, though, despite all the negative, I a bit enjoyed this movie .. It definitely has a "so bad it's good" to vibes in it. I did it to the movie all and They even pleaded entertained once I got the past conspicuously cliché, terrible act, and cheesy special effects. Even if the end let me feel cheated and angry, especially because the movie is not that big Start with and finish the movie at all pointless. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, I can list countless movies that if you've seen them, you've seen this. The difference is most of these films They are best. Even if it's not a complete waste, this movie is very bad and not remotely scared. <br /> My class: D
