It's official, as - Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not have a thought of his very beautiful head. Did you ask why she chose Shu Qi as her muses? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is that Qi?) Do not appear in this one. Instead we find a Snaggletoothed Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by his song in the end, it is a pop star just like the girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry is "an actress" - and A Tadanobu wasted Asano, typically an indicator of quality, who is required to do anything here but standing around and look like a mumbling Asian humbster and is too old to manage even that. <br /> <br /> Hou Hou philosophy? Life is limbo, a great thing, feels it and moves on. I would like to do that but Hou gives us nothing to feel at Cafe Lumiere beyond a thorough photo essay in life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the flabbergasting observation that there are those chips that pass through the night, no, Make that train that passes through the day, never connect, every mastery of its own destination, usually some variant in a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they're lucky. Yikes. Flowering in Shanghai is one of the most unusual, technically accomplished and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director be created the open shot of that movie, which features about twelve actors conversing at machine-gun speeds for about ten straight minutes - an impossible directive feat - get blocked to make this lakonic sub-jarmusch pornography reality for two films in a row right now? Millennium Mambo can die weight, but at least it has two large vaccines, the hiccups that hint at Hou's call as the equivalent of the Odon Redon movie: These shots are the sex scene and the lights arrhythmically blinking and the opening shot at Shu Qi floating down a blue corridor. M.O. while Cafe Lumiere seems to have removed the two large vaccines from Millenium Mambo to make it more consistent. You must be the judge if that appeals. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to refine - you can not refine the idea of ​​limbo beyond Bloom in Shanghai. It needs to be expanded, bloated, outlined inside and genre-revitalizers that are so wasted so senselessly about clichéd minimalism. It's time to make a live-action rumor in Akira or something. This type of art film where the actors are supposed to have native because of the long-term assembly and talk of monosyllables is now every bit bit as safe, ghettoized and stagnant as Blockbuster in Hollywood. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak? It seems to me that people in "real life" never stopped jabbering.) Then again, considering that 2005 alone brought movies Big-budget as diverse and rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, Island, and King Kong, it's now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Hou, and that's really sad. The good news is that, though Hou is in his 50's, he frankly feels as though he did not even begin. There is a couple moments in this movie that show the promise always, such as a little early on in the bookstore when the dims room in a sun-red sunset while Hitoto talks about babies with faces of elves. But whatever is afraid to keep it back, however comfortable it is to make the same movie over and over and be hailed by the gullible and firefighter as the savior of Cinema, Hou, your time as the darling in Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, the Berlin and whatever else film festival is almost up, and people are caught on your racing double-quick. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or perhaps three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now cribbing out of both of these tedious scams that are about to go up their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt over a science season, sell out, be rebellious - but leave social criticism to people with no eyes and no hearts. Let your talent paint express itself full. You will never get out of limbo otherwise.
