I am a relative delay in the transcendental work of the film Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully understated opinion in Japanese life, especially in the post-WWII era, has grown universal. Having seen several of her landmark films such as 1949 in the late "Spring" and 1953 in "Tokyo history", I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly orthosicic gift to convey the range of feelings arising from international conflicts in elliptical narratives and subtle prints. He is the director of the Taiwan Hou Hsiao-hsien aspiration to pay homage to Ozu on his centenary and this film is generally recorded in 2003. Amongst the co-senarist T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to find the right visuals but Do not take the emotional requisite weight that could make the glassy racial tolerated. <br /> <br /> History of Anxiety Yoko, a young Japanese writer researching the life of mid-20th century composer Taiwan Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes drawn-out character set-up, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yobe's coffeehouse friend Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, has an obsession for train and it seems likely to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this thin sketch line with a series of vaccines designed to be intensively lengthened as the frame composition changes. There are also long stretches of silence as well as an abundance of scenes featuring trains. While these techniques are consistent with the Ozu style, Hsiao-hsien may not seem to plunge into the psyche characters Ozu's way of performing with larger liquids and minimal theaters, in particular, the conspiracy Yoko seems rather non-committal in the scheme In the drama introduced and her parents' reaction is too passive to maintain a lot of interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of fatigue on it, making the movie feel indifferent. Their performance is incredible though hardly memorable. J-pop music stars Hitoto carries a natural ease for Yoko, while Tadanobu Asano is something of a Cipher as Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as the parent Yoko. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work if he violates a cardinal rule in Ozu film by keeping the cameras stable during the vaccine. Hitoto talk-sing songs to pop the pop up on credit, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes an hour long, French documentary held, "Metro glow", which actually helps to provide some of the context for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the movie. It includes excerpts from Ozu's films, in particular, "Equinox Flowers", showing the parallel to this film though surprisingly not mentioned in either "Tokyo History" or "Early Summer", the obvious base for some of the scenes and set-ups situation. There are also edited club interviews in Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie trailer.
