CREEPSHOW 2 is the end of the ill-end of the George Romero (overrated) original, CREEPSHOW. Any end of a Romero movie which is directed by Romero himself has some great shoes, especially because of the Romero fans out there who thinks he is God. I did not care much for the first and humorous movie, and I did not care much for the end. The movie film had a lot of potential but it was short-lived because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it only had three stories (except the story in between), and because the first story sucked beyond belief, it only left the chance for almost Half of the movie to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the movies and the first segment was a real plain. Anything dramatic with George 'I can not act' Kennedy is automatically ending with the history of the American statue was too hokey and simply did not belong to this end. So, after a really troubled start and dull, there were only two other stories left to overturn the fiasco at the beginning of the abandonment and unfortunately the other stories were not great enough for me to forget the story first. THE BEST OF HITCHHIKER is moderately successful, moderately because if the other segments have moments, they are always falling flat. The latest stories are fundamentally stretched for too long. It's not that I wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and fast sequences, but both good ideas were found in these stories being sorted off by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments they needed be more current, more irregular and with punchier ending. Also, if the past two stories did not stretch out from the movie pad or there were three segments being shorter and better corrected and direction, they could have added a fourth story needed a lot of the bunch. Do you have only three padded segments made for a big party. <br /> Act and write in both segments and the HITCHHIKER sections are out of the good horror. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably her best moment on screen as part of her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead at MOONRAKER and DEATH on the Nile. But even the role it is hard to understand at the moment because of the service and the story unfocused. Should we hate her or love her? Are we supposed to be sympathized with annoying hitchhiker? If the hitchhiker body was found by others on the road, what was it when he attacked Chile? Was it a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body eventually leave the presence of others who found it dead in order to attack Chile? Everything is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the finish is rather dull and thrilling. <br /> As for the infamous story of RAFT, well, the act is mostly on the awful side and none of the sympathetic or interesting characters. The characters would have been more interesting than the actors have played themselves. None of the actors are convinced of their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the duck jock he plays with the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very compelling as the typical bitchy pig. It seems too shy. The same can be said of two others who play the "plain" adolescents. The idea of ​​the slick oil slayer is interesting and creepy, but is not well executed. There should be a fifth character in the story, perhaps a homeless man or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about the slick oil and could change the monster's month by changing the type. As the slick as oil slick is, it does not make for a "character" compelling. With the way the story ends, everything seems tricky. There is no point in it too. <br /> <br /> Except for the few affiliate aspects that always seem to make things boring, because CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater was basically a waste of money and time. CS 2 is more material than one paid to see on the big screen.
