We were all there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terribly he was doing and how the poor act was; eventually roll the credit and everyone looks around and say "how it feels like a movie made? who pays the money to have this script made in a feature movie?" Well head is not that kind of movie, instead of wondering how this rubbish budget was asked why the musicians shot out of a cannon in the sun. Yes, head is probably the worst movie ever made or conceived, this comes from a guy who saw Stare Campfire and Lake Fever. The movie starts from some kind of class of college, the kind of class I am not in, but it is imagined to be an art class. Now these dorks were given a final project by idiot teachers, five of them given pieces of a mannequin, saying they design it in any way to see fit, and since there are only five pieces of other students in Classes are received and automatic, oddly enough there are only six students in this entire class so one chic of goth gets a free A, good for it! One week past and five students, more teachers, plus a married couple meet at a bar discussing them and completing their projects, putting their pieces together, head, arms, feet and informing others why they chose drawing The specifics, now these creative geniuses utilize the weekly benefit rate, one puts one blade seen from the left, the other gets a shotgun off, the right leg gets a bunch of ceramic squares stuck to the left There are some trim magazines, the top is the worst getting a camera in the eye, Hellraiser 3, and some boot rockets for a stylish word-eagle. After all the fluorescence of the peculiar designs the teacher now drinks is burning the mannequin, now just call head. Now, up to this point, it has been the standard of extreme horrible film, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it was still very possible, again after head of fire captures taken a turn for the worst ... Head come alive. How do you ask? I have no idea, it just does because the writers could not think of a realistic way for two books worth of plastic mold to come alive (Come on guy, a bolt of lighting, a voodoo priest traveling, anything could has worked.) So once his head comes to life he uses his new ability to walk very slowly and stilted with the use of his melee fingers can hurt havoc. First he killed the cool guy with some wires, this guy was about to get it on with a hot chic decided to drink beer in the distance more important than that in front of him. With her go head to the sexy girl in the face and then give an old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head, and then saw a nasty looking south woman and this is her husband marrying; The head then kills the Nerdy guy with some flood disappointing. Was I mentioned to myself taking part in the body of his victim to make a human version of himself? No! Well it's not important not to even show its grim creation, they do not even show him stealing away from a riot from his poor creator (Maybe he's trying to create the top detective from living colors). So, after five these were killed by the teacher and the nerdy girl are all those who left, the faculty figure out that the head only needed a top end to her prince, since she is still without interest in what torso thing . So that the loose he is the teacher of the girl's ties as a top sacrifice that comes in just to go for the teacher and electric buzz he saw that does not even connect in. That's where the crumpled movie ends, even get to see the teacher get killed or what's happening in the girl, let alone an explanation why Jigsaw has come to life or how it cleanses itself after being burned. This film is so shameful it was too late to see, it's only 71 minutes so it's a small part of your day; For the memories of a life, head, head, head. Thanks you remember total! The judge ruled, looking at top only if your plan to cut out of your genitals seems to play out.
