This movie really shame me. The act is atrocity. Incredible. And it's about actor. The story is incredibly obvious: An independent actor group performs a play passion and, in turn, begins to live out of the lives of characters to play. I've watched a lot of movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first one I have not looked all the way in to a long time. I felt I did not need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. For some, it seems, this "modernization" of the Gospels is either sacrilight or enlightenment. I can not speak to any of this as I have not been raised in the Christian Church. That being said, I was raised in the U.S. and I live in an increasingly Christian culture. I'm curious enough about Jesus and about the modernization of the religion, for better or worse. I did not see Mel Gibson's version, but I guess that people like that one will love this, except for the most conservative. I just wish this was a better movie. Many of these reviews praise Arcand's direction and especially the cinematography. I love it. The film itself is rather prudish and preachy. I did not believe the characters' characters and I have never participated with the screen life on them. Playing in the play very much and would not, I think, bring it to your own weight in a real-time production. But that's the point. What I really need for this work would have stronger development of the characters and the scheme to support the philosophical and theological films of the movie would like them to be. And the music choices are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> There are two examples that come easy in mind. Firstly, there is a reenactment of the parable of Jesus driving the money borrowers from the temple: the lead actor, who had fallen for the woman who is going to play Magdala and who is also a model and dancer, gets hurt that it must be basic by audition for a commercial (and a vicious producer and many people panting to the audience) with his pants. It dumps the place and chases them all out. I guess this is the level that the movie wants to reach. Romans between these two are entirely arbitrary and not at all emotional to achieve and the scene is played out as a high school rendering of the death of a Salesman, so, not quite. Please stop hitting me on the head with this meaningful "meaning." The other is the relationship between the other lead to the priest and the priest who was asked to do the play and who, eventually, turned against them and betrayed them to the Church nowadays-corrupt. Why. Why she sleeps with this guy. "It brings him great pleasure with me so little pain." Ah the whore saintly and lovable the old coot. It seems to be just enough for Arcand to signify, but it's not worth the problem to enrich and animate these characters. They go to the motions and I get to the sting button. <br /> <br /> You can not write me as bored, jad or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, released as an amateur and gimmicky charm. You are free to have all the ideas that are relevant to you and see any tearing of artistic abandonment for monotone drivel. But do not say I did not warn you.
