It's hard to say if Noonan and Marshall are trying to get Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry, or some other comedy team, but those who he tried to imitate, they failed miserably. There's only one weak laugh in this picture of everything is incredibly stupid. Noonan (who helped write the "alleged") and Marshall has no chemistry too; Marshall seems to try for a Dean Dean kind of devil-care-devil, but it does not come even remotely close. God knows that Noonan thought he did, but was funny to make sure he did not read. It seems to think that flapping his arms and feet a lot and staring dumbly at everyone and everything is the height of screen comedy; Maybe it is, but not for the hearing. I remember seeing this in the theater when it came out. It was on the bottom of a double bill and a three-year-old Jeff Chandler West ("Pillars in the Sky," which was very good) and a three short Stooges ("Bullfighters sappy", that was not), and About 20 minutes of this all children at the hearing were throwing things on the screen; it was so staggeringly unfunny that it did not even measure up to the worst of the three Stooges shorts. I stayed around for her end (not that I wanted, but as I was not due to pick me until after the movie ended), and by the time the mess was over, I was the only one the theater. I've seen it again over 15 or so years ago on one night cord, and stuck around looking to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It got worse. The only thing she went for was Julie Newmar, who was as hot as ever; other than him, this thing has absolutely nothing to recommend. Two of them also play Japanese soldiers, and how to make Jerry Lewis' infamous play of Japanese characters as thick-lensed, buck-toothed, gibbering bad mental look good by comparison. Marshall went to host "Hollywood Square," and Noonan kept trying his hand at making movies, but most of them were almost as bad as this. Not quite, though, as I do not think ANYTHING can be as good as this. A really tacky garbage in film. Do not waste your time on it.
