"King and Queen" is a dramatic French who rambles on for a two-hour and thirty-two minutes no point or object is discernible. The film features two similar stories related to the first but eventually connect with each other on half of the movie. The first centers of Nora and its struggles and various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovered she has only a few days left to live. The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself imprisoned and believes - in a mental institution in the machinations of a third party unknown. After traveling along on separate tracks, the two narrative sections eventually come along when we learn that Ismael is a former guy in Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic, . /> With a bit more focused and a considerable amount of simplified, "Kings and Queen" might be a drama, engrossing drama on modern day relationships. It certainly has moments of tremendous impression and emotional power, and performance, for the most part, complex and touching. But being taken as a whole, the movie meanders and the incredible as a limit, quite frankly, it begins to make havoc on our patience and set out early in the early hours. Even more distress is the fact that, even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know well what they do in any of them when the show is finally over. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a dyatriby disappearing against his daughter's character that simply by Gibe and the woman we looked at for more than two hours. Nora is Byenselman no Teresa Mother (then, again, who?), But she certainly does not deserve the invasion cast into her by his very own father. Nora could be accused of being confused, doubtful, somewhat self-absorbed at times, but evil enough to have her father wanting she could give her cancer, and make her die in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie is simply operating at a depth level that I could fathom. But my suspicion is that writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have problems fully explaining the goals here. This is a well-acting, pretentious make of a movie that takes the viewer over a long, starving journey into a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that leaves him no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he at the beginning.
