"Head and Reine" is a sprawling chaos in a movie that will probably be irritated by many viewers as it delights. It focuses on turning on former Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as they each confront a major crisis in their lives now separated. While Nora's story is played straight and it's gloomy in tone, Ismael plays mostly for laughs, although it's not particularly funny. Nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal disorder of his father Louis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismael by his sudden incubation in a mental hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who had Nora's life-style, and in turn they were shaped by it, the most notable others were his now dead first lover Pierre and the young Eli son . As the past and present events played out for the audience, and former lovers have become involved in each other once more, it gradually results that Nora's personal take on life stories can be less reliable than first meet the eye . > <br /> Culture director Arnaud Desplechin has fashioned a considerable oddity here, one that has garnered major problems in France. He voluntarily establishes narrative conferences and develops the film through a series of dramatic schedules of mood and tone. This approach has been founded on a coherent adherent coherent idea or theme it might have worked, but it is not clear at the end that exactly the Desplechin's movie is actually over. Granted acquisitions of Greek mythology and freudian theories are obviously goods and meanings, but at least for this unschooled movie-goer, remain less useful than illuminating and interpreting the lives of their characters. In other cases, the treatment falls into kitsch but uses the "Moon River" anonymously as the theme film mix suggests that this is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Alert Spoiler ** I suspect a major theme of film is the not very observational how we see ourselves can be radically different from how others view us or even how we think others see us. This idea most evidently represented in the film by the violent death of Pierre and the revelations contained in Louis' secret journal, but unfortunately both events seemed entirely disconnected from what was otherwise revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis 'relationships with Nora. This looks like a scam on the Desplechin's Part, as if it is prompting the idea about us in shape immediately rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two quietly candies means the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of man-made strips, but yet these have felt more as firing in film-making techniques rather than eruptions from a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in the story. In fact, for all its in-depth suggestions, the characters are curiously undeveloped and unnuanced, as if they operate more as numbers for the creator's many ideas rather than real people in their own right. Many of the details of their lives seem arbitrarily applied rather than organic. For example, Ismael, as we still remember, is a Viola player, but over two hours before we actually see or hear him play, and the effect of choosing his instrument or his personality profile is never elaborated . Therefore, it can be just as well as a sailor biologist or an artistic trapeze. <br /> <br /> Amalric carries a certain Izmael manicure safely but ultimately similar, but I found Devo cloying and monotonous (which can be intentional, however) as the elusive Nora. Meanwhile Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst, Magalie Week as the passionate sinologist wounded, but challenging his friend befriends to make the biggest impact among the actors supporting. Catherine Deneuve's in it, too, though its role is little more than a self-referential belief. <br /> <br /> Finally, "Rois et Reine" is a lot to taste. Should it fail to push your button, it is very likely that the desplechin appropriate and florid approach will frustrate and exasperate as you somehow keep watching.
