Anita and I seem to be little more than an excuse for Meera Syal, the author of the novel and scenario, in his pre-war years, complaints and general antipathy towards the English. General American sentimentality over the English of this film is bad. The English people in this movie are described as overweight, violent, bad-mouthed, promiscuous, engaged in child negligence, stupid, unhealthy, racist, ugly, poor food, and dim- ingenious - say, only by turning to Indian culture can be the local priest "redeemed" at the end of the film. Indian families are beautiful, smart, educated, can speak many languages, are caring parents and loved ones, and grammar-school fodder. The film is so insidiously preconceived that I am surprised the BBC to fund it at all. If it was elsewhere, an English family in an American community showed this way, the movie would be seen as racist .. There was a moment when my eyebrows shot too far from my forehead, I thought it would pass night in my felire. First, the gossip scene between the women of the Divali celebration - undertext: English are dirty and promiscuous - and the men - undertext: English women are prostitutes. Secondly, the meal with Anita where Neema's family is lying on it on leak - undertext: English are so stupid, you can do anything. <br /> But the contempt of hiding towards anything English - even English Marriages are an object of regret - is obvious all the way to the movie. Character of Anita was drawn so appallingly - almost the girl dropped - that I finished the movie feeling angry. This is not a "bend like Beckham" where the humor focuses on exchanging love of a community's community and customs from someone in this community, and is a movie about two Girls from different backgrounds come together. Instead, Anita and I seem to convey that a form of cultural apartheid is inevitable, as the English is almost a version of the untouchable individual helmet, and this is insisted by a mis-bright set of attacks on "other" communities The Movie: The English. <br /> I felt Anita and I'm a piece-full, complaint-based piece of work. On the basis of this, the BBC should not fund its production.
