This is another of those 'person vs. bug / eco-horror' features; a term that was popular in late 70's. Only you can not really call it horror. There are zero suspensions and no really horrible events. In other words: this film is very hostile. It's not that it's really bad or something; it's just pretty boring. A construction site near a hotel discovers a large nest of ants. Later on we learned that, probably due to different types of pesticides used in the past, bites became poisonous. Some people get bitten and run to the hospital and get older for the residents of the hospital to figure out what's going on. Robert Foxworth figures it out first and then you can see it go berserk with a car dig for what looks like several hours. Then they ran to the house, waiting to get salvation. And, people, you should see all their efforts to save them. I'm not going to spoil too much, but at one point they even use a great helicopter. All the time when I watched this, I sat there thinking "Come on, people, you all had shoes on just running out of the building. I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch up with you . " It's all very ridiculous. <br /> Of course, many of the pre-ups of crawl ants are shown throughout the entire movie. Ants in the garden. Ant in the trash. Ant in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the sink. And the best part: ants crawls on facing people while the actors are breathing in straws. But when you see the group of ants in larger vaccines, they all look like black rice designers are stuck on the wall. <br /> One small surprise came to the end. No, he has nothing to do with a twist of the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy had a look like a firefighter. Ehrr ... What more can I say? This film is called it arrived at MANAK LAKEWOOD but the box-art of my copy read ANTS and the title during the opening credits was PANIC at MANAK LAKEWOOD. There you have it. Now, since this is a made-to-TV movie from the 70's, I'm going to once again be very mild in my final rating. Now SAVAGE BEES, another 'man vs. bug' TV-movie from 1976 was better than this one. I even feel I have to go back and add a few points to its rating after seeing ANTS. Lack of suspense, action, emotions, shock and criticism, the only thing you will stay and after seeing ANTS is an annoying rash.
