On the only thing I liked about this movie is that there was only enough of it keeping me in my chair at the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the success of NEXT things would frost ... Ay. .. <br /> <br /> People who love the movie Gus Van Sant - especially its later - will probably love this. Personally, I found the film Wind Center to be dull, pretentious and easy. Well, he was an executive producer for this film, so he does not have any surprise that the film could almost have been done by him - although personally I actually liked this better than the Van Sant's latest effort (eg Elephant ). /> Unlike many here, I did not think that the movie was difficult to understand or disjointed, I thought that above all it is a movie that wants to show a certain attitude - the attitude of a moving teenager slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that the changes barely visible if at all. But I feel that the problem with the movie is that "attitude" is not enough ... and not only that, but that the mood painted here is, in my mind, poorly chosen for the story that is allegedly pass. Dream quality is like linked to nature, very well captured here, but it is an attitude that is part of a younger child, someone who really always finds totally kept in look unattended nature (wave on a beach, grass and flowers, spiders etc.). The rhythm of the movie reminds me of my summer when I was about eight or nine. There is a languor in the film in opposition to what should be a very tense time of adolescent life. When you are caught in a crush on someone - or being the object of intimidation in school - you are nothing but alas! There are only two moments that have really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan down the Groceries and her mother throws a bit of a fit. The frustrations of an adult related to a little klutzy - especially with no father present - seemed to be my real. <br /> <br /> The second, and only part of the movie with any tension, were the scenes where "Leah" (Logan's re-creation of itself) Rodeo phones and try to seduce it in phone sex. The first reason I like it is because people who made voice-over in "Leah" were the most compelling actors of the whole movie. (He made me think about Claire Danes from this Life called me ... the same voice sounded like Claire.) He and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally credible between the kids. And that I especially loved was the fact that Rodeo only pretended to play together ... it was perhaps the best moments of the movie as - finally! - We've got some character development. <br /> In all, a somewhat moving effort ... we'll have to see what he does in his next movie before we can really say so much about the talented director's possible manager. In the meantime, if it can get away from the Wind's influence, it might make it a world of good. Who is this director anyway - one of the venues boys' games boys?
