Sitting down to watch the 14th quarter of the undergraduate ("On The Wings of Love"), I knew I should be in for a "fun" time. I looked at some of the previous seasons of the undergraduate of passing; watching an episode or two and missing the next three or so. I find that the undergraduate is often appealing and intriguing, though its quality and morality are often lacking. <br /> <br /> "The wings of love" details the journey taken by Jake, a 31-year-old commercial pilot from Dallas, Texas, to find true love, as true love as one can find in a season-long reality-drama show date. Jake meets 25 beautiful girls from all over the country. It starts getting to know them a bit, but it is mostly superficial; how can you get to know someone in a 5 minute conversation? Jake tries to make his true intention known from the very beginning, at least to the audience. He noted that he does not just want to love or a good time, but he wants a fiance or wife. We can only assume that he has made this clear to women in the competition as well. If this is the case, he might explain, to a degree, some of the women's actions. Women are super competitive. While they do not even know Jake at all, they are still in it to win it does not matter what the price. <br /> Not only were the competitive women, but they were also confident with Catty. Threats, backstabbing, and warning of "Watch out!" all shows that these women were not there for a good time either. Jake noted that she was not just looking for sex calls, but looking for "a connection." However, the girls pull out all the stops to try to impress Jake and sex appeals. They got to the castle of skimpy dresses ?? either low-cut or short. <br /> While some girls seemed to maintain their sense of decor, others missed that memo altogether. A girl, Channy, noted that Jake was a "good guy" whom she could do a "naughty girl." He went on to say that Jake was able to land on the "rink anytime." She received flack from the other girls for her provocative statement that showed up on these situations. So, a reality show show could not be bad, can it? Besides the obvious problem of gender-driven attraction, there are other issues that Mar has shown seemingly harmless. Is this the right way to find a future spouse; fight for someone's attention by flaunt himself in extreme proportions? Unfortunately, however, that's what America has reduced dating in those days: fun and sex without commitment and a little happiness on the side. <br /> <br /> Another problem is too early to the emotional attachment by which many of the girls tie themselves to Jake. A teenage girl in particular seemed to be very attached. A girl said "If I do not get that first impression up she'll kill me!" As mentioned earlier, they do not even know him yet and talk about a specific lift, not just one of the 15 roses kept from being eliminated. Michelle, in particular, seemed to have some problems with Jake's attachment. The other girls also noted it. After a particular Michelle explosion, Vienna claimed that Michelle had a "mental breakdown and we were only here an hour." Michelle got the last rose in the evening on the first show ?? narrow elimination is missing? and she was very emotional about her. The other girls thought she was simply ridiculous. Another girl also called, but because she was eliminated. <br /> It started with survivors, and from there it just took off ?? reality television. It shows our entertainment interests as a country; if we did not watch the shows and give them good ratings, the networks would not continue running. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that enough of America is trendy. One thing is clear: America (in general) likes TV reality with its trappings. <br /> <br /> This begs me to question: why is it that we like reality TV? What is it about to draw us into it? Is it because we see the similarities in our own lives, or is it because we want to make sure we are more stable and less pathetic than others? Whatever it is that draws us into it, we should be careful in the media and entertainment that we allow to fill our mind. I do not say that all TV shows are bad; However, I say that we need to evaluate each person. <br /> <br /> The episodes used to criticize: Season Premiere and Episode 2.
