** SPOILERS ** Reduced slasher movie that makes no sense at all with a killer running around dressed in a black dress and wearing what looks like a pull-on Peter Lorraine tires mask. Told earlier in the movie, almost the very first scene, young Mor Mor Bet Morgan was in rehab due to heavy drug use after her boyfriend assassinated in tennyson collage over a year ago. He also carried out that Sacher's FBI Agent (Jeff Conaway), who is in obsession to catch the killer, daughter was also killed at Tennyson around the same time. Since the film "Do you want to know a secret" is about it never explained just what the two killed back to Connecticute did with the massacre in Florida in some colonial dozen a year later? Other than the killer, at least in the assassination of the companion of the Beast, wearing the same outfit Halloween outfit. <br /> <br /> In Spring Spring in the Sunshine State six students spend their vacation in a beach house and before you know it's getting getting hit at one at a time. Starting with computer jokes Brad Clyton, Chad Allen, the same killing spread over town and a number of people who have nothing to do with the targeted student including the Gavin chief police, Jack McGee, is getting open sloth. <br /> <br /> The masked assassin saves animals for the latest of this strange ceremony in a desert church, in which the Florida Everglades looks like. He then finally reveals who he is and what he intends to do as much sense as the movie does, none. Try to scare her audience all the movie is confused and confused with a number of slasher scenes by-not too convincing. These are the most effective victims of Oz Washington, Tom Jay Jones, surviving at least three attempts on his life and end, along with Silver Seller, the hero of the film. <br /> <br /> Oz also had a vicious off on foot from a large screen of glass that almost cut it in half and disable it, but later he miraculously recovered, after receiving the arrest a murder he did not commit, in fact he had it two more time with the killer with him not as much as he had a tumult in his walk! It also makes no sense at all why Oz and Beth went on their own to slip down and catch the killer instead of calling the police, and a cellphone that Oz was, rather? The boy's companion, who lost his head on the movie Hank Ford, Joseph Lawrence, is also very compelling as well as two girls in the beach.They home with and Beth Oz ends being killed and then somehow disappears in sight! for a moment you did not know if they were really killed at all or if it had some kind of delusions about the oz or part of local police. Until the final stage-where they have popped up to the church. <br /> We also get an insight on a previous relationship between Tina and Hank with her, drinking and obnoxious acting, trying to get it on with Hank as Beth Walking in Blood Hank and Tina even noticing it. That seemed to upset Beth even more then his companion was murdered at the start of the movie!
