Simply awful slasher, molded out of I know what you've always been drinking drunk, have pretty rich college students spending spring breaks in a Florida condo killed one by one. A misfire in every imaginable category comes from well-built suspense and execution of death sequences. There is nothing that is okay and the characters leave little more than caricatures or roots to see as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (the curse of living living; I eat your skin), everyone, executive product, co-writing, and star as a priest in an essential role that relates to the assassin I guess means a why it's psychotic. The revelation of the sick is ill and effective, probably not surprising a soul who is watching it. There are a lot of horrible horrible jumps, with one character popping out to make friends friends, which could not even fabricate a few cheap emotions, because they are so calculated in such a way tedious. Most of the attacks occur on screen and bleeding throat bleeding (.. or pool) representing the only real exposure to violence. The protracted final, where the killer goes on and off with the actor desperately trying to make his villain like diabolically and depressed as possible, is embarrassing and tense-less. There is no single positive seduction to derive from this clichéd exercise and dull and the nice cast make little effort to riding past one dimensional role. And, for the sake of mercy, they could at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence get decapitated or something to resist the misery of sitting in this junk pile for 90 minutes agonizing. The heroine final girl, Beth Morgan, who the assassin seems to be obsessed with, could not be more empty and refreshing (oh, he was in rehab, and taking pills for his dreams; such as intriguing displays). Chad Allen, thrown against kind of a very intimidating "friend" of the group (which happens to disappear from the movie first, setting up the idea that it is the first victim), has a tough mountain for riding and His role, so steep it eventually stumbles, rolls uncontrollably and endlessly. Jeff Conaway, who needs some cash I guess, has the role to engage FBI agent, whose daughter's murder motivates him to seek the killers, leading him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as a smart-smelling mouth in Florida, often with nose and nose and silver Conaway. Oh, the answer to the title ... is not really. Because once you get the answer, you will ask why you are bothered with this anyway.
