The movie started with Wheeler sneaking into the apartment in his girlfriend. His aunt (Edna Me Oliver - a talented man for this movie) did not like Wheeler - a feeling I can easily relate. The aunt decided to take this young african lady abroad to get it away from Wheeler. They left with Wheeler investing in a revolution in a mythical kingdom because they promised to make him king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same mythical kingdom and made it king. So, when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight it out, but they refused because they are already friends - that much shame the people, as killed and replaced King is a national pastime. I'm a big fan of comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - the silent era of the 1940s. I saw and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these films and despite my love and appreciation for the films I could never understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - only the comedy team that might be as bad like the Brothers Ritz! Although being very successful in their short career in Hollywood (cut short due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that practically all other successful teams have made the same basic but better ideas. For example, there was plenty of elements in this film reminiscent of the movie Marx Brother, DUCK SOUP, again CRACKED NEVER never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a funny comic and very enjoyable. Sometimes, Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but jokes he never had to point out that even remotely funny! In fact, it just seemed to prattle freeware. Only her funny quality was that she looked goofy - surely not enough reason to put her on film. In addition, Wheeler has appealed to comedy at a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sings very badly! An opportunity missed was Old Vaudeville routine later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who's the first" made in this movie but he missed any spark in understanding or distribution. In fact, soon after they started their game, they just finished the routine - so prematurely that you're leaving frustrated. I knew that "who at first" was around for many years and used by many outfits, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey giving her a just shot and giving her own twist. <br /> again, I found another movie sub-par by this duo. While I must admit that I liked a few of the mildly films (such as SILLY BILLIES and RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave the 6 on IMDb), this one was a major endurance test filling - something that I find happening too often when I see the films of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor ?!
