Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back' I must have been on a big kick Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. 'Soul Survivor' is a joke of "psychological thriller" dressed as a movie slasher filmed slashing films - even at the point of having a blue stalk mask a cast of young up-and-comers like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty) , Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and the likes of Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also in the ridiculous miscast as a priest. The film, the brainchild of writer / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant genetic to 'open your eyes' or 'vanilla sky' and movies where a character (and the audience) keeps in a world of dizziness caused by an accident / death. The film keeps churning out images entangled with our leaves in a state of confusion of the whole time until this alternate reality finally solves. I do not think these movies are fun - not very nature-to start with, but 'SS' is rock-bottom cinema dump any way you slice it. The visuals, the script, acting and the attempt of any originality are moving afterthoughtsts movies like this. Plus, it's PG-13 so it does not even deliver the gorus or T & A to sustain it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is to tame). I've heard that the movie has some "hot" showers showers between Dushku & Sagemiller. As the movie fell apart from me and all other entertainment seemed to be lost I found myself waiting patience for the shower scene - at least I would get something out of this. Then it comes: two girls get paintings on their shirt and jump in the shower completely dress and rub it off. That's it. Who thought it was hot? 'Soul survivor' is one of those dead-dead boring cinema that is so weak and inept that it is difficult to have any feelings in all directions. He puts out nothing and is hardly worth writing about. At the end it leaves us empty. The final frame is a mess of flashing light and sound sound and that's probably the most alive part. It will no doubt have to make the judges discontinued late night in the USA or Sci-Fi Channel, due to its low cost and rating PG-13 - and that's probably best for it.
