The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission sent to the Sun to warn the catastrophe of firing a bomb in its fiery heart: yes, it's Solar Crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burns a great piece of unprecedented change on screen back in 1990 and has barely returned enough to buy a happy meal for each of the cast in Japan before going straight to video (remember them?) in a re-edited version credited to one Alan Smithee . Zinc plot is very similar to the Sunshine - Sun Suicide Mission in the Sun, Saboteur on board, addiction logic - except that this time is not trying to achieve the sun but prematurely popping a solar rocket before it reaches Earth. With a talking bomb. Voice by Paul Williams. Who wants to be encouraged for the crew to take it seriously ?? Given that the cast also includes Jack Palance in its most dementedly OTT, Charlton Heston's most rigid, self-timed Tim Matheson's most anonymous herbs, the original hills have unforgettable Michael Berryman (you can not remember the name but you DO NOT remember that figure) with Peter Boyle as the industrialist comes out of the mission's sabotage because, if he succeeds the world will save but the share price it will go down, you would expect if it's not a laugh-a-minute at least a laugh every reel. There is no joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: one boring. The fate of the world may be hanging in the balance, but the entire film is bullet with a complete lack of urgency or momentum of even the dangerous slow bishop slowing speed. There are low-key and there's walking in it, but here the cast does not even do that. Instead, they just stand still looking at the screen near darkness for most of the time. You keep on hoping to speak Paul Williams' bomb suffer a crisis of existence, but instead the movie just ... standing, doing nothing next. Literally. This is one of the most inactive movies ever made ?? So inactive that if Clive Owen was cast, he'd almost have to look alive by comparison. Even an attempt to mislead suicide repair fails to raise a fritter of interest since it mostly involves, yep, throw in just standing still looking at the screen near darkness. Even when the bombs prematurely go to countdown before being launched to deal with the new crisis by ?? stand still looking at the screen near darkness as if they had all the time in the world. Commercial Movie-Ivory has the best action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not so much alive on Earth where the movie spends most of it in running time with Matheson's grandson / son Chuck Corin Nemec trying to lift a ride through Spaceport through an arid landscape and art Crazy in the palm of "looking for this note while the chicks are always digging me" while Waylaid does not reject from a mad ripoff and evil company that follows it down to be ?? Drop it on a beautiful beach. Just do not expect logic, if you have not already guessed that much. Best Time? A diaper girl in a bar depicting Jack Palance as "An old guy with white hair and a figure like leather rot," though Chucky Baby takes out the wicked plane and a bazooka shot from the hip out of a window office or beating up a butterfly that loves its beret is welcome to camp in a movie that for 99% of it in running time offers a whole lot of nuttin '. Richard C. Sarafian's a little longer offspring that has been played in Japan has offered another six minutes but weeping out to be cut down in one more managing 17: The director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky star when re- The editors gave him an excuse to take his name on the movie. A bad movie is not good, and painfully unfunny with it
