(This is a review of the later release of Disney, featuring Alison Lohman, Patrick Stewart, and Co.) <br /> I really wanted this movie to be good. Really, really. I'm a big fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away, and after seeing all the glowing reviews on this movie Miyazaki earlier, I wanted to see it. But I was shocked, shocked to say, in this film quality. Those later films boast well-crafted, 3-dimensional characters, and the best movie music since ... well ... ever. This movie just does not come close. But as well as starting w / positive aspects, though. Like all Miyazaki films, this one is still very imaginative, with a fabulous fantasy / sci-fi fantasy, in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. Nausicaa can also boast some animation far superior to other films from its time. (though not as nice and fluid as Miyazaki's later film) And the English voice act is quite well done. But this movie ... just ... is not ... good ... The cartons are all - from sweet little Nausicaa bags, the evil malware Tolmekians, to everyone in between. Once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds, you've seen all there. And the fact that the just ambulance scheme does not help. Then there's the music ... Now Hisaichi is but my favorite movie composer, but Nausicaa does not make him justice. Half the music is 80's keyboard is packed, and it usually enters with leaves as suddenly as it distracts the visuals rather than helps them. I highly suspect Hisaichi said they had a lot of music before he even saw the picture. <br /> But wait! Has a great message with this movie, right? Let's all save the environment! Too bad that this movie hit you on the head and it's like a sledgehammer. There is a scene in which Nausicaa hugs a tree. No, really. I'm not kidding. <br /> It makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is. But for some reason, all the other comments on IMDb seem to worship it. But when the characters have to talk to themselves in extended phrases tell you what's going on, that's lame. <br /> <br /> If you are the kind of person who worship anime, enjoy the 80's music, and plant a tree arbor everyday, you'll probably love this movie. Otherwise, save your money for her later film, because of great time rock.
