The point of Wolfe's original novel - true point in the whole story - is that things take place because of a sense of precisely calculated in exile. The goal is to survive in a particular type of life style. The novel is full of bad. The only relationship that true emotional earrings is that between Sherman and her daughter, Campbell, and this only touches on. Aside, everyone is out for what it can get in the way of advertising, power, money or self-aggression. <br /> <br /> Wolfe was criticized for hitting every character and every social segment of New York City on the top. His answer was a refusal. After all, he lived in New York himself and belonged to a neighborhood improvement committee and other admirable organizations, exactly the qualification someone would want on his resume to deny that he was not New Yorkers. (Wolfe has a PhD in American Studies from Yale and has no dummy.) Those assuming weaknesses are what made novel memorable. Nobody was good. And Sherman McCoy was wound up, a professional prosecutor for social justice. The film throws everything far and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply does not fit. Wolfe did his homework. The novel was rooted in reality. Each event was not only possible but quite credible. Wolfe can have made a great cultural anthropologist - he knows how to get inside a system and record its details. <br /> Yes, any of us might find ourselves, as Sherman and his mistress stuck in South Bronx, threatened by a couple of black kids, and made a getaway after bumping into one of them. This scene transfers neatly into seluloid prints. <br /> But after that the film scene seems to have no confidence in its audience and at times gets frantic in its attempts to spell out its message, however the nebulous message is. <br /> <br /> Sherman could accidentally hit some kid and be arrested for her as she is in the novel, but she did not immediately overdo her from prison to go back to her phenomenal expensive phenomenon, Take a shotgun, and start shooting at the ceiling with it, as it does in the bad. In what is supposed to be a funny scene, plaster ceiling falls on all the guests and they scurry away, pray. It simply would not happen. The film has left the reality inactively detailed novel of the dirt. Wolfe's sensitivity, the work he put in the real capture, was lost. What we find rather is a noisy, fantastic, and funny scene that does nothing except waking up the audience. Just as empty scene follows, screaming out for Wolfe's Verilimilite. The film also failed because it has pushed a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of nihilism morale. Here we see "Don Juan in Hell" of the opera. We get lectures about redemption from a poet and help. We see a lot of guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of these final speeches about how we all need to start enjoying again. A reporter who feels sorry for Sherman after he's turned into a sacrificial lamb. With a happy end to that Sherman gets off by breaking the law with an idiot grimes. The scene sits on the movie as a capsizer cap on top of the elephant circus. The movie not only makes the point that is already unpainted and unoriginal, it's exaggerated, as if the audience was incapable of absorbing any intricacies. <br /> It does not act or the poor direction. The movie is not bad in those respects. And the photography is also very good, including two rather spectacular shots - the gargoyles of the Chrysler building and the landing of the Concorde. It is the well-botched script. <br /> <br /> The first half of the film, roughly, is okay in conception and execution. It holds some of the little details of the novel. Sherman and Judy's dog called Marshall. Who the hell would call a dog Marshall? It loses its concentration almost completely in the second half and over there is barely worth seeing. <br /> <br /> Wolfe's sinful redneck-wingism can be offensive to a lot of people, but it has received the cojones to put him perception out. Wrong writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and thus had the chance to make a fascinating study in New Yorkers.
