I agree sometimes ... you try and try and try to be charitable towards all B Z stars in the classroom out there, but once in a particular movie just test your patience until you want to calm everyone involved. "Beat people" (which I saw under the title "He lives at night") is just like a movie. You can not watch this without thinking that it should really be an episode about "Night Gallery", and not one of the best ones, either. The movie has something to do with a doctor who gets bitten by a stick and so begins morph in a Were-Bat that drinks without human. (Actually, you would think if it turned into a real stick, it would be to eat mosquitoes by the braid bucket, but because this is a cheap, sturdy movie lurid, the word blood.) In spite of the fact that it has crisis Grandmother's drop in a hat, and black-out episodes almost every night, her friends and fellow physicians, Aspen-Extreme Mustache, emphasize that she's just got an 'allergic reaction' of the rage shots. Meanwhile, the most clumsy and stereotyped sheriff in the world suspect the doc being responsible for the brutal murder and explanation of several local girls (with one Winx). Meanwhile, the doctor's wife decides that refusal is a river in Egypt and alternately patronizes it, and nags it in distraction. <br /> It's not so much that the act is bad - you can say that the actors are making profits of choice level, and are trying to bring some juices and lives into the script, even the guy who plays the sheriff. (Well, it is very bad, but it's bad in a luxurious, wooden, professional way). It's just that everything about the act, the scene stage is rhythm, costumes, the dialogue, the script and the story line in general lay your teeth on the edge and make you want, well, slap everyone involved. <br /> I think the film had a chance outside of being a spooky, disturbing little favorite cult, but: <br /> <br /> 1) The director needs to beat Michael Pataki, a character actor experienced, and a chair until Pataki agreed with ACT, and it's not just channel Dennis Weaver. <br /> 2) He also needed to find a script that made a little more sense related to the "Beat the Bite Human, which then turned into a" storyline. 3) He needed the actor who played the doctor to find a little bit more credible bit of step business for his 'episodes', instead of resorting to "Man Has a Crisis" page from the Little Book Golden in Clichéd Enterim Mannerisms. <br /> 4) He needed to navigate the 'wife' character, making him both intelligent, less shrill and waaaaay more alert. I never voluntarily watch this movie again, except with the help of Mike and the Bots. It's bad, but it's not bad in a funny, funny or interesting way. Still better than "Battlefield Earth" or "Waterworld", though.
