"The Beat People" is a proud resident of the IMDb 100 Bottom. Every once and while the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentary on American stars Idol, but it is still viable to return sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike the majority of craps in this list, "The Beat People" is a legitimate bad movie and it deserves to be on the regardless of any media influence or Internet buzz! This almost is not the worst movie ever made, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and intelligence, but it's still undesirable hard to sit in the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely necessary foot padding and gigantic gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters still remain alien in the entire movie. Other than a sensitive storyline, the movie also misses spectacular kill sequences and the make-up effects ?? although courtesy of a young Stan Winston ?? They are ludicrously designed and remain largely unseen until the end of the movie. The movie title is incorrect, as "people" refers to a number of pluralals whereas the story actually just turned on one Bat Person. More than Bruce Wayne, Batman's real play in this movie and it as well has a genuine Bat-Cave and a Mobile Bat (a stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple on the honeymoon to explore Caves. They wander through a guided tour group and it bites by a stick also trying to protect his wife from the vicious attack. Worrying that he might be infected with rabies, he subjected an intense treatment to the local hospital, but still does not prevent him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty rod. It kills random people at night and games around with the police suspect police also believes wives still persistent to the left behavior is due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment. Sure, honey! The script never explained why a stick would attack people and how John always changed into a normal human being on Sunday morning a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of stick-guano. So, basically, "The Beat People" is a variation on the old-old old-fashioned theme, but obviously not a very interesting one. The concept has shown a lot of potential, but somehow sub-site centers on whiny drunks and perverted Sheriff instead of horrible monsters. Some of the settings and exterior movie locations look impressive, this misfit song while these credits are oddly enticing, there is a little bit of Gore during the climax (finally!) And main actress Marianne McAndrew is ravishing look at (though not listen to). The actually bad and boring film at 100 below is number 80, and I personally hope to stick somewhere in this region. The list simply would not feel and traditional without "The Beat People."
