Hello Lou Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Hamilton High School bullet in 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) is cheating on his date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) and Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out & is devastating, meanwhile Mary Lou announced Bullet Queen 1957 & taken to the stage to accept her award. Bill, always wounded, decided to play a joke on Mary Lou so she launched a stage rider, but still lit her capture Mary Lou's clothes and put her on fire, in Mary Lou's seconds is toast. 30 years later & Hamilton High is soon to hold his annual bullet night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the principal and has a young son named Craig (Justin Louis) who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) & they are both planning to attend the bullet together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago still haunt both Bill & Bud. One day, Vicki is looking around the basement school when she discovered a big trunk that she opens, this turns out to be a bad move as the vengeful spirit of Mary Lou sets free & is intended to claim her crown as Queen Queen & Time reserve sets out to avert his death premature. First up is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose deaths are put down to a suicide, Mary Lou starts to own Vicki's body as the night of the bullet draws closer. After being cast into some competitions in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tries to fix the ball to win. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned Hamilton High Balloon Queen allowing Mari Lou himself to come back from the dead to make an unexpected appearance & really live the party up ... <br /> With absolutely no connection to the original Prom Night (1980) & directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Alo Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. The script by Ron Oliver focuses more on supernatural elements rather than cheap teen slasher themes, if this was a good or bad decision will depend on your expectations I suppose. Personally I find these different elements did not really frost or work well together at all. The movie all was far from slow to be really enjoyable, after the opening sequence where Mary Lou died no one else died until the half hour marks and then the movie slip together for another half a hours until Vicki is finally owned & the movie finally picks up momentum for the climax where a bad Mary Lou kills one single one in the bullet before it is supposedly beaten, coming on your horror movie fans or hoping that 'kicked' killer do not die & get ready for a sequel 'did not you? Do not expect a hight body count, just five of all films and not particularly graphic although I did as the Monica Road (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a shower room lock that Mary Lou broke down and caused Monica's poor outdoors. On the north side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is shown by Vicki who has many hallucinations for the first hour and Mary Lou controls objects during the last stages including a couple of creepy shots in a rocky horse that comes to life The chart stage is as good as it gets into water & zombies but drags Vicki into it. Slasher Alone Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not outstanding, I did as Mari Lou herself as she churns out a mandatory one-piece material and she did for a good villain even though she did not get to kill enough people . Oh, yes yes, I've found homage to run in various other movie directors and almost all of the characters share names and one, this obviously adds nothing to the movie but it's a nice little touch would believe. The act is OK, but Normally Micheal Ironside seems to lose and be interested in almost as he asks himself what he's doing in this & if he's working again. Forget about any Gore, hanging, having a stab and a cross that happens on screen, someone is trapped with a neon light, a computer goes crazy & electrocutes someones face (!?) & Mari Lou burst out in Vicki's body at first as a rotten zombie that was quite a cool scene. There are some full nudity shots ahead of the girls' showers as well, if that's your thing. Giving Some Credit Alo Mari Lou: Prom Night II is OK to look at, there is reasonable production value at all & generally well done. In general I was disappointed by Hello Mari Lou: Prom Night II, it was just too slow and finally admitted to keeping my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure she deserves a rating of 3 or 4 stars, I'll give her a 4 as nothing especially wrong with her. I suppose & I sat in the movie worse but she just did not really do anything to I'm scared.
