I just got the UK 4-disc special edition of Superman 1 for about $ 5. The more thing included the 1951 Superman features and moles-people. So I threw it to the DVD player last night, and here are my results. There are some first deception - I did not check, and I think I've read mentally attained as one of Kirk Alyn's series. I'm not a big fan of George Reeves as Superman, and I did not see anything other than the odd clip of Kirk Alyn - but hey, never mind. <br /> This black and white production runs for less than an hour. He felt in a couple of episodes in one of the early television series Reeves, a two-party, set up for release movies, although IMDb says he was filmed as a movie release in advance of the TV series first. In any event, it's an odd choice for reasons I'll get later. I'm an age where I remember the TV and movie production limited in one or two places and lying, so there was no big surprise here. Even so, for a low budget film, this one is really low budget. The history of the small town of Silsby - the population of 1,430 - which, puzzlingly, is also home to deeper oils in the world well (6 miles). The story opens and controls the estate quickly to take steps to close the bottom. This conflict and the arrival of metropolitan reporters Kent and Lane to report the estate, to the contest of the oil company. As Clark is sniffing out the fact that the exercise has appeared in a radioactive cavern 6 kilometers down, a couple of odd men (small in high, big head, black in constant, and bushy in eyebrows) ranging from the square-off drillshaft, and start mooching round town with expression on the faces. <br /> <br /> A deep breath now, here is the plot left in the picture. The little guys scare some children, so Jeff Corey (playing the xenophobe rampant town) incites some pals to kill those "animals". The Superman stage (moderately ineffectually) and catches one of the little guys who shot and took him to the local hospital. Corey's burn down the other shack the little fellow hides and assumes it is killing, but it's night and his legs down the shaft. Corey encourages a lynch mob (despite the sheriff arrested) to hang the Mol-Man Hospital. Superman stopped them entering the hospital and took the injured chappie into the shaft to return him to his friends. A total of 4-mile-male exits with a gun in some sort of fire in Jeff Corey (I call this a Aargh! Gun because its sole effect seems to make Corey go "Aargh!") And Superman saves him. He instantly changed his way because of his superman merchandise seized him after the road he had behaved, the mole-people went back down the shaft. End a. Although the film was only a long time, there was a set amount of money to swirl around, cautiously and prosecute - I left all the "Mol-Man 1 ramps from A to B, looking to make sure no -a one is following it "thing. The big-men are never engaged in any way - they have no dialogue - they just turn up, get persecuted, and go back. They look a little crap, but they are hardly the Sin-Peas monsters that the city's reaction implies. Reeves is quite a good Clark Kent - many a hard-renowned reporter, much more than that Phyllis Coates' rather indifferent Lois Lane. But it is a terrible, terrible superman. Not only does she look at the party (at least her hair is colored black in this, which is an improvement to the hair rather light her sporadic in some of the TV episodes), how she plays it all bad in my book . I'm sure he told them to "hit the pose" (which is superman doing so still), but someone should tell him that he should point on hips, not pointing to the ribs. And he plays Superman as a rather strict and instructor instructor - he's not actually fingering his fingers in remonstration, but it can as well do. <br /> <br /> And superman made a huge amount of money around (I say a huge amount - it is not actually in it all that much), and a bit of run. It takes down and lands a couple of times, but is not seen in theft at any point. Oh, some bullets bounce off, and uses telescopic vision like Clark, but with no visual accompanying effect. In fact, visual effects are evident by their absence, and some are not very good. <br /> I tried to consider this effort by reference to the standards at the moment: but even by these standards I think it is a very filable effort. Fortunately, production standards on television series were higher, and at least the problem was coming up with stories that were a bit more .. <br /> Something in a disappointment - I'm not going to watch it again.
