A truly disturbed, psychopath cannibalist, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) lives in a cave, footstep that makes the unfortunate mistake of trekking in his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Baptist) entered a playful argument with their wife, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, the late wife of Gary Kent)) & Teddy (Ann Wilkinson) about surviving the camp wood by themselves. To prove a point, the gals decided to head to the desert from Los Angeles for a disturbing partner camp to the point that they soon followed afterwards. Falling animals for John, Teddi soon killed as Sharon runs for his life as the men arrive late in the wilderness due to overheating the trucks. Scary, tired, and paranoid, Sharon receives some very unusual help. John the Great! It is right, John's children to stay in the desert, ghostly appearances on those who exist in the woods, take a simple special Sharon, help guide her to safety with her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find refuge in a pour down with the darkness at night in the very cave of John life. Cooking on a burning fire, the meat freshman is actually at Charlie's wife, Teddy! Unknowingly Charlie feeds from the meat when offered by John who finds other people inside her home! Anyway, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie put out to get them as morning breaks. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve, and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve suffers a fracture fracture between two massive rocks on a river flowing, it will only hamper only as a nightmare scenario, and Sharon follows his ghostly young friends in potential security. One point, struggling with their father does not kill him. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and went to break the movie funding) smartly shoots the movie in such an enchanting, gorgeous location in the Sequoia National Park, in California, where These tower tower towers, and I basically look backwoods surniers for this very purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find Jones' direction in the very atmospheric environment .. The dread was missing, although some attacks were rather disturbing by John using his knife (.. injection into a smart way, camera Jones' suggest more than what's actually on screen, again, somehow, still realizing that the gasp of what John is doing to the victims). In such a picturesque scenery, to see innocents are preyed by a maniac, the kind of raising fear. City town tries to spend a few nice days in a different place, smell the air clean, cool, enjoy the sights of a beautiful look, only to find themselves followed by a creepy predator with a very intimidating knife. Given the story behind why John is the Monster is it, Jones allows us to witness his memory of discovering his wife's adultery and reacting appropriately (.. it is also a ghost in the desert looking for her children, who wants to punish them "being naughty") kills both her and the lover in the bed (.. a fridge reflider). Children, sad and depressed suicidal and now "haunt" the desert, always interact with the PAs or people that they choose. I realized such a gift as ghost kids in a backwoods slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea rather hokey and too funny to take seriously. They help our heroine escape a potentially dangerous situation, but it was awfully difficult to keep from giggling uncontrollably. Music I found soon 80 and their performance was not mind-blowing. I mean I was able to react to the situation they were in, because it is indeed quite terrifying to find us in a familiar and hostile territory being driven by someone who knows the area well. I think the film looks in many ways not to go through the woods .. ALONE!, Except that the jungle has the aforementioned ghost kids (.. the voices echo when talking to Sharon, their father, or with each other) . Gary Kent resembles a George Lucas room, with clothes that are cut, and losing mankind. As I mentioned above, the violence is not as grisly as what suggests because director Jones is able to effectively cut off a great kick penetration, but the way he steps pieces are set to leave you rather confused (like Teddy kills teddy's people, the mostly silhouetted violence on the surface of a nearby rock formation, it's easy to stop and, once stabbing several times, try to pull away from its predator only to be over; a scarf is scratched ). I've seen better and worse in this type of slasher movie, it's rather mediocre, at best, with some effectively scouting scenery. I do not really think it's particularly memorable, for the exception of the ghost kids.
