The movie begins with a pair of cars, a man and a woman presumably together, hiking alone in the vast desert. Make sure the man's ear hears something and he loads it very much and goes to investigate it. Our assassin salutes it with a stomach in the stomach. She then chases the girl with her throat bar. The camera during the opening stage is from the point of view as the killer. We next meet our four main characters, two couples, one of which is on the rocks. The guys joke about how the woman would never be able to handle camp on a double date, which prompted the blond ambition to leave an early week. Suddenly, the guys leave the same day with the crushed cars ... They end up arriving in the evening. When the men arrived, they were warned about the missing people in the jungle by a crazy doppleganger Ralph. They ignore the warning and corporate at night in Narris with a playground playing in the background and lyrics about being murdered in the dark forest. The guys get lost. <br /> <br /> In the next stage we realize that this is not just another burning script, but a ghost story! The women, scared and lonely are embraced in the fire. Two kids appear in the shade and decide to play peeping Tom. Well they obviously ghosts in their voice paths echo! Mom appeared bloody in a hole in her forehead and asked two ladies if they had seen their children before they disappeared. <br /> <br /> Children run home with dad and tell her about the two beautiful ladies at the river. This caused quite a stir and rose, grabbing his knife from the fireplace. "The father will hunt," the girl, shouted and dejected. It is apparent here, that the father is not a ghost as his children. <br /> <br /> Freaked from something in the woods, the blonde sign splits, running eyes shut in the night, carrying a knife. He met the father who explained he was starving and he would be quick. This does not make sense because of the growls growls we hear earlier (Maybe it's allergic! Do Honorally even Panthers in California?) She ends up hurting her a little before getting stabbed at the top. A thunderstorm thunder and people seek shelter, which turns out to be where the father lives. Clearly a person lives here because there is a fire and something unusual to taste about it. Children appear and warn their father, showing moment later. They disappear as soon as it happens. <br /> For whatever reason, our killers only go after women. She invited the men to have something to eat and tell us stories about her ex-wife. We give a flashback to his wife getting caught cheating. The old man does not tell them however that he killed him with his lover after that, but daydreams about him. We do not give the reason to break the children. The guys went to sleep and left injured. In the morning, the men discovered the empty campaign of their wives. After a brief discussion were split. One is to stay in the camp, while the other goes and gets help. The one who is going back to his car breaks his feet. We are assembled with the children as they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who have killed themselves being sad about their mothers. They agree to help women to meet with their friends <br /> The scene below challenges the logic of the movie when dad kills the guy waiting in the camp. It also dates or blows the blonde. Somehow the children realized he was murdered and told the woman about it. He decided to see it for himself and obviously run into the killer. Luckily the kids make it stop standing threatening to leave it forever. You know where this will be. <br /> <br /> The overall movie deserves four stars from ten, and this is being generated. For all its misgivings, the music score is well done. It is also always visible. There are some camera angles that look professional, and some of these sets are done well. The plot is incredible. There is such a thing as desired suspicion of disbelief, but with the frog 6 miles away; I can not imagine the blot of signs would take off like that in the night. I mean, come on! <br /> - Alan "Ale" Bannacheck
