I mean in all the dark, neglected, budgetary support budgets waiting to be re-discovered in a DVD release, why choose the jungle? I love ultra low budget directing of home video or other alternative horror release. I love 80s hacker hacker. I love wood slashers and fools who wander in the night to be chased, murdered by food by psychopaths. I am all for the idea of ​​professional who does not work on a horror movie as a way to perhaps break into the industry or just make a movie because they want to be one. I am all used to find public places, non-actors, no talent behind the camera and in the studio. THERE ARE NO PROBLEMS! The most evocative image from the jungle is the opening shot of a couple walking in the distance through a forest in the woods: We see them as small, vulnerable animals entering a gloomy world where people can not head in the food chain or most feared predators. Then the movie takes a dip & never recovers - we briefly meet the hiking couple as they realize they have leaned. They get separated, both stuffy, and then we meet the protagonist movie as they drive their cars into a traffic jam. They meet up with their respective mates and decide to take a camping trip. Sound radio full of room as people came to watch a small movie and cell phone text messages people have not told them how the movie absorbs. <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this film is too talky. That would not be such a bad thing if the writers gave people something to say other than the most stupid, artificial and necessary things. You know your horror movie in trouble when the character and the most interesting line is the droopy-dreaded ranger that warns everyone from the cannibal woods. And to talk about these "woods" to look at as far as civilization as much the amount overgrown behind the football fields, only with bigger rock and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive shots in the jungle of primeval, but no real sense of being from the middle of it. If any one of the characters just sits on the trail and waits long enough someone would tie in. <br /> <br /> What's worse about the movie is that it fails to generate any interested people: I do not know who these couples are and do not care what's going on them. The Hermit Cannibal Slasher guy is refreshing even when pretending to see freshly cooked meat off the leg of one of his victims serves grisly her boyfriend's bite, who just came to seek shelter in his cave. The ironiness of which is the epitome of "underwhelming". Completed with an absolute threatening synthetic music note, suspicious cinematography looks like someone attaches a camera on a dog and follows the person's movement, a lack of garbage, nudity, horrendous emotions and unwholesome atmosphere and what we have here is a movie horror that is not as scary as a TV show PBS about how magnet works. <br /> I do not mean to "flat it out" to the people behind this movie, since they obviously went into the project and next to nothing, did not push themselves to be creative and ended with just Another boring film on some maggot pursues women in the woods with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, what is wrong is the unimaginative and absolutely pedestrian path that has been executed, right down to the conclusion utterly unnecessary when the movie simply peters out of about 80 minutes to the mark. The best thing that you can tell about the jungle is that it's about relatively quickly and there are not many commands a repeated screening - that's why my confusion is why anyone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was good as a Prism Video rental year, as a DVD it will be $ 5.99 price fare in a month to hit the shelves. There is little or no urgency to see the movie, unless you are considering making your own ultra low budget backwoods hackers set in a public park where nobody can charge you for filming. Here is a guide to steps to avoid doing. <br /> With all that has been said and done, the movie did have one interesting sequence, or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and unusually thought that it became an enigmatic in an otherwise off & The fool came home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He sends his beloved, arm himself with a kitchen knife that looks like he's just to be used in a horror movie and taking off after the interloper. Guys the corners and his career attacks, who sidesteps & run away, only have the psycho materialized in his footsteps with a bigger gun, badder. The psycho attacks again, and the guy gets away. P psycho is conscious again, and once more the guy gets away. Then again! Finally on the fifth try the trip to the psychic dude so they fall off some sort of a bladed contribution. How did he keep materializing armed with larger Badder weapons like that? Is there some supernatural elements of this psycho? Since the movie has never made it clear either the scene is just an enigma, the scene builds some tension. Its goal remains clear. The whole movie is like that really, which exists without any need to be made and executed in such a tiny, fussy, refreshing way that one can not help but wonder what point in it was. , with enough proof that just because you can drop a movie on DVD that does not mean you necessarily should be.
