This dark title and (almost justice) mind 80's inevitably remind me of mega-smash-monster hit the songs and the same title, hence a piece of lyrics in the title section of this user's comments. Also, I did not have anything else to say that was helpful, anyway. But hey, the "forest" is not entirely hopeless and not even * bad, actually. If there is nothing else, at least it obeys, if you do not write, the first rule of the slasher 80: kill someone in the first 10 minutes of recreation. Make sure you've heard about the basic base of this movie a dozen times before, but do not let that discourage you from watching it, as the "jungle" has a couple of things that are more to offer than just a image appealing unpleasantly harmful. It's actually a bit of an 80's atlasic slasher! The main characters are not ordinary brainless teens and the script has solid ambitions towards supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, let alone be possible, but it's more than interesting enough to keep your attention and have the same ones a couple of amazing moments of tension and twisting draws to enjoy. Married couples decided to go camping in the most isolated woods in California, but due to a stupid wagering bets separately from their husbands. Rarely set up for the night, they receive victory visits from a mother looking for her two children, the kids themselves and finally the father from hunting for human body. The family relieves real or imaginary cases, but women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrive, they have already disappeared. The guys are too crowded, and they get more information about the background a little dysfunction. The "Forest" is a strange and unusual film, they say the least. It's not exactly a masterpiece of plot, but the quite strange atmosphere will certainly appeal to open-minded fans of 80 horrors. The killers are fairly rude and will be filmed, including a throat throat and a painstaking view-massacre, and where they are stunningly beautiful films. The more you contemplate the story with its abrupt twist, less of it makes any sense, so my advice would be just to enjoy this odd look for as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. Their acting performance is just above the middle, the music is okay and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for 70 exploitation of 70 "sick people") tried to be a little more creative than most of 80 horror films. Too bad it finally fails.
