I watched this movie last night with an anticipation, but really did not much impress. <br /> With the exception of 'Combo', I thought the act was poor and the narrative narrative. He came across as a 'drama for TV' drama. <br /> I felt that the movie was very comprehensible. Everything is set up in the context of the context at the beginning (yes, we find that this is 80s Britain - you can stop now) was tedious, and gave a very one-sided look at what life was as in Britain's 80s - poverty, juxtaposed wars and royalty, Margaret Thatcher, yet there is nothing in between? There were actually average classes that existed back then - just ordinary people working, with a decent salary and a mortgage. The Falklands clips seemed to have been added randomly towards the end, for 'dramatic effect', I suppose. The Event Sequell felt a disjointed tad, as the characters moved one action to the next without seeing how they could change quickly. <br /> <br /> The relationship between 'Shaun' and 'Smell' was toe-curling. I could not even watch during the snogging scene. I find it very difficult to believe that he would have been attracted to a boy who was not only so much smaller, but also looked much smaller. I know there were only four years between them, but four years is nothing once you reach your wines, but it's a big difference in your teens! In my experience, that kind of teen difference only occurs when the girl is younger, since girls mature so much faster, and they are more about boys' wavelengths a few years older. Sorry, but I did not buy it - a necessary scheme point created for shock values. The finish was a bit abrupt and, again, perfectly. If the flag sent incidents was supposed to be iconic, then it fell a bit short of my eyes. <br /> It's my bug that British films only concern themselves with either upper classes or the poverty. Do not get me wrong, I love Trainspotting, and four Weddings have its charm, but can not we Brits come up with anything different? Why do our films still hang on the class system? I was born in 1973, so there was not much different in the age of 'Shaun' would've been in 1983. I grew up in a single parent family of a real estate council down-trodden in a city in England. However, my childhood experience was very different from those described in the movie - I do not even remember racism was a problem (although I did not say it does not exist). 'This is England'? Not in my experience. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that I felt this film was missing substance, and I was completely bored and impressed at all.
