It is always difficult to have a siblings doing their best in life than you, always a struggle to get out of that shadow and do not let bitterness keep you away from your family. So imagine that your older brother is Santa and then imagine how difficult to be. That's the quote. Vince Vaughn plays Fred's title, a worthwhile deficit that spends a lot of energy on making sure that people are not around expecting good things to happen or give his brother, Santa (played by Paul Giamatti), too much praise for merely They were the starred hogging, famine, a little creepy guy who Fred would like to show him as. Then did not want you to know her, Fred needed a financial favor and so have to make up for her not helping her brother on the run up to Christmas. And the hilarity and lesson of life. <br /> Well, that's what should happen. The reality is that we find a Christmas movie featuring a good moment of Vaughn's quick patent, a ridiculously out-of-the-moment music video, Kevin Spacey plays an auditor from the close surgery of Santa (and is one of the most The weak of baddies I've seen in some time), not enough of the gorgeous Elizabeth Banks in a lush Christmas outfit, too much of John Michael Higgins to equip his elf (to be fair, it's a record though) and a movie In excess of the bitter swim feel like good season fare again schmaltzy fabrics in its half the letters feel like a keen junk of all the bad things about commercialism in the allotted time. Rachel Weisz is along for the ride as well as Kathy Bates, but she's really nothing more than a movie for Vaughn and if you like her style you'll find something to enjoy here la. Unfortunately, there are many other things to recommend this epic stinker. Outside of Vaughn's release the script barely throws up anything decent with the exception of a particularly good scene involving a hilarious support group to deal with a very specific issue. David Dobkin's direction is as mediocre and Tibetan as the 20p Christmas card that you send the auntie you have not seen in 10 years and it seems to think that simply put the ingredients together without a good mix or taking care will be guaranteed a delicious Christmas pudding. No, we get a whole burnt, bold and excessive sugar. Forget this and the hilarious elf stick over again if you want a great, modern Christmas comedy. <br /> <br /> Look at this if you like: Clause of Santa 2, Santa Baby, Clause of Santa 3: Clause of Escape.
