Take Me: A Formula Tired Christmas Comedy. The tires are tired of the talents behind it seems to be too. <br /> I love the holidays as much as the next guy (though I often have a bad case in the holiday blues), but it seems it's just being a dump for a bunch of comedies holiday that would be bad movies on any day of the year, but that does not make them any less painful during the season. As if we were already having enough SANTA CLAUSE movies (three and * gul * still counted), who wants to see a movie about his brother? In a conspiracy that would be in the house with Disney's SANTA CLAUSE franchise (save the humorous occasionally abundant and Santa's "Little" Help for putting a short skirt), FRED CLAUS is a quote from a joke that goes on for 116 minutes. Sure, Jolly Ol 'Saint Nick has a fee, but where does he go from there? <br /> It's a shame really. FRED CLAUS blessed with a cast that would have made it an enjoyable Christmastime comedy that will probably melt away with the snow, but it would have been so much better than that. Vince Vaughn is your typical snobbin, but we have led to believing that it is really the long time lost to Santa's never-aging brother (Paul Giamatti), who invited his good brother to visit. Mrs. Claus (Miranda Richardson) is reluctant, and worse, an expert expert (Kevin Spacey) has come to keep an eye on vigilant Father Christmas, and what he closes in was closed. Hah! And guess who plays Santa Santa! Kathy Bates of course. Elizabeth Banks is helping Santa to Charlene, John Michael Higgins is one of the elves, and Rachel Wiesz plays Fred's girlfriend! I do not know if I would praise the casting or bash. Here we have some familiar faces to add a touch of quality, but they're giving way too small to work with them. <br /> As for humor, the best that FRED CLAUS can possibly come up with is Santa's brother being opposed to his exactness and some jokes about an ELF DJ. I must admit I had a few giggles involving Fred going to a board for celebrity brothers (where he joined Stephen Baldwin, Roger Clinton and Frank Stallone), but the giggles began and ended. Worse still, the same suicidal film of sentimentality is supposed to make us "feel good" and teach us a lesson about "what Christmas really means". Apparently, this Christmas means Hollywood will receive as many of our rest of Christmas shopping as they can. <br /> Rating: ** from 5.
