"Fred Claus" somehow avoided becoming this year in the "Clause of Santa" by at least having a bit more fun than Tim Allen starrer, but it does not mean that he had enough to go for it's worth a tour of the theater. <br /> <br /> As holiday movie goes, it's versus sentimental. But actually, that would be the lesser of one's anxiety as "Fred Claus," the twentieth to have David Dobkin ("Shanghai Knights," "The Wedding Crashers") at the helm, there is virtually nary a really funny moment she scarcely draws lines between a Vincial Vince Vaughn vinyl car and a movie movie film. In the end, it does not amount much to both. With a cast that is understood by Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacey, Rachel Weisz, and Kathy Bates, all the more he left alone. <br /> <br /> Vaughn playing Fred, Nick (Giamatti) is older and estranged brother, who once temporarily left her with parents (Bates and Trevor Peacock) after she was has enough of his parents 'perfection' favoritism of his younger sibling. Nick grows up for Santa Claus (and as the voice tells us, frozen time over you and your family when you become a saint), while Fred gets a Yuletide-jaded man in Chicago who has a hard time remembering his girlfriend Wanda's (Weisz) birthday. He ran into trouble with the law and called his younger brother (whoever extraterrike seems at least a decade older than him) for his bail out of prison. Nick agrees but only if Fred agrees to help out the game packaging business up to the North Pole. Fred reluctance to agree but his cynicism erupted with Santa and nature all the time heavily, as an expert expertise (Spacey) will check on the game factory operations, only too happy to have all the Arctic operations closed if things are failing. /> <br /> The movie, as said, has its moments, but the lengthy running paddle slopes across its duration. In between piles of Christmas Cliche films are occupied best in, say, "Elf" and the attempts of sentimentality are as endearing as fruitcake last year. Vaugn, as usual, carries on his curiosity charm on the table, but the neutered script of Dan Fogelman kept him from really doing his stuff. Giamatti, under the bad grease suit, brings a jolly old iconic charm to her, but unfortunately, she plays second play Fred. Spacey brings his game face, but his turn usually ends as staple falsils. Finally, "Fred Claus" becomes a forgettable film that falls below what it deserves. Sure, there is much way to start the season in the movie, but there are certainly far better ways.
