The pain of Christmas film with an equally painful performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual self frat but this time for a movie, but with out the wit or charm of his R rated film . Vaughn seems like he is on autopilot though most of the movie and keeps running in the walls with his substandard performance. After 30 minutes of the movie, you would be in touch with your inner ills and say "Bahumbag" in how unfunny this film is and after another 30 minutes, you'll want to walk out as unbearable the film has gotten through that point . From all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some lives to have thin paper perspective and this is wrong because they are both too good at the actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and heat into character to Saint Nick himself but he was forced into Vaughn's youthful behavior when doing sad sad siblings. You can see in Giamatti's figure that she does not have fun with her role and is unduly shown in some parts of the movie. Rachel Weisz carries a sense of fun and spirit in her role, but she really does not have a lot of a character to work with and you can see in her face that she is well aware of that, so much so she looks irritated in some parts in the movie. Fortunately, he's not in the movie very much at all and is able to save some figures, unlike Giamatti, which looks like he is on his silver fire at the end of the movie. The direction also feels uninspiring, as there is no feeling or sink to be had and this is supposed to be a holiday movie but it ends up feeling like you are just staring at a fancy widow display that has been torn down . > <br /> I do not know what was wrong here, but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) trying their best to at least carry something on the table with an unfunny script being worked with, The direction that has no feeling for the subject in hand (and this is a Christmas movie in all of this) and an actor who just does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very bad film that is very painful they look.
