An inauguration, too predictable and only mildly amusing low budget rehash in a sci-fi formula that we have all seen a hundred times before - a group of scientists in isolation confronting some unknown unknowns, and in all places (surprise, surprise) The film features James Spader and an almost nameless cast cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who's actually not that bad for a non-actor) - that delivers high-hum performance that does little to invigorate the script's inimaginative dialogue. To make things worse the movie speed is slow, there are almost no slats, and the few action sequences are stereotyped and not interesting. It was amazing that this thing went straight to DVD. What is a wonder is why Spader - an excellent actor at times, who won the Best Cannes Actor Award for `Sex, Lies and Videotape ', and made a splendid job at the Flick Sci-Fi initiative Stargate '- was chosen to sign on this substandard project. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, it seems he has invested his talent to more miss than hit. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about `Foreign Hunter 'is how to manage to inflate into that many elements from many great sci-fi films, and it always has the thing to turn out to be smooth and understandable . There are big bits borrowed from `the thing '(original Howard Hawks' original and John Carpenter's remarkable 1982), 'contact' and 'Outbreak'; a few suggestions of 'alien', CE3K ',' Andromeda Strain ', `` Kubrick `2001' (that is the 'alien black box') and` Mission to Mars' (so the mystery message); and even a little grip of 'tennis' and 'a remarkable idea' (although not sci-fi films, they share a 'cryptography' connection). Hell, there are even gardens with Antarctica, as well as the latest 'X Files Movie'. And the neon universe vessel at the end seems exactly like something hacked from an absorption from the "Abyss." <br /> It's all done before and doing a lot all better, although I'll admit there was a few too many surprises towards the end I could say a bit more about the draw, but there's absolutely no need. You already know more than half this movie without ever seeing it. 10)
