Recap: A mysterious dance dance that transmits radio signals discovered in the mirror of Antarctica. The mysterious block is dug out and brought to a research station on Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI-worker, brought in the message despatcher. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old girlfriend of her, and the situation quickly turns awkward, especially since the other female researchers practically threw themselves into it. And the block of glass and interior objects dissolves unnaturally quickly. Soon the object is in the open. The mystery continues even though the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but just before that, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, with the object exploited as it is finally breached, and two things unleashed to earth. The first is a stranger, who was dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills the search staff. And Washington, which is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that things can not be triggered on the ground. Thus, a Russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> Comments: The movie holds a few surprises. One is Carl Lewis who is amazingly putting in a good performance action, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well worked in with a lot better than expected. Unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprises in its own, and this time is not in a good way. Actually it is so full of drawn draws that sometimes the movies seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It never really explains why Washington knows so much, why Washington is able to order Russia submarines, why the object is in the Antarctic and was picked up now. It is really puzzling that the foreign cup will be transmitted to understand English. Some may want to explain that with this foreigner on Earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why the beautiful aliens who apparently want to save the Earth from the virus, send them "not open" coded messages! And finally, the end is as open as a sequel. The film is a little entertaining, but too much energy (in my hands) to be distracting from the cancellation of the draw. Therefore, the total impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
