OK, here it is: "Nazi grandfather befriends the Dalai Lama." What we do is, first we get a big star that has no idea anyhow to make a Germanic accent, and we let it flounder around French, German, American, and British for more than 2 hours. Then we concoct a series of evolution probably probable and the spaces apart very widely, so that the inch draws along almost imperceptibly. But just to ensure that the viewer does not fall asleep, we throw into details that are shocking absurd, like our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. Of course, we must also note that our target audience does not want too much subtitles, so we have all the characters, even the smallest peasant of the town banned close-off in Lhasa in 1943, speaking perfect English, too and accent ézitan. Of course, the trickiest part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is this: we have the Dalai Dalai befriend the now-reformed because the latter is so good at fiddling and film projectors, radio, antique cars, and any other device that represents freedom in western capitalism. In return, our hero learns from his youth protecting a wave of independent Buddhism that never really carries out or is treated in a serious fashion. We also have many scenes and heroes flaunting all the brands of respect and protocol that the rest of the Tibetan society of the Dalai Lama Society, as we assume that the hero has deep and deep reverence for these people and spiritual leaders. In other words, we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, sort of, in his own way, even if we ourselves do not seem to know what transformation he has or how far we want he goes. And last but not least, we hang a statistic on the end of the film about how appallingly Chinese were treated to Tibetans (which is certainly true), so opening ourselves up to the charge that we made a "political" film, even if it has nothing in the sort. So, it's my mind. Are you doing zinc? Can you make the movie just?
