And perhaps, as Fred Sandford said, "one in all the mouths." This gives people the release of this movie on a unsuspecting public. And perhaps to those in "Rue Morgue" who called this a "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. <br /> <br /> Five young girls, apparently taking a short-cut home from a high school football game, get lost and stop asking the direction of some small shops in the middle of nowhere. While the driver accidentally hit an SUV stationed & knocked out a light, but the girls all decided to just leave & do not go to the driver. But the driver reached them, and it's not just that the lights on his car got dinged, it's for another reason the girls do not understand again. When the first driver catches it (yes, it's a jerk) brandishes a shotgun and makes them strip down, and keep screaming at them, "how many have you seen?". Of course girls are afraid of death & do not know what it's talking about. As the night rolls over the girls end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the SUV, which manages to inflict all kinds of injuries on the girls, which are remarkably flexible to shoot gun shot and screwdriver where they did not want them. Eventually they found that something had come back to this store after leaving that is the reason for this female psychotic rage. And eventually they have a chance of revenge and take it on as far as they can go. There are elements in this movie that are rather disturbing and scary, but unfortunately, these moments are weakened by bad deeds, bad dialogue, and great things of credibility. A girl struck by a shotgun shotgun and appears to be mortally injured, and she feels cold, her life is going to be in front of her, but was she better? And how far can a mini-wind run on an almost empty gas tank at speeds of 80 miles per hour? I need one of these things, it apparently gets GREAT miles. <br /> <br /> Should be an end when the girls got their revenge, but the movie goes on for a bit later, which is an anti- climax, but at least learn some of What puts the woman off, and the driver is always worried about "pitying her mother's wind", which is obviously the least of anyone's worries. <br /> <br /> So this is not the worst movie I've seen, but it's too amateur to be good and yet a bit too scary and gruesome at times to be completely awful. But it takes the cake for a lot of hysteria and you will want to put two in your ears if you look. Which, by the way, I do not necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10.
