- Includes minor deflector - <br /> I've seen a number of American Indian films such as Hamilton's Love Hamilton, Mandy Lane's Love and Cabin Fever; Unfortunately I felt the Five eyes did not fall into this category. From the start to finish the movie is plagued with romantic acting acting out of a very poor script, God only knows why the writer thought such dialogue "No goes out, do not go out it will get you: if he gets you it will kill you and kill you or die "is in movie quality. <br /> This movie shows very little development character and to be honest I could not care less about what pain and torture were inflicted on them as they are just a group of girls college diets that show almost no no kind of '. All they do is cry and whinge in the entire movie and if the girls do not cry to discuss them; when conversing topics are completely random: about dating boy or how one of the girls' father was recently cremated (appropriate subjects when you are chased by a psychotic assassin). <br /> <br /> The soundtrack also abysmal shows music techno corny during both start and credit ends (although hearing the credit music knowing the end was nearing looks like the sky). <br /> <br /> The camera-work is terrible and at times make the movie unwatchable. I guess due to little or no budget directors are limited to only one digital camera that resides in the female cars' almost the entire movie. I think this was an effort to beat the audience as close to the action as possible: to feel and experience what the girls are going through. But due to a very unstable camera, rough pictures and being too close to the action it can be hard to say what is going on during action scenes and is simply chaotic. It's one thing to do a subjective movie but it's another to have action on the screen that an audience can not decipher because of the poor movie theater. <br /> I understand that five through the eyes are a low indie budget film but that does not excuse the very poor quality. There is no daunting factor in this movie: bad acting, poor scripting, charity-camera-work and no history. In light of all I decided to give the movie 1 out of 10 as he left me so much shame; want a meteor hit the earth to bring me sweet relief. Its 94 minutes of stupid college girl crying, chatting, hurriedly running and having proper random conversations. However, how often do you get to see girl damage from them and send the crap on the scratch to a chase machine.
