I'm dumbfounded. Yes that's right. I'm really holding here. No way I found it terrible, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience of grim uncertainty hysteria and nervousness. The idea behind a trim, minimal low-budget indie production is not bad, but it's a confusing mixer and the end did not do anything for me. It is amateur and simple; She wants to exploit beyond reasoning and doing so in this late-latened style of filming. We have documented laced (cameras) handheld moving everywhere (despite never leaving the wind), and sometimes feeling unfocused and disturbing to certain details hard to know. Recently you kind of get used to it, but there are times when it gets too distracted and even nauseating. Keeping it constantly helps. The context has a small base (with five teenage girls on their way home from a late football game at night and gets lost on the way back. In a side-by-side shop to get involved in a minor accident that smashes a Low lights are scarcely scared, they are running away and not too long that one-light SUV appears behind them soon to spend the night an unforgettable ordeal of horror) spend most of the time playing out a draw out loud and relentless chat with mouse game. <br /> <br /> As for being disturbing ?? I guess that depends. Some moments can make you bother with his attention to pain, despair and brutality (with good use of personalized FX sounds that seem to be more favored on the imagery and do not forget the background aliogenesis effects), but also I found myself snickering too. In her passage she can be repelled and intense with a real gradual, but hardly believable. Injuries in random characters never seem as serious as you believed, although obviously should be. See how without running freely, but not entirely compelling and can get dull. The carburetary nightlife chase machine can only do so much before you receive repetition. We get screaming, spewing, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids and so on. Detailed detrimental details also follow. With little really doing, he needed a stronger script than the forced forced one that penned up. Too much crop-time rose out of it, and did not much in the way in the depths for the characters and the situation was in. He was on set-piece, waiting for next torture encounters and he drew it out long enough. Help her to be an unpredictable model. <br /> <br /> Performance; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are workers like and their character destroys and draw an authentic chemistry to make up for the weakness of the script of its character-foundation. Veronica Garcia's flipped-out, insect-eyed intensity as the loony driver of the SUV was something ?? yes something. His real character motivation for girls terrorists and his unstable state of mind is usually non-existent. I guess that psychosis was good enough. Now, probably the most unnerving thing I've come across of the feature was that scare sound. Terrible technological music, rubbing hard-rock with a close overwrought note. He never felt harassed or got in the way, but he was sticking out like a bad thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to get out of most of their little resources, but even with his edgy mind and end up they were something quite ramshackle. Perhaps it was enjoyable to do, but watching it just was not the case.
