As horror fans we all know that blind locations are a crap-shooting. Sometimes we get a real gem, but many times we find that the movie we just spent our hard earned money is nothing more than a steam drive that got worse by reviewing them completely inevitably rave and premium movie award listed on the box. These are the case with the Five Across Eyes (a certain title I'm a dual entity refers to both movie budgets and constraints anyone watching it might have using all five fingers to eyelash them out). <br /> The story, or, at least that * Ahem * writer thinks over for one, center on a group of young girls who unwisely decide to go on a backwood joyride late at night after leaving a game soccer and run afoul into a crazy woman who plays cats and mice with them as punishment for what she thought the girls found in her car after a bender-fender at a parking fuel station. <br /> In justice, it's an interesting idea. Some of the biggest horrors have very simple story lines. It's in the execution of five through the eyes that this idea falls flat. The film tries to cross between Witch Blair Project and its unstable camera work with the Texas Chainsaw Massacre in its make-bone approach to the material but succeeding in that not. What we find instead is redundant scene of chasing, torture, release; chasing turtles, released in this order for 94 minutes and long interludes in bitching, moaning, and unranking rambling to act as much padding in between chasing sequels. Looking at the movie is incredibly green and dark, which, in a better movie made has increased the tension and realism. Here it is simply annoying. The characters are undeveloped and the hard-pressed viewer finds nothing sympathized with them. A character stops getting a first aid kit and tending some scratch on his face while gunfire hears in the background indicating his friends can get dead. Another hilariously girl mommers mute lines like "Do not go out, it will get you, if it gets you it will kill you and kill it or you die." It was a reward from Fangoria magazine and Dreadcentral.com listed on the box that forced me to check this one out. Talking about a fake orgasm! Perhaps my expectation might have been this in the comedy section. I'm all for low-budget indie terror but this one takes the crap-cake. Give five of the eyes (or FATE; find it?) A pass. <br /> RazorFriendly gives FATE 1 off from five /
