Watching TRUTH ON LOVE (is this a double watcher on the star?) It's like tuning in white noise or sound that is fabricated to help you sleep - you put it in place of the DVD because there is nothing else left on the shelf they shop, and you are in need of distraction after a day of hustle. And she works for this: being a British romantic comedy she is a bit more. The story is one rather simple on a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) marrying an increasing number of Sam (Jimi Mistry) husband who put their love lives on hold due to the burden of his busy law practice. Her partner Archie (Dougray Scott) is both Sam and Alice's fans, but she has a long attraction for Alice who goes beyond friendship. Alice talked to her Felicity sister (Kate Miles), a free love advocate, which encouraged Alice to have matters. On Valentine's Day, after a bitter drink with her sister, Alice mails a Sam Sam signed 'Anonymous' as a test to see if Sam replied, testing his loyalty. At the same time Archie meshed a pack of seed radish Alice on which she had registered a suggestive love. Both have old post regret factory. Sam in fact is spending time with a lover Katya (Branka Katic) and is really copying about Alice. Alice arranges and Sam does via email and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as 'Anonymous' to test his fidelity. Throwing into all of characters gets caught in the comic charity and the finish proves that real love to be based on truth - and how the result of the various wagers is the surprise (of type) in the fluffy script. <br /> <br> British comedy works because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting. Perhaps John Hay eli director of casting a British actress as Alice instead of sticking to a fake accent on Jennifer Hewitt's love may have resulted in improvement. But at the end of this story by Peter Bloore bounces between humorous and pathetic humor in his message. A terrible distraction is a music note that is always loud enough to cover the whole dialogue and it is intrusive. There are some nice scenes in London and a moment of striking humor, but at the end of this little movie is truly best used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
