At the end of "dragon heat," all I could think of was why I was bothered to sit in the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Mostly the movie is interesting and that - as well as Maggie Q - is what attracts me to the movie in the first place. But I was ever disappointed. Writer director Daniel Lee can not hold a candle loving John Woo, Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen. This has to be one of the most annoying-led films I have ever seen. Lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and I use incredibly injuries - that she's full of films and completely needless black-and-white still, freeze boards, slow-motion, fast-motion and other visual nonsense . I think he did everything that made up for the lack of a good story or dialogue. The scene of the shares has nothing special and plays out like some music videos that have top-up more than anything else. There is little to care about any of the characters - including sniper sniper supposedly that could not hit the river by a barn from the inside! - who are then loaded with some of the cheesiest dialogue I've seen in one of Hong Kong shareholders. <br /> <br /> The plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up, everything unfolds to predictable fashion - and Lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back story in our case did not find it the first several times. This is awfully writing and making films and their talent waste at Sammo Hung, Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. Though, to be Frank, I'm hard-pressed to remember Biehn being in any good movie that has not been directed by James Cameron . If you are really in the mood for a great Hong Kong shareholder, you are best sticking to some of the staples - John Woo's "The Assassin" (1989) and "Hard-Boiled" (1992), "City On Fire "Ringo Lam (1987) - Quentin Tarantino was stolen for" inefficient dog "(1992) - or" Point Blank "(1967) Renewal," Full Contact "(1992). Or, even check out the Yuen "So Close" (2002), a very fun, yet preposterous, popcorn flick. So there are always terrific French police shareholders, the "Nest" (2002). True, most, if not all, is a bit over-the-top, but the movie was still interesting, thrilling and even suspicious. They have the character occupied with the mind-blowing section of action. <br /> <br /> "dragon heat," on the other hand, is just so tough mediocre. The problem is that Lee has not made a bad action movie, she made one dull.
