The story goes something like this: A little girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decided to go to her boyfriend in the big city. When it comes to discovering it is not quite as faithful as it should. Katie then ends up adventures of the adventure that is New York. Fill in as messenger biker messenger with good results. He dropped into a hole in the ground and thus satisfied charisma good-guy Ben (Luke Wilson). She does not like at first sight, at least for her, but destined to Ben, will not give up quite easily. When you "just" a little girl and blonde girl a couple of wrong executives at a firm firm decided she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Disagreements with strange consequences and sad consequences. However, this is one blonde who will not take it lying down! <br /> <br /> Those who have been judged in this movie will soon be enough to prove evil. The jokes are trustworthy and fitting, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that she puts nothing to Godard created shame. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises with a strong role only he could pull. Simpson really is Marilyn Monroe in our day (there is even a scene honored!). It balances perfectly between brittle and capricious. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by covering it! Luke Wilson is as good as ever. Even if it was covered by manure man would be as appealing as anyone. It touches light, dog dog dog and puts back style to make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays his role in play, one of the two democratic executives. It really can not be underestimated. The strength of the performance lies in its constraints. It is remarkable, because most actors would just run away with it and play it for laughing cheap. Not this guy! <br /> In conclusion, the director of Scott Marshall has manufactured an intelligent and often hilarious comedy that destined to become a classic and masterpiece of movies such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos are all involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and whole-hearted laugh would make even the toughest man break out of a big grin. You can be hard, but not that difficult! Warmly recommended to all those who want to sweat their feet and see a romantic comedy that once feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the band stones! <br /> Now, if you still do not get it. I was sarcastic. 1/10
