It's common practice for a movie about repression to be a bit muted in style and tone. There's a difference, however, between using constraints and encouraging narcolepede among audience members. In the "Secret Life of Dentists," begins Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, and the result of being a movie that never amounted much to a panties on how the teeth It is a metaphor for married life. <br /> Scott gives a fine performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist and another dentist (Davis). Rudolph puts together dynamic relationships quickly - it's completely absorbed in the day-to-day duties of being the parent, it is slowly disillusioned with their frantic family life - and then catches up the tension when Scott can or can not witness his wife with another. From this point on, the movie focuses on whether David will confront his wife Dana on her possible adultery, or if she will beat her in the punch and leave for good. From time to time, David is treating visits to an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient playing by Denis Leary (heavy lending from Tyler Durden Brad Pitt to "Club Fighting"). While there is insufficient uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability test exam, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty in terms or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates drama from a nasty fever that slowly travels to the Hurst family, culminating in a free hospital visit to the Climax. The film never chooses the suggestions of what David is really capable if he did not dedicate his family; nor does he spend much time watching Dana's prejudice to swing the act between his or her family's life and more to complete ambitions. <br /> By choosing to spend most of the movie worrying about a fever going awry, Rudolph kills momentum in her movie. Since the fifth member of the family shows up sweat and sick, the movie has used up all the good fatties of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana finish retracing steps over and over again until a smaller than final cathartic. With nothing to build on over the last hour, the conclusion looks awkward and patched-over. "The Secret Life of Dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to enhance it. Altogether, an irritating, unimaginable movie.
