I saw Chan missing when she first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Maybe it was the perspective of a few years away, but this movie seemed to take the sense of the city and its people better than anything else I'd ever seen (always do). It focuses on a particular community - the Chinese - but that's fine, because many of the soul's soul refracted in their surroundings, faces, and perhaps above all the voices of their characters. is not San Francisco tourists. The environments are modest and daily: a taxi cabin, the kitchen at a Chinese restaurant, Richmond District rows houses, small Chinatown apartments and small-business offices, docks, a senior center Philippines. This is what the city resembles and feels like the day the inhabitants - even now, in the era of redevelopment of Gulch urban silicon. Unlike, say, Harry's room (in its own way an excellent San Francisco movie as well), everything is filmed at street level: We come to understand the point of the characters in the view from the environmental perspective, not in some fancy shooting shooting. Wang apparently filmed at B & W because he did not have the money to do otherwise, yet one of the most solid visual elements in the film is the natural light he achieved. Often the hard, ubiquitous kind of sunlight is one of my closest associations with San Francisco: It seems to expose everything, bring the buildings, the hills, the other landmarks down to scale and, in a funny way, to make people They go through the streets as more individual and potentially closer than they might be in another place. Wang's photography perfectly translates to this, and even helps the story together at points. Wang captures the style of speech and conversation in Chinese and other San Franciscans better than anyone ever has, I think. If there's such a thing as a true San Francisco "accent," it's what you hear from the balding medal broker broker (i think) who appears talking on the phone in one scene (listening to the way he calls people in the other end "" The story is striking and, despite some very small missteps, makes its point very well on the deniers that pull in the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities - including the justified politics and ethnic resentment, and little ironic entertainment, which helps fuel, and everything is slowly communicating - maybe why some people here think the movie meanders - it's not enough to say that drivers are drivers of drivers become a quest for something more personal. <br /> <br /> Chan is missing and a sequel traveling to Chinatown is worn by a gift Goofy song from the 1930s (I guess) about San Francisco with all the crazy diversity Its an American cartoon, yes, but somehow not entirely on the brand either.
