Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba are two of my favorite actors in this team of centuries up to what's possibly possibly the attempt of flashlight renewal that has already lasted the Butterfly Effect. Wake up so dull and unpleasantly refreshing that you would better sleep. Terrance Howard always recovered from the demonic August Rush set a decent fight as the sadist doctor who looks like hell lowering on Christianson's death and after watching his performance I'm happy to help. <br /> <br /> Alba, always recovering after fantastic cards Rise of the Silver Surfer. It's naturally disastrous and equally monitored as it was still. Only once he was ever rather brilliant in what was safe at Robert Rodriguez's mastermind director in Sin City. It is possible that Jessica Alba is not as poor as an actress as most give her credit for and is likely that her ability to act has been weighted down by a poor script. If so then that would explain Wake. What with a script that would be disappointed in this 9 plan from outer space. Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson, and Terrence Howard star first-time director / screenwriter Journalist Nich-jangling awesome scenes Joby Harold on a man who experienced the phenomenon of hideous common surgeon known as "aesthetic consciousness," of who putting out on the operating table remains acutely aware of what's going on around them despite that staying completely paralyzed and able to call out for help. When a young man's success (Christenson) went under the knife and realized that the anesthetist had not properly done his work, the horror quickly lay in as his worried wife (Alba) waited anxiety and a terrifying drama unfolding in the room to operate. <br /> <br /> Expect to do for operating tables what final destination was made for aircraft, the first effort of director Joby Harold to pivot over a blood-frosting conceit. Pre-credit sequences tell us one of 700 people suffering from a phenomenon known as anesthesia consciousness, where the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during surgery. Someone who is unfortunate is Clayton Beresford Jr (Hayden Christensen), who finds himself awake wide during a heart transplant ... and can feel every single slice. Intermittent invented as it senses far into torturing his psyche, Awake by injecting true chronicles into his novel. Spiraling from simplicity to the absurdity of absurd scheme, it prevents twisting turns from Christensen to Jessica Alba. Would you like to have a sedation before watching ?? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Awakening is at very much undemanding. A pull does not have any film punches that undoubtedly look better on paper. As a movie though its awfully unfair and very exit. Wake up by injecting fear into its novel. The end result is really quite disgusting. Alba and Christians are at least in many of your worries as the main fault movie lies in its inability to scare its audience. Waking up is a movie you will most likely sleep in.
