I wonder how important it is to Queer Cinema as it seems more to have a homosexual encounters through violent behavior than making any clear statements about homosexuality and violence. <br /> Three accounts are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner. I find myself trying to decompose the dirty narrative in the first 15 minutes, which alone did not sit well with me. Quiet quiet places were not repeated as if we could not get it first. <br /> There was a feeling of padded dialogue throughout the movie. More like a short minute minute 45 minutes rather than a movie full-length movie. It has a certain erotic flair, male nudity and sex appeal but in general the sum does not equal its part. Part 1: Boxer / Stalker scenario was the strongest and yet it too felt like it pulled thin. Bob was following Tim for four years and only now is he confronting him? I felt as though the cat-mouse games were not developed enough to deserve its conclusions. We need more information about them and less parking / Locker and Tim relentlessly say "What do you want?" <br /> <br /> The second part: Danny wants her friend, Tony, beating her up while she jak-off. Tony does not seem to mind, but he does not even seem interested in exploring the implications of her erotic erotic pleasure - not even after making it in the nude. This story lacks the all-important transition from "I'm a boy right smacking my guy's friends around for fun" to "I think I might gay and hit him because I'd like to spread his ass, it makes it S / M style. "Something very important to leave out. <br /> <br /> Clearly these stories each could target the points in half the time. The 3rd party and the man and woman slapping each other around adding to that thought. In addition, it was needed and added nothing to the movie. Yes, the actors did a good job of the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy. Make-up (ball and cut) however was on par with a grammar school talent show. There was not enough meat in this story to have any impact on the gay politics. The film does not make any statements, waste time, and does not engage or merit enough for thoughtful investments. Her fatal defect is her amateur approach, making it ultimately impossible to take seriously.
