What an unfortunate disorder is "Shiner." I wanted to love this over-the-top, aspiring of anti-film, and in fact found a number of moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are few and far between. While I appreciate some of what Calson has tried, any aspiring asset to bone, no movie cinema has been destroyed with some really atrocious corrections that benefit the movie by all. <br /> <br /> While bad plight acts in budgetary and budgetary movies, Shiner has some remarkably bad features that are almost painful to watch. In particular the "straight" Linda Couple and Young Guy. These are the two worst characters that offer almost nothing in the story. The acting is so horrendous and neither actor seems to be able to resist smirking or crack up as they instantly release the lines with a formidable lack of skill. Singing nearly blanket feel that these roles were entirely gratuitous and the collapse of to avoid these films were stereotypically cast as a gay movie oddball. It would be best for these. <br /> With all that will be wrong for her, there are several performances that seem to take that Calson hoped to find. In particular the story focuses on Bob and Tim. These are the two most rich characters drawn and offer the most rewarding and truly fascinating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer and some serious problems. Remarkably low self esteem is disguised by an almost cartoon such as arrogant that it puts like plating weapon. Obsessed with Tim, seemingly innocent again ultimately creeps Bob, boxer's foot in classic chat-and-mouse fashion. When the tables turn and hunter gets out, the result of the film's only emotional movie cadarsis. In such an artificially hard-edged film (this one compliment) one character must have that revelatory break in (or hang, as the case proves here) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the opportunity to show some real chop actors. As played by Scott Stepp and Derrix Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be focused in the film, and despite some bravado moments of their own (including a truly disturbing scene revealing the gender / sex obsession), but they Can not seem to escape a cartoon like-like and it's difficult to look at - or beyond the symphony notes to look like one and find anything other than the obvious. <br /> <br /> Finally this same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in best fashion. Alas, there really is not much to recommend this yet, the performances by Messrs King and Zelinas, really offer something special with a glimpse of what might be and finally seen.
