Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, centers around three "married" and relationships with obsession and violence. Just good start as far as I'm concerned. Interesting. The couple broke into a heterogeneous couple, two heterosexual friends and a straight guy being "innocent" tight by a gay man. The couple "read" really does not have much of a role in the movie. Some scenes show how they love aggressive when having sex or playing around with each other, but seems to have no real reason since they are so marginalized. My assumption is that they represent a more day-to-day illustration of how sex / violence are integrated into a couple life. The couple is not very aggressive and does not even shoot in any kind of erotic manner. As characters, they do not add much to the theme or draw. Two male friends make up the bulk of the plot. They are engaged in some gay bashin in kind by convincing a homosexual man to have sex with them in a go. This is worsening of violence. And violence has changed. It becomes a means of sexual satisfaction. And the need for violence was falling as the movie progressed. My main problem was that the violence was not convincing. Never once it seems that any of the characters is of any real danger. It just does not work. Given that the whole theme of the movie is about the relationships of the characters and violence, this is a big problem. Unfortunately, the make-up does not help either. Sometimes, it's okay, sometimes it's very bad. In one scene, I really wonder why one of the characters had red smeared on his face. Confusion. The more interesting pair of characters are "The Stalker Coupe." Here Calson seemed to have more say and could develop a more coherent storyline. Perhaps it is because the characters seem to develop more and have resolution at the end. Shiner might well have been better if it was stuck with these two. <br /> I like that Calson wanted to achieve so much with this movie. It is admirable. Most low budget budgets are not very dear. I do not think Calson realizes he's been aiming for. My head, I found nothing particularly controversial or unsettling. Shiner was convincing. That does not mean, however, that the director can not achieve anything with his next movie. It seems to have something to say.
