-SPOILES - The South Army border border movie with something to do with the blackmail of a great Rosenlski executive president of Unasco Inc. by David Ziegler's Beachcomber baby who lives the life of Reilly, or Ziegler, at beach he is home to Mexican Cancun. Take this CD, which he gave to his brother James, who has three years of phone conversation between Rosenlski and the President of the United States involved in criminal proceedings. This CD gave David a corner of international mobsters after it. <br /> The fact that James gets a little vicious does not try to shake down Rosenlski for 2 million diamonds not only to listen to his life, but he puts David in danger of losing him as well. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David for the CD by finding his ex-Liz to talk with him about giving it up, Rosnelski made a deal to pay off his debt if he came in. David is later killed by the Mexican hit Rosenliski Hit-Tony, with the help of a great white shark, who just does not go for all this peace of mind on his boss. Tony took the CD that Liz left for her boss to a local hotel safely and now wants to kill James, as he did David, and at the same time keeping the CD there something about Rosenlski. David was secretly hiding the diamonds that James was about to kill at the moment he is now the target of Tony and his men to lock him up for good. David also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss Rosenlski the impression that the CD that David lost and later uses it, without Rosenlski to know who is behind him, his blackmail. <br /> <br /> The movie "Night of the Sharks" has a number of shark attacks in it with this great single white shark eyeshadow that ends up taking about a dozen halves of cast members including Tony. David is a firm believer in gun control using high explosive knife and cocktail Molotov, as well as his point, to take all the Tony crew. Even the killer shark ends in Tony but with a hunting knife, it's not a gun. When it came up with firearms to save his friends and sidekick Paco a Juanita and his father Mattia priest remained in Tony and his gang weapon was a no-no with David; It was more of a knife and spear man then anything else. <br /> <br /> The finish movie was over as predictable as you can do it with David thought to be killed by the one-eyed shark later pops up from the crowds, after Rosenlski was convinced that he had died and left the village. David continues his life as a free living and loving beachcomber who has no looking to kill him and over two million richest. For David's credit he had his friends Paco gave Rosenski back his CD, but under the conditions that if anything happened to his cousin, Rosenlski does not know who and where he is, they will shoot big oral He cuts and leaves the whole world aware of his criminal and criminal traffic.
