[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching the king's lion. Timon decided to go back before the start, when the story really started. So they returned. Way back. Return even before the Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house that was miles away from Pride Rock. A branch of meerkats burrowed underground to hide in hip. The worst occupant of the family was a firefighter, self-centered meerkat named Timon. Her mother had pity on her, but Uncle Max just shook her head. Mother suggests placing Timon on surgery; Timon was dreaming of a bigger and better location out there somewhere. Just then, Hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed Max poor. That did it. The other Meerkats just wanted Timon to go away while Timon took it on himself to quit. So she kissed her mother good-bye and started off. He did not get very far before he started getting homeick. Just then he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon had no sign that meant he continued on and met a warthog named Pumbaa, who was all alone due to a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa join then, but Timon has declared their friends, rather than friends. <br /> They come soon in Rock Pride where all herbs, antelopes, bees, rhino, giraffes, elephants and many other animals in the plain seemed. What was going on? Timon did not care. They pressed on. Timon then saw Rafiki upside down Pride Rock up in the air something he could not see. Just then all the animals took a bow. Was this honored to the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa passed gas and the animals had lowered their nose; Timon and Pumbaa try an assortment of new homes, but each is discomforting due to insanely singing or hip or a big bump at gnomes! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves heading down stream. When they arrived in the country, Timon decided to give up. But then they are gaze in newfound new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fell as far as the eye could see. Timon named the place after a strange sentence he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out bowling for one hour afternoon when they suddenly run into Simba. They took him under the wings and became his father's face. They teach him art in food insects and belching competitions. Just soon, a young senba kidnapped Timon in a slurping snail contest. Simba won, leaving Timon ill. <br /> Then one day friends of friends of Simba arrived. Timon and Pumbaa just knew she would break up the friendship. Suddenly, Simba ran away. Nala and Pumbaa race behind her, but not Timon. He chose to stay in "Hakuna Matata" alone, until Rafiki "spoke" some sense of him, so he met with his friends at Pride Rock. Timon Timon and Uncle Max arrive at that time. While Scar Battle Scar, Mom and Max dug a huge hole in the hyenas of Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed inches. He worked. Mark is soon dropping down the hole where it is devoured by the hippies. Then all is well. Mom, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats go live with Timon and Pumbaa in the paradise which is Hakuna Matata. Back in the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the film when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch it again. So make Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Jump, Snow White, The Nine Seven, Dumbbells, Peter Pan, The Lost Boys, Angry Hats, Mars Rabbit, Genius, Aladdin, and Jasmine. Must say that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was too ridiculous and unusual. The original King Lion was a masterpiece. It has a serious story and light comedy cast in. This one was just funny and made a mockery of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are just way too overplayed. They're overplayed to the point that no longer were funny, just annoying. Throwing the original voice is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Chech Navy as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. The new cast is Julie Kavner of the TV (Hyper) long run series The Simpsons as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So, anyway, this movie by Lion King III, and it's not II because there is already a II. It takes place right after Part I and Part II is a way away. Hence, it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die hard kid king fan because it's too far ridiculous and frivilous. However children will love it so I recommend it to them. I hope this will also be the Lion King's Movie LIVE. Two are enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we have come to expect from Disney end makers. <br /> <br /> -
