A director and head of his crew from the isolated Beal Mansion, making a supreme budget film on the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that happened in the last century. Even with the caretaker's warning, the director does not pay attention to the home supposedly curse. One of the crews found a book entitled Tibetan Book of the Dead, and uses some of the passages from it to the script. But in doing so, when the reds raise a ghoul out of his grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, confusing and tackling all rolled up into one, equals this penniless night production. What feels like an eternity, it just never seems to go or demonstrate anything effective from a somewhat decent idea. Even though the director of clinical director Paul Harrison, blood pressure builds a strange, putty and atmospheric pair of pieces. But lazy make it early. The entire movie in a movie structure takes most of the movie and at this little moment nothing happens in great interest. Nor is it fun. Think of "Children should not play with Dead Things (1972)", and now we've got the greatest actor in the party. However I found "Seven Coppers" inferior. The early script on some cuts off much before it ends up being drab, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap foundation including limited sets did not help matters either, but the warmth he had, black appearance had a climb air at it. Performance from a recognized b-biz is mostly rigid. John Carradine in small parts mostly cash on. As Ireland plays a hot-directed director, Dave Domergue's actress washing-up calls attention to Charles Macaulay's hams. There's a slow cheap quote crossing between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie set-up. However not all that engages, even with its orthopedic and supernatural corners. Hell is even thrown into some gracious action, with no win. When the ghoul decomposes to make its appearance ?? Finally, but a bit late. He finds a little better, if very baffled. Just like the inspiring opening, finishing is delicious downbeat. Bad in between, it's constantly dragging. Continuity of many scenes comes across non-existent, and scenes of death are most interesting and sanee (but indeed wrongly executed) in the movie they are doing, then what actually happens to them when the zombie appears. The generic music note flounders on with its butcher, but the gothic signal, and the camera-work is strongly staged and a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Job does. This is a wrap.
