This is the kind of movie where it actually hurt to recognize it really, really absorb. I usually put things like that! Early 70's Grindhouse with bloody titles sounds with a low-low budget-nailing atmosphere. "House of Seven Corpses" has appeared to cast the trumpet even more, since the cast is a great gathering of genre veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the dung site (the titular house, the graveyard) Obviously very fast for a gloomy story of fear. The film is open and absolute its greatest and most huntingly memorable sequence, though sadly enough they are the only ones qualified as such. Credits are a splendid, complete and color-effect effect with freeze frills-frames, showing how the Titulal House receives its notorious reputation. The seven Seven Masters were mysteriously murdered here with their credit montage gleefully displaying their last moments. Someone falls down the screaming balcony, a lady drowning in his tub, and another hanging body hanging from the ceiling and four more grim charts. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the poor behavior of the cheaper Mr. Priest (Carradine) only fortifies this reputation. In other words, the home formed the ideal turf for the acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his solar film film. Film-to-film structure is mainly due to "House of Seven Coppers" to be so boring and bloody. A lot of film-material is wasted on crew films to put coil film in the camera and dragging around cables or ?? even worse Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay show stereotyping intolerable actors. The scheme finally becomes a little interesting (only a little, your idea) when one of the characters reads some lines from an occult book and accidentally awakens a rotten corpse in the yard. The asthmatic (judging by the noises produced) gently smashing zombies for the house and killing the whole movie crew, reminiscent of how the previous seven were turned into corpses. After a long run of about 60 minutes, the film suddenly returned from humdrum to just plain quaint and confusing. I'm always sure if the final twist was made with the concept of reincarnation or coincidence, and all the remaining characters suddenly seemed to go under vast mental transformation shortly before dying, for some reason. I honestly regret to confirm "House of Seven" is a very obnoxious movie. The locations and landscapes are refrigeration thunderstorms, but do not nearly use full effect and have a severe blood flow. Many low-budgeted Gems were stunningly gross, so the lack of financial means there is no excuse and movie-in-film of murder really does not count. Even the still-reliable veteran stars deliver Harrison's performance and direction is completely inspiring. Do not recommend, unless you think zero cool four-and-a-half minute playing credit mount installation is worth trying to buy a copy.
