After reading the previous comments, I'm just happy that I was not the only person left confused, especially by the last 20 minutes. John Carradine shows twice walking down to a grave and pulls the cover off after him. I'm worried about some kind of explanation for this odd behavior ... of course I suppose he had something to do with the bad things-at home, but since he was killed by the rising corpse first (afterwards referred to as zombies # 1), these scenes made absolutely no sense. Please, if someone out to know why Carradine keeps climbing down to graves - leaving the rest of us in it !! <br /> All actions are in the last 20 minutes so I'll try a summary. John Carradine comes from the cemetery to investigate, and he is trottled by zombie # 1. So far, so good. But then we get the confused scene where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, out for a little to launch movies in the graveyard, discover Carradine's dead body. Strickler repeatedly tries to push Ireland into the grave open from where # 1 zombie has appeared, but Ireland succeeds in flipping it into the open, rather presto, and presto! Strickler Out Like Zombie # 2! Yeah, I guess we can transfer that Strickler was all-together (a witch?), But why it changed from the normal appearance of meat-meat meat to fly by zombie # 1 never explained. (Considering how slow-moving drugs these zombies, I would think she would prefer to stay in her "normal" form until her business was concluded). This scene also brings a question to yourself - just that the stray is zombie # 1 ??? We can only assume zombie # 1 is one of the original murder victims shown in the film's opening credits, but who knows which one, and why it's a bad one in particular on the movie crew. Ireland sees this transformation and runs away, we see the exact same shot of zombie # 2 shambling in the trees as we saw for zombie # 1. (This leads to momentary confusion about just how many zombies really are). Then at the best 1950 movie-movie Ireland fashion manages to travel while saved. It's easy to hit himself on the head of the Dom Gerger's dead cat (was not that nice in John Carradine's tile for a cat that he barely knew?) <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 has been destroyed havoc at home. It's easy to send three movie-crew members, then start the stairs. Faith Domergue heard him, thinking he lover John Ireland back from his night-shooting, going out. When they see it only zombie # 1, it lets out a cry and reticence in a room where it retrieves Ireland's turrets. While starlet Carole Wells is showering at this point and can not hear the cry, co-star Charles Macauley (who's boozing and hamming her up in a mirror in her room). Getting her sweet time (and only after some more swig from her hip-flakes) she finally decided to investigate. (One of the things that hit the viewer during the last season of this film is how SLOW for reaction of the stars is sharp and shots). Domergue comes back from the armed hallway and ready, but Macauley mistakes for Zombie # 1 and shoots it six times! She makes a beautiful flip-up acrobat on the railing, then a Domergue fears backward, right in the arms waiting in zombie # 1. Carole Wells is not now out of her shower and wipes in when she hears shots and Domergue's cry; It is too feasible to have no emergency to run out of investigation. So, during that time zombie # 1 has long Domergue movie climbed out of the neck with a rope. Wells saw Domergue's domestically domesticated and dying dead-gone. The next time we see it is in a stream outside the house (???) - but more so later. At the time, Ireland has recovered its essence and falls into homes where it detects Zombie # 1 without carnage. Though Ireland has just stumbled over 3 people's murder in more concerned that his movie has been exposed and ruined! Thanks to her (and the audience), Zombie # 1 launches some movie equipment down her head from the 2nd floor. That's the last we see in zombie # 1. At this point the audience is treated in a montage of all the deaths, showing that the same new "ice" are the old ones. How deeply. <br /> Zombie # 2, meanwhile, has gotten near the house (remember, these zombies move slowly like melas in January) where it happens to see Carole Wells floating not in a stream, and fish it out. How did he get there? Does Zombie # 1 bring it down, throw it in, then zoom back off just in time to break John Ireland? Apparently one of the original victims drowned in the bathtub, so Wells drowned too (but why outside of a stream, instead of the tub, never explained). Zombie # 2 has never done it at home itself (dead by now, anyways, thanks to zombie # 1), but instead it brings Carol Wells back to the graveyard. As the credit flash ends on screen, we see zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his arms, down to the open grave. <br /> <br /> The viewer is left asking: Yes, but is not this # 1 zombie in grave? Why Zombie # 2 takes residence? And what if zombie # 1 comes along and wants to ride in - is zombie # 2 going to leave him, or will there be a zombie fight? Are the zombies shared both the grave and the newly carly Wells? And what about now-dead John Carradine - where will he stay? After all, out of the earliest scenes we know it is clearly at home in the tomb ... If this Summary of the final scheme leaves you confused, do not worry cause you by yourself.
