I have three reviews to do about this movie, which I discovered hanging out forlornly in a lower shelf of blockbuster. The first, it is interesting to see the movie maker approaches taken to trying essentially unfilmable work movie. Some have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", got the original author to write a scenario that is something like the original work. Of course that can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some have used the premises of the original work as a launch point in a completely new direction, associated (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can dumb it down - the movie of "Slaughterhouse Five" is in my mind an example. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to find it in Cinema Lines. That would be Woody Allen's approach to "all you wanted to know about sex", and, arguably, this movie. Since consideration, it is probably the only thing that a person can do with an academic work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that the cumulative point of the original work was hidden or destroyed. So it's here. <br /> <br /> Point two is the style of cinemas. Some might call it a "homage" Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's more than that. Far from too heavy and self-conscious to be effective for long. It is eventually just annoying. Three points are perhaps a less intellectual observation. How are the people responsible for this managing to make a movie about wild sexual deviation and pervertion that is so incredibly boring? I found the movie impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who does not automatically draw on the drawing of sexual deviation will find it as well. I do not want to be completely uncharitable and say the film is pointless, but I said that regardless of the movie maker points were rather trampled by the nature of the source material, copying to the surface of the films, and the hardening refusal to listen to audiences on an emotional level (possibly for accusation of titles). The movie is a dubious exercise since the beginning and does not really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
