Wow, this is very strange in one consideration: usually the first movie in a long string to end is the best of the bunch. People are surprised when an end is actually better. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the worst of the bunch, or at least the first six-packaged Tarzan Collection DVD. I will be happy to watch the suites many times but I'm sitting in this turkey, thanks to several characters. <br /> Well, let's start with the first good news: <br /> <br /> - Many stocks and a lot of wild animals on display, though they are just stock footage. You see lion attacks, crocodiles, hippos, panthers, or names, and you see several of the different tribes of all kinds, including pygmies (called "nose" in the movie.) Since this film was made almost 75 years ago, I can not hit any of the realism because they did not have it in the films that have long been published. They do the best they can wear and actors talking in front of fake backgrounds. However, Weissmuller has done a lot of action scenes and has been in great shape. She and O'Sullivan make a beautifully-built couple, if ever been one of those Golden Years in Cinema. The film has historic value (with lots of successes) in showing how Tarzan acquired it and started reading English. <br /> <br /> The BAD - Since this time "Jane Parker" taken by Tarzan almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan in isteric, shrieking and screaming after scene. It's enough to give you a headache and it breaks the movie. Fortunately, he calmed down in the suites, but not in this movie. The film also favors the "Great White Hunter" image as C. Aubrey Smith, playing Jane's father, and Neil Hamilton, as "Harry Holt," safari guide, shooting at every sight, if the animals are threatened or not. These people are kill-happy, particularly Smith. On another note, it's too bad in here to explain how Tarzan had to be in the jungle in the first place. There is no history of him in here or the foot of his growing. It's just when Jane and the band get to a certain point in Africa.
