I just saw DreamGirls yesterday, and I was really under impress. Despite all the Oscar Buzz, this is nothing special. Anyone who really was impressed by this film never bothered to see any of the classic music films. Except for Eddie Murphy's great music and dramatic performance, Dreamgirls is just a glorified TV movie with no style or flair. Just a bunch of enthusiasts singing to each other! <br /> Now the first half hour was good, but I was irritated by how terrific performance Eddie Murphy's performance was truncated and cut off by mounting. Those were easy to sing the best and best performances of the movie. And "the top of the head" portion of the film was the only part of the film that had a consistent viewpoint or any momentum. The remaining hours and 45 minutes were a formal disruption, rambling that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting. It was also visually dull and included too many tone-like tunes. <br /> <br /> Kondon did not try to turn any of the tunes into great show pieces as I expected them would. Each number in the 2nd half was just one after another by "singing" to each other. And the way Hudson shot the big "love me" number was criminal! Kondon just shoot it stuping around the stage - no drama at all! His God saves! <br /> AK notes of all involved - that "song-talking dialogue" thing can work on stage, but it does not work in pictures (see embarrassing embarrassing at Evita and Phantom). All that "I'll teeeell youuuu something efff-ieeee!" They should let the craps on the edges of the correction floor. Those are not "singing." Again, the movie - except for Eddie Murphy's amazing performance - was nothing more than a glorified television movie. There must have been megabucks behind the PR work for this movie! I wonder how much money has passed to pre-release "one beat" Oscar Buzz? As a whole this movie was, except for Eddie, now NEAR an Oscar caliber movie! (except for Eddie) I would rank it right up with fat 2. DEG breakfast, especially after all (very expen $ I've) hype!
