Before I start, I want to say that this movie in and in itself is very well done and well-acting by all involved, including Whittaker, who really deserves his nomination. It's very fun, and. . . Take in the right context as a work of FICTION, it is a very good movie. For this I gave him two stars. <br /> However, rather than wasting your time and what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to instead point out the absolute fictional nature of this movie and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it is true. I stress that this film nowhere to credit allows us to know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Instead, it features this character in a real historical setting, and allows the uninformed viewer to assume it was in reality real, and what they see is the truth. I have no problem with mixing in reality and fiction - but doing so in such an unfair issue is, in a word, wrong. <br /> There can be no doubt that Africa, along with most Third World Countries, is abusive and human suffering and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to take the suffering of those countries in the movie. But Hollywood also has her eyes toward making money. The only true way to take similar suffering is but the West is either experiencing it for yourself, or at least has it captured in an honest documentary. But these are described in fictional fantasy in real historical settings can only be very much. At the end of the day, they become less presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself, and more about your leader from images of images and hit you on the screaming head, "Look, we've made you it was wrong!" The fundamental example of this can be found by anyone who wants to watch the documentary on the DVD after sitting in the movie. The most shocking image of the film is the look of the body of Amin's second wife Idi, whom he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film, we see that its branches were cut and retained on the back (arms for the feet and screw-shaped). This is the director to make sure you understand that Amin is, as the Gungans say, Bom-rage! But watching the documentary, we learn that this is in fact nothing more than a myth, the Minister sitting at Health at the moment himself says we are not. . . What. . . are they just doing things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, therefore! They do not trust us to come to the conclusion right ourselves. Look, that he was assassinated and determined by himself is enough to conclude that Amin was not the likable guy he described in the media - we do not need this CHAINSAW MASSACRE Texas inspired inspiration to reinforce that! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What also does not explain the casual viewer is that Garrigan lead character is itself fictional. There were no young Scottish doctors taking under the wing of Amin. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only for the sake of helping us to mute Westerners understanding the African world. Producers are similar to things we will not be interested in a movie about Africa unless there is a white figure in it. (Ironically, the same title character described by an American black actor!) The problem with this is that the film is not an exposure to Amin and his regime, but instead a gamble exploited on a white Westerner coming to Africa for every reason hurt, make several terrible mistakes, and then "redeem" himself, even at the price of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I have to say it is almost thoughtful that the real tragic death of Ms. Amin was the result of a screening and a Scottish fictional doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment! I really hope Hollywood would stop jerking around for our money. I first realized his propitiation to do so with the horrible manipulative A beautiful preconceived, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman's addiction-sweet adaptation into the life of John Nash, which deleted the darker side of the man featuring only the tortured hero Americans just may not get enough of. This sad truth is that Hollywood has sold us those fake for years, and the viewers, who are adventure and understand too lazy or uncaring to investigate themselves, buy these false portraits hook, line, and sinker. Look, I certainly do not suggest Amin is being turned into a cruel he did not. My point is, and the truth was so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man, why Hollywood then goes to the fictional lengths? Why Hollywood continues to insult us by keeping our hands in the movies? Why can not we trust you think for yourself! Do not we just put the honesty on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I encourage everyone who continues to watch "true" Hollywood movies to make yourself self-favorable in all investigations for yourself, and NEVER assume that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
