Forest performance Whitaker is all the more impressive to make it almost refreshing to sit in this drake. "Historical fiction" does not justify changing history. The absorption begins from the ground up with the imaginary lead character played by James McAvoy. To create a fictional observer for the purpose of giving the reader a point in connection with the book is sorry, sorry that white people can not just read a book without a white protagonist to connect with, but at least it was put into a bit passive role. Making a fake historic actor and credit fiction and exposing Amin in the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. By performing the creations of this credible or even sane creation is just criminal, and has opened the door for such movies as the one they are planning to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron associate who never existed. The logic of the world does not apply to this movie where some Scottish kids think it's okay to sleep with the wife of a murder dictator. It does not apply where the wife of the dictator wants to sleep with some stupid skrawny irresponsible boy boy. For this thing, everything is aligned with this sleep, irresponsible, arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking her beautiful mens. Let me declare, I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about, but I thought Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was crap with anger. I think Kerry Washington would never look twice at him so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful dangerous man like Amin would risk and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. Her character seems to have far arrogance than would make sense, and try to make her look like a badass to shoot the cow just ... there's more words ... absurd. Think about it, you'll look at all of these characters fold themselves in the nodes in order to accommodate this incredible main character and never been as a guy. Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives a great breathtaking performance, with her mark, and her incomprehensible pre-Oscar speech, just how much she acted. It's a movie shame at his side there was no reason to exist.
