"The women ... They're all scrubbers ...!" <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! This ram behind the "father's father" year before, totally misses the special, small magic screen of the original original sitcom, and failing to play fun at all with the big screen ... you could just say that movie This well represents Britain entering the decline, and more precisely even than that, a British * * industry is coming into decline. And that is hardly a recommendation, is it? They must be an example of frustrating madness ... <br /> All that remains after the original television subtlety was surgically stripped away, by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson: endless, dilapidated music signals, yawn, from theme in Ron Grainer ... underlined sentimentality (which is defrosted, thick-edged finishes ... how many odas make the second Steptoe movie look like in comparison) an increased increase - with directors and writers seemingly detached themselves completely - completely applicable something like the 'misbegotten monstrosity' (or really on this site) from 1973, the "mutations". There is an unusual botched, cut-digested tone on the scene where Harold is beating up in a rugby club, which I partly hate and reluctantly (so far, as an intimate friend, from the mood of the TV series. .), but this at least looks like an original slant, with the emblem of just rising in the mushroom of Britain in 1972 ... There is, however, an implicit whore, aye of a 'heart-of-gold 'that turns loose women "bridges poor" Arold - and beyond-cartoon writing in the' class' component; Not to mention, the lurid misjudged performance from the leads is usually daunting. Brambell and Corbett mammoth with the script, and indeed fail to heal it in an essential hammock. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have done in it all ...? I will simply concede that just a few moments on work - primarily those where G & S plays things a little more carefully with B & C sensitive nerves - and it's not about the whole of an unwatchable affair. But oh, how this pain I say is it is tedious, boring, both voluntarily detached from reality and what makes the TV series great, and also completely in melody and lazy, the tawdry, Misogynist 'fuck it, which will do ...' The reality of many of these was allowed to pass for the mainstream film-making in Britain at the time.
