OK, let me again admit that I have not seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) films. Nor did I see work more celebrated by the director, so my ability to discuss before the rains outside of the film analysis itself is lowering. With this admission, let me start. Before the rains are a different type of movie that does not know which genre it wants to be. At first, he pretended to be a romance. In most romance, the protagonist falls in love with a supportive character, separated from the character supported, and he (sometimes) unites with his partner. This movie hero has already won the heart of her lover, but she can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and resides in southern India during the day decreases in the Raj (British imperial rule). Henry was away from London for a long time and fell in love with his unmarried American girl, despite her legal marriage and childhood abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak away for intimate intermediaries until some kids notice them. Words spread to Sajani's husband who questioned his involvement with Moores. He denies all contact with him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani refuses his devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the third opening of the movie. The movie changes tones and gets a crime-drama in its final portion. <br /> <br /> The Sajani body is discovered right as Moores' family comes to visit. The alleged commander is T.K. T.K. know in his master's hand but keep silent until his life becomes threatened. Once he was declared innocent, he tried to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K. It's too chic and leaves it in a dirt road like rain. <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a romance movie. The DVD covered with theater posters shows an Indian woman and white people embraced in an idealized tropical setting. This image captures directly from the movie's opening but quickly disappears. Then it's over. It looks like a capitalized effort on Western firmness on prohibited love. It's not effective at all. Not only is the movie not a romance, but its characters lack any personality. They are bunch of flushes. Moores is an arrogant man who does not recognize his Indian friend, intelligence T.K. T.K. is torn between her own legacy and her educational background. Sajani is an incapable woman to have a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and, of course, Moores' family is intrigued by Sajani's death but still a little Indian racism. If the tone is not so serious, I want to neglect these issues, but not. This film is presented with a pediatric pedestal that indicates the development of its poor character. <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Other than the ridiculous scenario, it's not poor. The actors all experience and do well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was a part of Wonderful Water Indian Water. Even Sivan's directors have an impressive summary. He has recently overseen the terrorist, which is part of the Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentions how she inspired this film because she had a short look at Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently, the story was "timeless," and Sivan sought to create a similar experience set in the 1930s. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan might have been too motivated this time. The actors, movies, and designs are acceptable, but unless you share the Aura Sivan, you will probably not enjoy it. My recommendation is that you assume you are in agreement with him and look something else. Final Consent: * and ½ out of *****
