I can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years as it is considered one of the worst Laurel & Hardy. For me, it's not as close as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and the "Bullfighters," but there are some definite default flaws in it. The film is set up to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny as the lead prancing at a London London dance, surrounded by 20th star star star, while in the next room, Laurel teaches the beginner whales while wearing a ballet outfit. A clumsy lumber man leaked to the floor, leading to a predicable gage where Hardy ends up heavily. Then, in the coming racketeers, now sell insurance covering up their safeguard operations. One of them is a very young and beautiful Robert Mitchum. But no sooner to boycott the boys to buy their insurance, they were arrested. <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is devoted to Laurel and Hardy's support of Rich Trudy Marshall and its inventor companion Robert Bailey. They first try to help them hide the relationships of parents who disagree (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and lover thirst Allan Lane, whom we can say right off is a no pig. This led to Briggs's hidden bar which was revealed to Dumont's totally-total, with a gage where a carpet literally crawled out of the wealthy patriarch who crashed his bed in a pond below. When Bailey uses the boys to help show her ray gun, pandemonium result. The dead-pest grinder announces cases with Dumont that their homes are in fire. Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to get the money to pay the dance studio rent and expect Laurel to break a foot to do so. There is no reference to the fact that the insurance sellers were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even though they became legitimate insurance vendors, after arrest, the license would be fired). Laurel ends up on a bus that was abandoned by the driver on supposedly rabid dogs (only a covered grill, toto cats Toto look-alike, or possibly the pooch actual), causing Oliver to reach a large roller coaster which somehow the bus ended on, perfectly fitting it on the rails. Gauge roller coaster can be interesting, as evidenced by "Abbott and Costello Going to Hollywood", and this one is fun but anticlimactic. As the story ends, all these gags seem no point, giving the impression that this was simply a series of one-reelers put together to make a full-length feature, hopefully part of a double bill. L & H, as I mentioned in other later revision of the movie, lost much of their glamor after leaving Hal Roach's staff, but amazing here, they did not come as old and tired as they had The film was made in the same year. The gag was not as fun, as was the case with some of the other films, this would have been to rank a "2" as opposed to a "3".
