For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, 1940s and beyond they were a very sad time for the team. The deals with Hal Roach Studios have expired and now they were "free agent" - can work for any studio that offers them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (San Roach) and even a French movie company hiring their boys were absolutely no touch for their comic talent. Plus, Stan and Ollie were a lot older and seeing these geriatric guys taking pratfalls seemed sad, not particularly funny. Stan looked very unloaded and Weight Ollie was swinging up to the point where he could barely walk - and so he made me feel comfortable laughing at very, very sedate expeditions. In addition to the ages, this particular film suffered because Fox Studios unrestrained cast into a supporting role and created a parallel scheme involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on screen and turned into insuperable "hangovers over" instead they just were themselves. A nice and cuddly Stan and Ollie are very alien the old Laurel and Hardy in the 20s and 30s - and just seemed awfully awkward and suited to them. <br /> Now, even with age, this COULD has been a decent movie if it was given decent writing and if it appeared to the studio to take care - and it was obviously they were using the "B unit "here - and, at best, second grade support. In particular, there are plenty of laughs and last 10 minutes of the film is simply obnoxious - relying only on a rear-projected screen for the Chase Clown scene - that might just be classified as one of the worst of its kind in movie history. <br /> For hate-loving henchmen in Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But for lovers of the team who want to honestly evaluate this movie their relative movie movie earlier, it simply comes up true wishes. In fact, in full movie full-length 1940, I can not think of one I loved less than Dance MASTERS. Unfortunately, in the movie after-1940, this may just be one of the best. Unfortunately, it has become a lot worse - with films like the BIG ORIZ and anything, but disturbing. I just want the boys to just retire after SEA SAPS. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all reviews are generally positive for this movie about IMDb may reflect their love of review over the team than it's an indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that is not already in love with the team, I do not know how this film will do anything but make the audience - it certainly will not convince anyone Laurel and Hardy were funny geniuses. But even comedy genius needs material worthy of their talent.
