This film uses all the home art culture (slow speed, long static shots, minimum number of dialogues) to try to hide the fact that there is really nothing to look here: There is no scheme to speak, the characters remember ( lead) or cliché (Tersteeghe's character), and never talk to each other about any matter concerning life rather than sanventh. The film centers on a woman who finds out about her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, he half-heartedly takes revenge by committing adultery himself. After a fight with a reconciliation with her sister - who knew about the adultery without saying it - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to be reinstated as a family. Two other story lines - the planned movement of the senior father to women and his young wife in Guernsey and the rivalry and the woman's sister - does not offer any interesting development. Suicide of a colleague of the woman who seems to wear in the movie event is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for this problem - this is not enough to make an exciting movie. <br /> <br /> In addition, what little possibility of dramatic development has in the script is not used or they consciously avoid, as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from daddy which will be sold because of his planned move. Both sisters want this piece in particular and give their rivalry in the past - on things more important than furniture: men - this could be in theory led to a confrontation. Or they can solve the problem by one sister giving way to the other. Either way, this would not be a very interesting or original development in the story but at least it would constitute some development. The film clearly sets this situation (with both sisters staring at each other during marking and a sister who mentions it does not want to draw straws), but it's our cheating from any resolution: the scene simply ends and how this - in itself is sad and materialistic - problem solved, is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the film is excruciatingly flat and tiled. For example, when during a visit to Guernsey, 2 sisters addressed their rivalness to a three-line dialogue with a child "yes it is - no it's not" his ring. The fight scene and reconciliation with the Sisters 2 is completely without dialogue - gives a very artificial, highly stylized and unrealistic impression and considerably reduces its impact. The woman's way finally - finally! - addressing her husband's adultery in a single line of dialogue must be seen to be believing - and it is at the same time completely incredible. The husband does not seem to have any apparent reaction or if he has any, he does not show. The woman does not mention her adultery for her husband. The scene shows the woman, husband and son are sleeping on an airplane, watching by the sister is perhaps meant as a happy end, but the way the characters address their problems in the lives of those who have gone before do it easy .. <br /> <br /> Because of its slow slowing, refreshing story, lead direction and absolute constancy in dialogue, I found this movie an example of everything that can be wrong with an art-house movie with a complete waste of time.
