I do not know what I'm missing here, but I can not believe all of these positive reviews by many people on this movie. I thought it was funny, and a bit on the head. I did like the performances of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, but others were just ... boring .. <br /> Now I love movies B, I really do, but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me. I saw someone compare the humor with the horror of this in the "Army of Darkness" and "Shaun of the Dead", as well as "On par with the Re-Animator". You must play it. I did not find this movie funny, he tried, he made an effort, (possibly too much of an effort), but he failed in my opinion. Since I was hit with the 3rd or 4th one-liner I rolled my eyes and checked my look. <br /> <br /> There was definitely at least made in many other films, which is always cool, kind of a joke inside of our horror fans. But here it may have just been a lack of original thought. Admittedly there were some nice special effects, good gore, but that can not bring a whole movie. The Mutant Grant was looked like a cross between the Jabba Hut, and in the early stages of Mutation- Chet from "Weird Science" (after he returned to the Monster) and one of the alien creature / children from "The Explorers". It just did not work. I thought it looked like something a kid from Grade 5 grade art could be done. Then there was Brenda, the woman who Grant impregnated with chains up in the barn. When help finally reached it looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped. The design once again was totally inimaginable. A round colored balloon with a face in the middle. * Huge * <br /> <br /> Now on the zombies- The more films I see with zombies in these days the more I want George A. Romero to have a patent on them and the writer Only / directors are allowed to make movies on them. He is the only person so far done it right, with the exception of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but that was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were a different style of zombie. Maybe Mr. Romero has ruined any zombie film for her due to her ability to find his actors moan, groan and shocking about as if the joints are dried and lacking even a drop in fluorescence, and the muscles are fighting their effects caused by rigors of mortality that began to put in right before being re-animated. The people of "Wheelsy" just did not have the proper motivation ... were terrible zombies. So in the end I give "slip" a 3, for a couple of laughs and a few nice Gore scenes.
