Slither is a horror comedy that does not really have enough horrors or comedians to qualify as one or the other. It has one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingers that work, but very few real crises and not humor enough to hold the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and heroine, and go to the cultivator in many places. <br /> A great fail in this movie is that it introduces and then leaves her hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as it is first introduced and then gets the monster. This whole part of the movie by Michael Rooker is not that interesting to us, and it looks as it goes through a series of motions while acting in the monster's interest might be interesting if this was Grant - Portrait of a man Turning to a monster rather than a strange comedy invasion-comedy movie. In the final analysis of this movie's films in the script - it is not relevant to the audience how the monster acts or diffuses. The purpose of a horror comedy is to get the heroes backed up in a corner with rifles and then throw the bugs, and crack the wise whenever something is scary or disgusting happens . Instead we get an exploration of the alien habits and tactics that just make that part of the film drag. The first hero (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central to this part, but however I felt the film left its narrative track, unless it planned on Grant Grant after all the way to the end. When Fillion and his poses ultimately confront the alien the movie starts to cook, but once again the problem is in the script. At that point audience knows - and the characters should know - that Grant is not only suffering from some diseases, and acts accordingly (instead of steadily) instead of continuously paralyzed in the face of increasing evidence that this is not something that "let's get you to a hospital" that will help. Although the reactions could be human and real, these are characters of an action film and simply should make that the promised movie - redeemed action. A shortage of action scenes in a movie and as some ideas as this is a big fail. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation with the clash of aliens this larval bag (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie) the script once again betrayed the movie. At this point one of the characters is almost taken over the alien and develops an insight into the alien. The director's director (Gunn) chooses like this character a completely new character, rather than one of the already developed minor characters. Why? Why did he need to introduce a completely new character more than an hour in the movie that gets central to the draw? Since then this character has attacked, we know hardly anything about it and can handle less on it, though it's a teenager winsome girl in her bath. Gunn has decided not to use this character and just use one of the minor character sets, he could completely avoid introducing his family and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been full of foreign plans without all the extra characters, and they could be around around blowing away earlier and vigilant aliens. <br /> <br /> My latest criticism is based on watching the movie. Gunn is mostly a writer, or maybe she has budget constraints, but this movie looks ugly and refreshing. Most of the action takes place at night in woods or on a field, and the screen simply looks drab. The compositions of Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. The Mojo state budget film office was $ 15 million, the journals said $ 29 million, and they considered using no talent, I would say the money did not show up on screen. The monster is just crammed, and rarely seem dangerous. <br /> <br /> The latest criticism is mainly based on the fact of action the character. Since Fillion and Co have begun to hunt the Grant / Alien, a woman has disappeared and Grant is known to be animal mutilating. At that point I was hoping the FBI or at least the State Police to show and take to Sheriff's hick. A woman disappeared and the chances were murdered, and a local psychiatric act. Time is called the authorities. But basically I was hoping to happen because I just wanted some characters that would show up with ACT. Although this film is officially a horror-comedy, the film it brings the most resemblance to Dreamcatcher in terms of monstrous invasion and the kind of monster with its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had many major issues and stories (mostly Morgan Freeman subplots) and particularly ended, in many ways it was stronger, primarily because the main characters were stronger, but most importantly because it looked nice. Although this may have anatema - prefers the weakest film in general and structural spine drawings because of the production value - which just shows you how refreshing I get to look at Slither.
