One Star. This whole document deserves. I did not feel this shame in watching a movie, let alone a documentary, at some time. <br /> I'm a big fan of the "Market and ..." series, including Nigel Marvin turn-offs, for all gleeful fun again informative information. And although the subject of prehistoric man never interested me almost as other prehistoric creatures, the subject is still interesting and unique to explore. When you saw all the other documents in the series, I thought I needed to see this one, especially after seeing relatively good reviews in other places. <br /> Well for those of you who put a good review of this doc ... what did you think? Lol. Though the information that they could get in was interesting, the presentation failed in all other ways possible. It had a terrible leak, was extremely unfocused in what he was trying to say (with climbing information and sometimes out of place), terrible effects (including the few moments of CGI and especially the makeup effects), and overused MTV style camera effect. <br /> Talking about the makeup effects, one review here mentions how scare the scene was when the cavemen come across this giant Ape and how it looks like a lot like a 70s man-in-cost movie theater. Well there are plenty of times just like those who showed people the look ridiculous and ridiculous. None of this is helped by terrible camera position and composition. The worst part of all is not one of its shows in an interesting or dynamic way, or seems remotely real. It does not even look as it took seriously. He also missed any emotional fate that the predecessors of the series won. Remember the episode of "Walking with dinosaurs" in the fate of the Ornithochirus (Sp?)? This episode always gets me on the verge of crying every time I watch it. It's this sort of commitment and subject to missing here most of all. When you are more engaged in the subject with its own personal story, even one that is just speculation, you care more about the facts surrounding it. <br /> <br /> Men are saving only in this production, the good narration (at least in the BBC version I've seen) and the music. Otherwise, DO NOT bother even rent this one unless you want to have a good laugh (which I did often, but usually followed by rolling eyes). This does not belong to the shelf and the other "Walking and ..." Doc. And it makes sense to learn that this doc was NOT produced or directly involved with the same people who made others in the series? Hmmm ...
