This film aka "four hundred blows" is a misunderstanding. The 400 coups "mean" live a wild life. As a French, I'm stunned when I see the popularity of this good, but there is no denying outstanding movie. (1956), Alain Resnais of "Hiroshima Mon Amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol in "The Beau Serge" (1958) are anterior Isistically, "The 400 Causes" come after. 2.News the wave was sometimes powerful and difficult on the predecessors: Paying nights, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and a lot of others have ended up in selfish and contemptible oblivion.this. The typically "New wave" .You never heard (or it) the big generation of the thirty (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) laughed at, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So thanks to Truffaut and co, some people will never discover some gems of the fifty French or quarantine (Duvuvier's "the heart of the Paris," the "Autant-Lara" gentleman, Yves Allégret, "a nice little jungle beach" and "manèges "). Go as far as saying that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "The 400 Causes" is technically rather irresistible: it's very academic, the story is as straightforward as it can, teachers are caricatures, and Claire Maurier's mother delivers these memorable lines as (you had to be a French one 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is): Well, your father received only his letter (junior school diploma), and, as for me, I only had my high school diploma! You've known, 1960, hardly 10% of the HSD students in France! Antoine Doinel should be proud of her mother after all! He wants him to have diploma, who can blame him? 4.Compare and innovations of "Hiroshima My Love", which features a brand new form, and a new "fragmented" content, "400 400 coups" pals in meaning.Truffaut will master a new form only with very superior "Jules and Jim ", helped by Jeanne Moreau's Incomparable. 5. The interpretation is rather stiff; Jean-Pierre Léaud, arguing that armed in English is still decent, but he will soon degenerate into the most affected by his generation. 6. Subject to = stealing children was the best day before (Julien Duvivier in the "Carrot Poit", Luis Bunuel "named") and will be there after (Maurice Pialat's "infant nu", Kenneth Loach "Kes") I do not want to prevent Truffaut, his film is not bad, but, frankly, French film movie, rather "Jules and Jim" "heavy infant" (an honest, honest and commercial commerce of a fault) argent of poche "(as academic as" 400 coups ", but much more funny) or beautiful Hitchcock pasticle read" heartily dim ".
