It is an Axiom Frank Zappa that "music journalist is the person who can not write an interview to people who can not speak for those who can not read." If you never need proof that musicians can not speak, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at profundity stumbled upon themselves to end up in monosyllabic comments delivered by awestruck voice: "Wow." (Thanks, Idris Muhammed.) This movie is pretentious but while many of the pontifications from Youssou N'Dour and her gang of happy guys (with a woman slap) scratch, the music saves the day. /> The main idea behind the movie (what I take to be the main idea, digging from the unmatched Next) is interesting. To gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that has grown into and out of slavery, back to the roots of the music in West Africa, with a concert of old old slave in Gorée on the coast of Senegal. We treat them good news, blues, jazz and variations in these, including some fantastic hurricanes both in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good deal of N'Dour's own composition. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that's another weakness. It's never entirely clear what N'Dour himself wants to achieve. In some degrees, the film appears to be a self-promotional exercise on N'Dour's part. She wants to play her own music, jazzed up to some degree and performed by the company in a bunch of musicians she admired. It is clearly a bit embarrassed by this and early in the movie to get the blessings of Curator of the Gore Museum. <br /> <br /> The conflict between the different agendas shows in many other places. For example, someone obviously feels that it is not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel chorus, but N'Dour and most of his comrades are Moslems (one point was repeated throughout the movie ). All the early sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until the group harmony closes (only the black Christians who can hold a tone?) Lift to Dakar at the end of the movie. (To be fair, they turn triumphs and get the best piece of the movie.) If the dark music story needs to be in the direction of the gospel, why it is not in the direction of Latin America? Where are the Black Influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is in Europe. Here the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any caliber musicians, since N'Dour selects the Australian guitarist guitarist and a trumpet player in Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because N'Dour played with him before? What I personally found most irritating, though, was the long sequence that tried to recreate a 60s beatnik / black power / nation of Islam's cultural event in the New York home in Amir Baraka (a.k.a Leroi Jones). Listening to the importance of "knowing your story", and then in the next snooping perpetual ignorance. Why many African Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is a statement on African roots? And why think Arab Islam is so much more admirable than European Christianity? Who thinks that the trade of African slaves has been established in the first place? The film does not have much to say about the situation in Western Africa today beyond the platoon that "present condition" is a consequence of all the brightest and best ones that have been shipped for 300 years. Senegales seem to be a poor but happy, talented, friendly and welcoming music, respect for the elders (and not above American fleets visiting the fish market). Is this ethnic ethnicity or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of Dakar. There is also a strong implication of the film that the slaves taken in Dakar from Dakar. The similarity between the style style drumming in New Orleans and the style of drumming style in Senegal is quoted in evidence. The past slaves have heard before they were drumming in their country, the bids left us. Except, of course, that by and large, the shipping slaves from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or traded from the interior of the Senegalese coast and sold to the trader of whatever European power may have now held the Fort Gore Est. The people of Dakar are not African descent who escaped the slave trade, as well as ... more likely ?? to be the offspring of those who sold the black brothers to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> Two agenda agenda again in the final part of the movie. There are two endings separately. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co have been rehearsed and prepared on the road with which they are delivered to the yard in the Fort Gore Fort. The other end comes when the Harmoners harmoniously singing spiritual songs "Returning to Glory", to the motherboard door of the Slave Fort. This is deeply moved, though it is difficult to believe the performance is quite as spontaneous as it appears. <br /> <br /> This is a defective movie. Unclear in the story it tries to say and tugged in different directions. Irritation, confusing, beautiful and emotional does not turn. Watch it (listen to it) for the music and the feeling, but do not expect science or intellectual difficulties.
