I liked "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I ran out to find "Frankenstein must be destroyed" to see Cushing in it again ... though he was without Chistopher Lee this time. For my great disappointment, this movie does not only make bloodshed, but it does without Monster Frankenstein's all along! Was it a case in "If we can not get Lee, we will not have a monster at all"? Why would they do that? The Monster is half the fun of the whole thing !! This film is dedicated only to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to end his experience began in brain transplantation before finishing in an asylum. I found the script very weak, and the need to stop unbelievably force the audience a little too much. I want to stop a fair amount, but this movie was just ridiculous, which took me out of the movie rather than diving me into it. Peter Cushing, though, is absolutely brilliant to play worse in this movie. To be one of the most beloved and notorious actors kindly, he was sure to be able to play very menacingly and maliciously. Thrust in support is competent, but there is little to do, even the young doctor and her fiancé blackmailed to help Frankenstein. A bumbling police boss introduced, along with sidekick put-on, generates some funny relief, then they completely fell into the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the police chief will be the main enemy of the Baron, then we have led to believing he will be the young doctor, and then he ends up being the victim Frankenstein in transplanting experience brain. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creativity", and the finish was leaving so ambiguous as they left one satisfied because it is so clear they are setting up another end. <br /> Also, there is virtually no "horror" element. Yes, there's a head off from the beginning (off-camera), and we are treated in the sounds of Cushing off the heads of the man's skull (again, off camera), and there are the most rigid and well-established scenes necessary (90% of which is, again, off-camera). I understand that there is a love of "leaving the audience to imagine it all, so their imagination is far worse than we can show," but come on, if you will not give us a monster, then at least let us Look at some "awful" elements you choose to win. Showing us a skeleton of the lit light and a green light is just not scary. <br /> <br /> On top of a weak script, I thought the direction was mostly flat. There was a couple of beautiful shots, but otherwise there was no excitement, atmosphere, or suspense was produced. The same director made "curse" back in 1958 and I thought he was brilliantly directed ... guessing it was as inspired by this movie as I was. The movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for Cushing's Powerful Performance, nuance ... beyond that, I found little of this movie worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch the "Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really great movie movie movie.
