"Her Cardboard Lover" is the latest movie by Norma Shearer. She left the movie and, I think, joined the Board of Directors at MGM. That was a good move on her part. "His cartoon lover" spoke boring in parts. It was obvious that there were only a handful of actors and speakers to have a lot of dialogue to speak to keep this turkey going afloat. The story was a good idea about a rich woman (Norma Shearer) to hire a man (Robert Taylor) to make him playboy fiancé (George Sanders) jealous. I'm surprised that the director, George Cukor, did not cut much into the talk scenes between Mr. Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Cukor served Ms. Shearer well in the "Women" but not in this movie. <br /> <br /> The best performance of the movie was given by Robert Taylor. During Mr. Taylor's career, he gave his best comedy role in this film and "When Ladies Meet" in 1941. In 1942, he gave his best comedy performance to his "Cartoon Lover" and, then, his best dramatic performance of "Johnny eager." He had a busy year. I think of all the actors of MGM, Mr. Taylor has worked with all the major and minor actresses on the lot. Also, MGM gave Mr. Taylor all sorts of movies to do - many of them were successful. That's why the MGM has been holding it for 25 years. George Sanders was very good as a social heel. He played a role that appeared eight years later in "All About Ev" for which he had an Oscar for a support role. As for Ms. Shearer, this was one of her worst performances, it was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. It is strange that he made a great comedy in 1939, "The Girls", and gave his best performances. It was obvious that he was too old looking for his youngest leading leader in his "Cardboard Lover." Also, she did not help that some of her clothes were awful. <br /> <br /> Too bad she and Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic movie like the last movie together, the superb "escape". The same comments on this film can be said in another movie, "Personal Property" by Mr. Taylor made in 1937 and Jean Harlow. She was too talky, boring, and the actress looked old. Ms. Harlow was ill throughout the film and nobody in Hollywood noticed it was a doctor, so in 1937, he died at age 26. What a waste! She became a good actress and getting better roles.
