Even the 1942 standard film-making setup featuring LADER's gifts was the extreme date. The caressing of a half of a pair (of spouses, ex-husband / ex-wife) may get the other back to the threat of marriage to another, divorce, or separation eventually by means of jealousy, humiliation, or The other schemes made the best of classics as her Friday GIRL and the story of PHILADELPHIA. Both of these movies feature women who have a strong screen, indomitable and independent playing, protester-feminist characters. In both cinemas, both women were estranged / divorced from their wives (witty) first and placed unmarried couples opposing their precise, and both would be bamboozled in rejecting husband-to-be husbands and re-influences the passions for the other. The plot of LOVER CARDBOARD has changed the gender: here, she's in Norma Shearer's role in Cary Grant out, this time, at Ward's former boyfriend (George Sanders) by means of hiring Robert Taylor to pose as gigolo li. The problem is, Shearer is very much too old to play a more adaptable role in a twenty-year-old actress; Sanders is over as involved as a piece of furniture for the most - anyone who would be in love with her fiancé, when seeing a strange man from his bathroom as happens here, would knock the lights out He caused a great scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his part as if he was trying to cary Grant's half-time, not in speech, but in general. <br /> <br /> But the worst part of it is shearer herself. For an actress used in parts that gave him a sense of intellectual gender and dramatic presence, Play Consuelo Craydon seems to put him in the full-bodied, subtlety, and subtlety hole that, while still part of her style of acting and more appropriate ten years earlier, making her look like a very scenic scene wrenching the joke out of a situation like water from a fairly dry sponge. It only combines the fires that tell the theory that the Irving Thalberg maker is in his career and chooses in (most of it) roles; why he spent on roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hit now VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but then again, most accounts also state that at the moment it was just burning out of acting, that it would have lost interest in the whole thing altogether and it's no secret that anyone Experiencing this sort of thing has essentially lost focus and can not wait until retirement or the end of a deal is near to leave as soon as possible. These can be the case here. It seems lost, it looks tired, it looks sick at ease, goes to otopilot instead of living the party. After this movie she would do more, but would be responsible to discover Janet Leigh who would enter her own as a screen star during the late 40's and in the 60s.
