Welcome to the 17-movie Classic Refrigeration 50 Package. Where we will see, That's right. Another movie that makes absolutely no sense. Seriously, this film was so confused at the end, I thought I was retrieving "At Dawn to Sleep." The plot seems simple enough .... well that is until 3 seconds in the movie where a girl supposedly kills a cat and then ... um .. exploded? I have no idea what happened. and that was before SCREEN TITLE. This is really sad when I can not even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes. <br /> <br /> Anyway she stars a photographer and a big whiskers who get this girl after dumping her other girlfriend on the road taking pictures of something somewhere. So we get there but not before someone steals their jeep to drive it 200 feet out of the road towards a city. suspect? well. So they decided to stay in this desert town with an old lady. and then blah blah things happening with blah blah talk. The guy and the mustache go out of the fog for some reason even though the old lady says he does not. He gets lost and then finds his way back. Oh, I forgot to mention this is all after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of staying in the house of a guy who looks like buggy guy eyed out of casablanca. And they left. There is really no point at this stage. It's really just padding. if you cut it out no one would notice or care. <br /> But sadly, that was actually the best part of the movie. wait. let me rephrase that. REALLY Unfortunately that was the best part of the movie. because the rest is so confusing that I watched IMDb to find out what happened. But of course no one else knows so I'm SOL. <br /> <br /> Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments I've ever seen on the movie. Dressed her in a dress, she gets kidnapped, then released and ran back to the house, then the end of the witches at home and she finished? seriously. I've never been so confused in a movie. I mean, as bad as movies like "War of the Robots", at least they make sense. This film does not even make ATTEMPT be coherent. The end was as confusing as the end of "At dawn to the dawn" and the plot was much more boring. This movie gets a 1 just for its absolute "I have no idea what happened in this film" ness. "Witches Mountains" become 1 movie surveillance film from 10.
