I could not make sense of this movie much of the time, and neither can anyone else, based on other reviews. The opening scenes in this movie have virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist and a large mustache can vaccinate her from his girlfriend. It is assigned to photograph a mountain range. She rumored to be haunted, but I could not tell if she heard that out of her boss or later in the movie. On his way, he met a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinced him to join him on his working trip. Throughout the movie, there are notes of this awful music, especially including songs that make you want to call "SHUT UP NEW !!!" What really galls a person is that the movie always looks like it's about to become good, even though it never does. There are beautiful mountain scenery and some really creepy atmosphere. The altar and silence, abandon the old buildings scattered on the hill rather threatening. Night to blush real look, not like someone wearing an artificial arts car on the backdrop. And the idea, while not original, was potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to be refreshing. Here's how it goes, more or less. To stop in this inn is run by a hospitable innkeeper (you expect him to be called Igor) and a hearing impaired. There is a scene where the writer thinks a tom peeping is in his window, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what was going on. If this was poor lighting or a poor movie transfer is unknown to me. At any event, we never found out what happened. There is a scene where it wanders during the night. Whether it is sleepwalking or mesmerized by the witches in the title never explained. Another scene that never explained is when the car is stolen, then get back, and nothing stolen. They wind up in this village apparently abandoned hills that inhabit single salt is this beautiful old woman. There are other things, including someone chained to a cave that has never explained, an attempt to offer the writer in a way (will kill him or brainwash him to join them?), The witches themselves, a bunch of brunette women in white clothes does not show up to the last 15 minutes of the film and has practices and beliefs never explained. Even the closed scene makes no sense. When all is said and done, most people say, "Huh?"
