Tell this movie very difficult to follow and just as frustrating to sit in is to put it very light. Also it is said that the current print is black, sad, scratched, abysmally edited, aroused, seemingly tender and in the form of almost controlled is also correct. This film is in dire need of a good remastering from the full, uncut, original original and see how it's atomic reason (and won the director of awards at the Catalan Film Festival), it might actually be a value of the problem. Then again, maybe not ... It's just impossible to say in the current status of the movie it actually is. It starts fairly interesting, if you can completely disconnect the senseless pre-credit opening sequence, which involves a little chat-bother, snake-like girl named Gerda. The girls girls, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should wear in the eyeliner a little), fly some gasoline around the garage and torches. Seemingly as crazy as young Gerda, he goes to visit his photographer (former?) Mario Companion ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). She's on vacation at work, but so desperate to get away from Carla that she pleaded to her employer to put her up on a placement ... any placement. She scowls "You'll regret!" as he headed out the door. Well, Mario is assigned to photos "Mountain Witches" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before coming to his destination, he came to sight in a hottie on the beach named Delia (Patty Shepard) and master a few photos of her taking in her bikini head. Only a little peeved, he claims to be a single writer, the little game and then decided it would be a swollen idea if they went to the trip up the hill together. When they stop at his place so he can pack his bag, Mario suddenly hears loud, disaster music. Delia claims she just heard things. So the two start their journey up the hill, taking a stop at a local inn for the night. There are a strange, partially-deaf, Crazy-Eye innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia claims someone has been spying on here in his window. The next day, under some visions, he wanders up the hill and is eventually located in Mario, who comes from his jeep and chase him. While he found out what got up, someone steals the wheels and is forced to walk a piece, eventually finding the jeep definitely at the foot of a small, ancient, similar village abandoned ... almost like a people tried to intentionally lure them there. Well, as we will see, it's exactly what happened. In the village they meet an old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims she is the only person who is still alive and allows her to stay in her home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when it develops them eerily full of people. A little recreated, he and Delia begin to quit and get stuck in fog "treacherous" and must pull over and camp out for the night. The rest of the movie made with voodoo dolls, black cats transformed into sexy women, satanic rituals made by ladies in the arms and a very dangerous fall of a cliff. And yeah, azar carla wife of alien turns out to be one of the witches, too. It all takes place in semi-darkness and to be quite honest, I did not know what the hell was going to most of the time. Decomposing "unfinished" ending is just an additional slap in the face of anyone suffering from the rest of this chaos despair. Fortunately, there are just a few things that stand out to me as they really are good. The first is Shepard actress, who has the great Barbara Steele kind of black, mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent music score (credited by Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs, which helps many in making this movie as atmospheric as it is. The work where justice is decent, but as I said, the printing is ugly as can and does not make a lush in sense, so continue with precautions on this one.
