In Europe, it was known as that Dares Wins; In America, it was known as the Final Option, but under any title this funny action tricks SAS asked the audience to put their disbelief in one side for around two hours. I find it extremely difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the Bond movie .... this guy is so expressing himself to struggle to get a job in a waxwork museum (like a Waxwork !!!) Luckily, Judy Davis is on hand to partially purchase the affair with a meaty performance as a hard-line terrorist lady, and there is a ten-minute climactic action sequence that is quite completely attesting to director Shan Shan. Let it add that it is a very, very, very wait wait for these close stimuli come around, and I can not honestly say that a close two hours wait for a bit of decent action was worth the effort. <br /> SAS hard man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) goes under a group of peacekeepers who would like to see the end of nuclear stockpiling weapons. He meets the leaders of Frankie (Judy Davis), a woman with a lot of speech and views that might just be able to take extraordinary steps to achieve her goals. Frankie dedicated bunch of violations inhibits the U.S. Embassy in London, demanding a nuclear missile fired at a naval base in Scotland (he believes that when the world witnesss a nuclear explosion for real, everyone will be so amazed that they will join it's campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she made the mistake of taking Skellen on her small embassy attack, and she plans to block the plans from inside and a little help well timed out of his SAS comrades. Inspired - quite obviously - by the SAS terror attack on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone saw that events on the news apparently thought it would be good to devise a film along similar lines. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too many stupid dialogues and a heck of a lot of embarrassingly bad scenes (archbishop's arch debacle that goes down into a riot, anyone?) Frankie's ideas to bring about peace does not stress a nuclear explosion It's ridiculous anyway, so it becomes a ridiculous figure just when the audience is on the verge of viewing it as an interesting villain. Which wins Dares trying to be a celebration of the legendary military who is the SAS, but at the same time it slopes in cliche action clumsy and ill-thought-out plot. The result is a well-intentioned, yet complete, slim fit of the boy's absurdity.
