"It's like trying hard to describe just how exciting it is like making a relationship like drama like and all the porn like porn cast as in for such good measurements, and stir up as contro-like -versy and make us more like money and love things. "- Ellen, the quote lost. <br /> "Kissing, Like, Like, Like, Mouth and Stuff" is like the best of such artistic jeans like ever to make. Looks like Ellen's hairy arms and like Chris masturbating was like the height of my year-movie-watching experience with my stuff. But before I like to start breaking new US-20-something-Airhead files with my "love", let me just like a bit as high-as high as possible in this visual aspect: <br / > 1. Chris makes the deed and his genitals. And it's not just that: the way the camera (guided by Chic by Ellen and Patrick) is rewarding the viewer with a full-screen shot of white-striped fatty body after finishing the un-Catholic wallpaper - that's really thrilling. I can of all honesty say that I have never seen such favor. Chris, you should do the following scenes in your next movie, because it's exactly what we need as a continuation of what's brilliant, brilliant, Lars von Trier and its "Idiots 95", started. A quick w *** and then a hairy, fat, white belly: what more can any movie-goer ask for? Needless to say, I can sit all day and watch Chris Cumulation (in spite of the fact that I'm right) ... These poetry in motion. These distinctions, such as style. No less than total, inspirational wine enters filmed sequel - plus a substantial amount of Zen philosophy. Even Barbra Streisand could not get more spiritual than that. Ellen's hair is thick, thick. Wobbly-camera shut-ups, so skillfully photographed by our director of photography (I can not emphasize this enough), Ellen and Patrick, often cause confusion about the proper identification of sex in the question. There were several scenes when we saw part of a body (a leg, arm or foot), but it was often a guessing game: does this body-part belong to a man or woman? Of course, Chris and his fellow artists, Ellen, Patrick and whatsername, cast their heads on purpose, because their bodies were ideal for creating this sex-based confusion. It was at times hard to guess if someone saw a female or male leg. Patrick is so very thin and eduminate in his movements, so stylish and primitive, whereas Ellen and the other girls are so much butch, what with thick feet and arms. Brilliant. <br /> <br /> <br /> 3. Brilliant - especially the way that's really the link and theme of flipping between the gender: so absolutely original and mind-blowing. Ellen behaves like a man, wanting to have sex all the time, while her older Patrick wants to talk - like a girl. Guilty. <br /> 4. Ellen's research for a left link link. "He must love the 'Simpsons', which is quite Leftist." I am glad that the musicians in this movie have decided to break the long tradition of offering us Left Left intelligent. Ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change. The number of "likes" that he and his friends liberally manage to pronounce in less than 80 minutes are really phenomenal (3,849, to be exact). They have managed to really transfer their real life concerns to the big screen with a minimum of effort, and I applaud them for that. Close-ups are in the toe. Many things here for foot-fetishists, which I think are a very liberal, highly reliable way of reaching out to sexual minorities. After all, shoes-and foot-fetishists are offering little of modern cinema, so it's nice to see someone out there car. <br /> <br /> KOTM, or rather, KLOTLMAS, offers more than satisfied the eye. Not only a modest little movie about people who engage in hollow relationships while delivering in meaningless conversations. No, it's more than that. It's about the light that guides all funny animals; Light guides that dominate the lives of useless to various pseudo-artistic wannabes that just fall out of film school, and plan our senseless and dim-witted acting drivel that will hopefully play well at festivals such as Sundance and Cannes, enabling to find the exhibits necessary to hence some real cash for a change, with which they will later love the likes of Sean Penn and George Clooney in promoting the saving of this planet and solving all political issues facing this world . What better way to do this than by having pornography at the very beginning? <br /> <br /> If Chris and Ellen did the camera here, as is clearly stated in their credit completion, then who kept the camera during the two of them in front of it? They probably hire some passers-by and push the camera into their hands ... <br /> Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8, and check out "My TV & Cinema: 150 Worst Can In Nepotism" list.
