There is something in most of us, especially guys, who admire some classes really working small town "real men" populist fare. And Sean Penn serves it for us with a cherry on top. Hey, a lot of people use Penn as a boy to lash politics, but I'm not missing movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. This is what is the right wing commentator such as filmable film reverie Debbie Schlussel does. While recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think that this picture was a simplistic piece of comedy that he had been hoping for since. <br /> Well, you have this in this has good cop, a small town, Joe, played against types by Mauritius Morse, who at the opening scene hunted some guy on a big country farm sixties machine. The bad guy stops, gets out, shoots at him so Joe has to blast him dead. There was no explanation that drove the man to make such a desperate violent thing with the dead man's parents making some reps frequency from the police station while Joe felt really sad and guilty that he had to kill a people. So we know that Joe, the farmer forced into his country to a cop job, is a good sort of basic guy. Then his frank brother, he is a sadistic, amorous bully, fresh from the Army and Nam where the war got his bloody rush. Some people here and in other reviews call it just an irresponsible hell to raise younger brothers and Sean was trying to make some points on what John Wayne's tough guy culture and warfare made people otherwise good but what I saw was a amorous, sadic intimidated who enjoys injuries and arrogance of the person. Then there are mothers and moms, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, making the turnaround turn as old fashioned country couple, then dying off; It's not sick and it's not suicide shotgun, to advance the story for us. Both times Frank the bad guy is far from being a miserable SOB. But good Joe brought it back to Podunksville out of prison for Frank can right his life from welding bridges and living with his utterly stupid screaming wife wife. But Joe has a lovely wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean used this as an exercise in some action-decorating action at Goody Joe and real soulfully under his uniform cut and crew. For me, that was a subnotively submissive affirmative action that Sean uses to burn his guy hard guy by sucking up to Mexican because Mexicans are so hard and cool. But Frank is bad and we find the incident of events such as stealing the friend's car, stealing gas stations by beat the clerk on the top then torching the car and all the cool things that raise the gospel. Then there are 8mm movie mandated childhood youth of Joey consciously moving the lawn and cowboy dressing Franky jumping against him and struggling him and yadda yadda so we all know that deep bondage is between two of them. <br /> <br> So the film meanders around with a lot of small villages warming the heart of any red stater. Accompanying the movie was a great band of good sixties songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin who were totally inappropriate, except for the 60's era, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is that, since the film was inspired by a Springsteen song, the "Highway Patrolman", which song was not included. <br /> So Joe's brain dead wife goes to work with Joe to run to the bar to get loaded and spilling some populace spunken the game victim on how difficult things are while good Joey comes to drag her back of his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank whigs out for no particular reason and beat Ceasar his pals to die after good Joe couple of leaves. <br /> So Joe was kicking his bad brother down and I was so hoping he would do the right thing and blow that threat to society away. Instead, we get a scene where his brother stops in front of some 50 old man on some lonely roads at night, with little Franky in his cowboy suits and mouth guns coming out of the car facing The good Joe Joe, from the 8mm global warming to home movie sequences. Oy, like holes! Then at the top of this hard-sleeved lady, some Zen crap on the Indian runner, who is a messenger, gets the message, for the sake of Marshall MacLuhen? Look what I mean, Sean did better than this So do not be afraid to miss this one.
