I'm afraid this one is very obnoxious, despite many good performance and generally competent acting-to-camera directions. It is a first and last attempt by writer-director Soo Lyu. "Rub and Tug" (2002) is one of the unfortunate products produced by the Canadian program to promote home-grown films. While the program encourages refreshing efforts like "New Waterford Girl" it opens the door for untalented initiatives such as Lyu who did not have aggressive fertilizers this project, but it was green-light without an adequate exam in his script or eligibility, them. <br /> <br /> You do not mind the budget low because shabby production design, bad lighting, poor audio, and scam docu-style injection selection is consistent with the subject; workers in Canadian massage salons. But the dialogue with the scheme does not give the actors anything to work with, the many editors are gathering, or a viewer any mental challenge other than suspension of disbelief. When your story is simplistic this last thing you need is a storytelling technique; Even if nothing happens, the film is hard to track and point-of-view is impossible to blow down. <br /> <br /> Don McKellar's performance as Conrad is a bit different from the same as characterizing it to "exotic". Lea Lindy Booth is her original original original; as always it is unlikely but here it is little else. Cindy Kira Clavell is a wonderful surprise, an Asian type of Shelley Duval. Only other role in any consequence, Tetty Spencer-Nairn's wise-wise Betty, more than canceled her excellent performance at "New Waterford Girl". His fund performance in "rubbing and tug" should light any trend to seek other films in which he appeared; unless you need further confirmation of Alan Moyle's "Waterford" director of skill in working with young actors. <br /> <br /> You quickly conclude that Lyu's reptil brains can not grasp concepts such as plot complexity, so the need to insert a lazy device with the lame "machus deus" toward the end is hardly a surprise. Still it might be worse, the list story with little internal logic in every way that the finish is easy is not as painful as would normally be the case. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
