If my memory is correct, when this movie was released he came across as something of a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what he supposed to be, he does not really work. It just is not funny. The rather meaningful setting (since so-called a comedy!) Aside from having no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which deals with the go on behind the scenes of a Toronto massage salon, except to say - if this is true - life is very dull. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this film really does not give you much of anything except some background knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the newly-hired manager of the massage salon whose basic work is apparently sure the girls do not give "full service" - an euphemism for genuine sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's aim is to buy a salon in her own so she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada working to support her family home back with Leah is - well, Leah is a bit strange, indefinite character and a nipple - true - females - that seems to be in the business because - well, because it's in it! I have no idea what character it was about. These three can be fairly reasonable composed characters that accurately represent the motivations of women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The movie meanders over and does not offer much until the "twist" reveals Conrad to be the bad guy. We should have gotten that point earlier. The only truly interesting thing here was this part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the plot revenge against it by the girls. That plan for revenge was very good, and you're grateful when it comes out because basically up to that point you wonder why you waste your time with that. The story has been more focused on the revenge, this might actually have been a fairly humorous movie. <br /> <br /> Performance from 4 leads was all ok, although I did not think anyone came across as exceptional. All four characters were a bit deep. Cindy was a sympathetic character, and so was Conrad for a while, although she turned out to be the bad guy in the movie. Given the subject, there's a little nudity little (and that there is restriction in one scene.) In fact, there is even a certain time of innocence around a lot of this. As for the overall quality of the film, it's a low-budget effort, which shows, although you expect a certain crime, I suppose, in a movie put in the context of a body rubbed rubber, so this is forgiven. It certainly says something, though, that this was released 8 years ago and still the only credit to writer writer Soo Lyu and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian movie industry - that he does not even judged worthy of being nominated for any genius - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I was a bit generous with that.
