This kind of storytelling is unacceptable The only reason this movie is anywhere above the 5 stars from 10 lines is because it was George Lucas behind it, and it has the words "Star" and "War" in its title. This is an insult to the aspiring cinema, and many others out there who made the film superior to superior stories, write and act, but did not get the credit. This is a travesti. <br /> <br /> The first thing first. The story. Anakin's Evolution? There is no. Apart from a little make-up around the eyes, and a call, no. He gets young, stupid, Anakin Skywalker Anakin Darth Vader in one blow. The only thing consistent with Darth Vader in the original series was his intelligence, how good he was to almost everything he did, planning, fighting, or not. Only consistent on Anakin is perceived in the prequel trilogy is its consistent stance. She even lost her body because of one end of ass. <br /> <br /> What part of the Palpatine Emperor told him Sith's legend by the Emperor's point being a Sith? Acceptable! <br /> The battle scene uses too much digital duality. All of the flying all over the place like Teddy bears in a doll house believe. County Dooku, Emperor Palpatine, Anakin, Obi-Wan, almost every fighter had a double digital tire jumping around. In one specific battle scene, Obi-Wan and Anakin in the climate battle, they both actually stop in the middle of paries and ripostes, to twirl the sabers a few times while inches apart. I realized the choreographers fights, but that just got me shaking myself in disbelief and disgust. The report was terrible. All the dialogue was very good. The good actors like Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman did the best they could with their line, but that's just not enough. I can not say enough bad things about this movie. Too many special effects, drawn traces larger than the center of the universe, and absolutely no insights into any of the characters. This is the biggest mistake in this movie: there is nothing new to offer. We know the rough picture of everything, all of Lucas had to color it in. We knew Anakin lost its branches. We knew Luke and Leah were brothers and sisters, we knew Luke was the son of Anakin, we knew Obi-Wan and Yoda went to exile, we knew everything. There is nothing new to this movie. If this all the fans wanted, then this fine, Lucas could not have gone wrong. But when Anakin finally gets Darth Vader, and asks after Padme, and hears she's dying, she reaches out her arms awkwardly and screams "Nooooooooooooooooooooo." This scene was called B-movie all the way, and I was half waiting Darth Vader to go "Danger Will Robinson, Danger" at any time. That is what. A b-movie, disguised by a great budget and an ultra-loyalist fan base that will be resolved with anything now that the first two cinemas pulled the standards down to the earth's hole.
