At one point, Violet (Lucy Liu) says Neil (Cillian Murphy) why she's still looking for an adventure. He said "because I'm done phobic". This means that he can not really get on with his life by performing some binding activities. Well, I think her purpose and this way movie goes is very ironic. Because "look at the detectives" is an encouraging boredom. <br /> Are there any of these characters actually doing something interesting for once? Neil is a geek that runs its own small video rental shop. He and his friends friends usually hang out around the store and watch movies together while debating them later. But Neil's life is completely turned around when Violet walks in his shop. She is a unique woman who hides a secret from her. Anyway, after some date, they decided to see each other. The problem is Violet is a person who keeps joking about Neil and can not really do something normal, whereas Neil is completely opposed to it. The question is. Will they love in the end? You bet. <br /> <br /> "Watch the detective" is a romantic-comedy clone in its core. And they made it even worse by pretending to be something else. From the first couple of set-ups, we know that Neil is pretty put-back guy who did not really commit to anything. Then Violet enters the scene, looking all unusual and annoying. So at this point, we all know that we'll sit down though all the nonsense find out how they will end up in the end. Is it worth waiting for? I would say no. <br /> As I said, they tried to give something more to the audience. "Watching their detective" tries to talk about commitment. They observe how far they go to happen for something they want. We knew in the end that the crazy things that Violet did is the whole test how far Neil is ready to go to win her heart (or whatever). Well, I think it is completely tactical. This movie will end very quickly if Neil just says to herself "Forget it, that girl is one of a Nutjob!" After the collaboration with many great directors recently (Danny Boyle's Sunshine and 28 Days later, Ken Loach in the "windy barley" and Neil Jordan's "Breakfast Pluto" in the name of a few) It is very darling choice for Cillian Murphy to make a movie with one of Broken Lizard's comedy troops, Paul Soter. By all means, It's not bad (as usual), but as a talented actor like him should not waste his time in the movie like this. On the other hand, Lucy Liu is dreadfully terrible like Violet. Acting it is a mess. I mean it's all over the place and over-the-top. Tony Montana would be proud. <br /> <br /> Last but not least the movie made is a completely irrelevant title. You simply can not really connect a dot between the plot and its titles; and then you'll end up thinking that it makes no sense at all. In short, "look at the detectives" is nice if moving pictures are forgettable so you might have a chance to catch it on the TV cable so quick that you could not imagine. <br /> <br /> BloodyMonday Rating: 1.5 / 4
