WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want a few points to reveal before you watch the movie. <br /> With a cast like this, you wonder whether the actors and actresses knew exactly what they had entered. Did they see the script and say, "Hey, Close Encounters of the third kind was such a hit that this one could not fail." Unfortunately, it does. Did they even think about checking the director's eligibility? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of a movie called "The Cheerleader of Satan?" Greydon Clark, who would later go to the direct sadness of the 'final justice,' did. It makes you wonder how people in Mystery Science Theater 3000 can hammer 'Final Justice' and completely miss out of the "Return." The movie is set in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and girl on the street without supervision a night when a powerful flashlight beam.er.a appears and plans on them. In probably the worst effects of special sequences in the movie, the boat spews some types of red dye on them. It looked like Clark was holding a beaker in the water from the camera lens and dipping it more conveniently into it, so right away you are treated with cheese. Anyway, the boat leaves and adults do not believe their kids. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I get to be a terrific actor (see his scene of 'Ghost' for evidence, as they are exceptional), who is playing a prospector, or as I called him, , The Miner of 1949. He steps out of the cave he's in, and he and his dog are framed by the boat. Twenty-five years gone by, and the girl grew up to be Cybill Shepherd, who worked with her father, Raymond Burr, to study strange weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd spotted some strange phenomena in satellite pictures on New Mexico City, and she traveled to find her. Once he gets there, local ranchers are bothering him, and he blames him for the latest killings of the cows that happened, and John-Michael Vincent's deputy comes to his rescue. From this point, the film really shoots as the two quickly fall for each other, especially after Vincent wards of the locals and inform Shepherd that he was the little boy who saw the boat and twenty-five years it is earlier. While this boring mess happens, Vincent Schiavelli, and his bloodthirsty dog ​​at his side, walking around killing animals and anyone he runs into with an unusual item. Do you know these plastic glowing plastic shops selling for trick-or-treat in Halloween, the type that you shake to make them glow? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those light rods to burn incisions in humans. It is the second worst effect of the movie. Each time Schiavelli is on the screen with the glowing stick, the scene's atmosphere suddenly gets dark, as the filmmakers think the wood lumens need this improvement. It ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is. <br /> And what is all this up to? It's hard to say when last, confused scenes happen. See, Burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as some kind of 'calling card,' but none of it makes sense. Why Shepherd and Vincent Age and Schiavelli do not? Schiavelli explains why she is killing animals and people and why she wants Shepherd to die, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does he not kill John-Michael Vincent? After all, he had twenty-five years to do it. And the aliens will not need him if Shepherd is dead anyways, so why try to kill him? Speaking of the aliens, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What are the goals? Why wait long to intervene? How could Shepherd be sure? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made the 'Return' any more pleasant. You would still have bad lines, really bad acting, particularly by Shepherd, cheesy effects, and poor direction. Luckily, stars escape from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon went to the Moonlighting star and Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent went on to be featured in dozens of B movies, often in the sub-top part. Raymond Burr has made a pile of Perry Mason TV movies until he dies. Vincent Schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of films. Martin Landau, who played a kooky police officer, quickly made the terrific 'alone in the dark' and the terrible `being 'before rolling into the movies he was famous for lately. You can bet any of these stars ever want their career to return to the "Return." Zantara of note: 2 out of 10.
