Kubrick meets the king. He sounded so promising back in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the movie came out, and the Kubrick cultures were tinkering with the royal kings ever since. The King Artists say Stanley Kubrick took a great horror story and ruined it. Kubrick's cultures do not give a damn on the king's story. They talk about Steadicams, tracking shots, camera angles. This is a movie they insist: It should be considered on its own. As things happen, both camps are correct. Unfortunately. <br /> <br /> If one opinion it purely as an adaptation of the royal novel, the "shining" is indeed a failure, a wasting opportunity, a series of botched gambit narrative. <br /> I used to blame that on the Kubrick's scenario. Diane Johnson writer (author of Marriage, Affair, Divorce, etc.) has a reputation as a novelist in social behavior. Perhaps it was chosen for his subtle hand in the family's conjugal or dynamic relationships. But the blue-collar town of Sidewinder, Colorado does not exist on any map of its Francophile universe. <br /> <br /> The Kubrick Anglophile probably finds her sparkling, however. It, of course, is the real author. And considering on its own basis, its cinema for the "shining" - and its mishmash in normal psychology, rationalism, supernaturalism, and unknown reincarnation - just does not stand up to logical analysis. I want to consider Kubrick in "shining" on his own terms. I even want to take it as something other than a conventional film-genre movie. But it does not succeed as a naturalist study of insulation, alienation, and madness. Parsed either way, the movie pretty much fell apart. <br /> <br /> Are the horrors of the hotel negligence? Or do they exist only in the spirit - first as president presidents suffered by Danny Torrance, then as the hallucinations of his father? A note that every time Jack Torrance sees talking to a "ghost" he is in fact looking in a mirror. One of the frills that frozen the frozen high-speed hotel has symbolized Jack's stinging, complicated psyche. Very deep stuff. <br /> But whether the "Ghosts" Overlook are purely manifestations of Jack Torrance's merger growing, then who exactly allows the Jack to block from the dead-dumpling hotel kitchens in closet , so that he can go on his climactic ax-touch rampage? <br /> And maybe ANYONE explains, with a straight face, black-and-white photo (Hopefully labeled "1921") in Nicholson as a tuxedoed -goer party that pops up from the left and a wall of hotel -bal during the film's closing phase? Are we seriously convinced that Jack Torrance's bad childhood comes from a few sort of past "experience"? (But if you swallow that, since they reincarnate people should be accurate physical headaches over the past?) Perhaps Kubrick did not care about his storyline. Perhaps only wanted to evoke an attitude of horror. Whatever the case, the movie tries to huddle its narrative bet - they have it both ways, rational and supernatural. As a result, the story is a mess. This film does not improve with age, and it certainly does not improve and repeatedly look. <br /> I do not refuse that a moment of fear, claustrophobia, and general crises are scattered throughout this long, long film. But those who rush the elevator, see again in Danny's tiny vision, are absurd and ridiculous. And Jack Torrance's sadness line ("Wendy, my house!" And "JOHNNY HEEEEEER'S!") Simply peg the dramatic film tension and divide its narrow energy. (I know: I was sitting in the theater and I heard people laughing at comic relief: "Whew! Glad we do not have to take this seriously!") Finally, Kubrick is completely in the sea - or else cynically - During these scenes Wendy wanders around the empty hotel while her husband tries to pure son. A full host of mummified guests, all sitting there dead in party hats? Yikes, now I'm really scared .. <br /> <br /> Given Jack Nicholson's brightness over the years, one can only assume that he gives just the eyeball-rolling sort, eyebrow-wiggling, landscape-chomping performance that the director wanted. The performance of Shelley Duvall, as a sort of female version of Don Knotts in the "Ghost and Mr. Chicken", is best spent on silence. <br /> <br /> This movie simply does not succeed - not as an adaptation, not on its own theme. It's probably worth a 3 out of 10, but I'm giving it a 1 because it's so fascinating on-rated in this forum.
