When Rodney Dangerfield is on a roll, it is hilarious. At 5 My wife, she's not on a roll. The time of the one-material is off, but they're the best thing to go for the movie. The five women who play their wives do not add up to a whole actress between them. The plot is very weak. Even the quotes are very weak; There are a few jokes about having multiple wives, but the situation has little to do with anything else in the movie. Most of the movie could play the same though Rodney's character had only one wife, so the site looks more like an old fantasy than an important part of the comedy. Another old fantasy: we're supposed to accept that Rodney's character is an athletic skier. <br /> <br /> Jerry Stiller seems to be phoning in his role just to make a friend a favor, and the rest of the actor's name must simply be desperate to work. <br /> <br /> The odd nods of political equality later in the movie do not really do anything to the movie. For those who love the politically incorrect movies, the humorous non-PC is still in the first place, and the apologies they seem to still not get the point. For those who hate to see a cave in correct policy, PC add-ins are just annoying digressions. This has to be the least-rated R-rated movie I've ever seen. There are some racial jokes, and the room scenes would have been shocking television 40 years ago, but that's about it. Perhaps it was the topless boys (kidding). The DVD features interviews where the cast members seem to find the depth and importance of this movie and their role. I asked if they were serious or kidding. They seem to be serious, but I kept thinking, "They must be kidding!" There is also a specifics that suggests that since the film never actually mentions the Mormons or the Church of Latter-day Saints, somehow it's not about them. Never forget that the film features a polygamal religion in Utah, and references to Brigham Young. In short, my 5 wife was a disappointment. I was hoping for Rodney on a roll, but the best I can say for the film is that Rodney was looking very good for a guy who pushed 80 at the time.
