I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; Many of her jealous and tricky flickers are amongst my favorites at all, but this is made for TV movie is very sub par and not what I have come to expect from the Italian director. The film is neither exciting, as some of Fulgu's most jealous Fully, or gory as the majority of his classic cult; so let it miss in both major areas, and finally ensure that the movie is not very good. The movie works in a draw that has been used many times already, but still it's an idea that always has the chance to spring an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, which is the ultimate gender. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who does not exactly well liked and after dying in a stomach of apparent stomach, there are not many sad ones to see him go. This means that his ghost is blocked somewhere between life and the afterlife, and so he decided to try and get to the bottom of his death, and his only allies in this effort are his daughter. that I saw this movie about pride proclaim that the film is "in the style of HP Lovecraft", and that is one of the most blatant attempts to sell a movie I've ever seen. There is nothing even a little reminiscent of the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan would appear to be because of the similarity of Tit Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft movie, 'from Beyond' - is a much better. The film benefits from a different Italian style, and the score is rather good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci saw the fit positively brushing each scene into it - and so the term quickly gets annoying. The plot plays out in a really boring manner, and most of the scenes simply involve ghosts of 'desperately' trying to get things out, or the daughter puts suspicion on her family members. This film was made for Italian TV, and so it's not surprising that it's all rather tame. There's a little bit of Gore and a nightmare sequence with zombies; but this is not the Fulci we all know and love. In general, this movie is very mediocre and it is not a good representation of Fulci's talent. Not worth worrying with, unless you are a complete Fulci.
