Grand Central Murder (1942): S. Sylvan Simon <br /> <br /> Production: MGM <br /> <br /> This mediocre 'Mystery B' was one of only five films published in 1942 with Simon as director. Surely she could fit another Red Skelton movie or two on her schedule! Anyway, Grand Central Murder is a cinematic rip-off of the Thin Man films less understanding, charm, and chemistry in driving. We treat in a thin striped paper that can barely support its 73 minutes, badly acting and weary waves. Van Heflin and Virginia Gray play Nick and Nora Char, er, Rocky and Butch Custer. She is a PI and she is his wife and partner sleuthing. They are engaged in humorous pleas to each other. Look? It's completely different already. Heflin is the only one here that suggests the biggest and best thing, although it is real close to being a jerk in this. Virginia Gray was in another thin person, but again, let me stress, this movie has no such one, no guys. And just in case we start to think that this film is absolutely nothing like another movie (say, the gentleman) we actually love, Sam Levene pops up as the lead detective in the kind of tithing and he has subtly headed him Heflin 'toward all the important leads. Hmmm. Quickly, the 'murder' is that of bitchy schemer Mida King, who likes to trade up on rich until he finds an even richer one. He was played by Patricia Dane, who is in such a C-version of Hedy Lamarr, until he opens his mouth and turns into a F. There is a whole array of wacky suspicions, all with their own motives for wanting Mida to die. There are sorts of societies, the drugs are talking, the Thug, the former lover, and an impressive shadowed theater (Tom Conway, here's the seal and the name of the character Frankie Ciro). Roman Bohnen plays a nervous, kind of jittery, something I believe he could do before. Millard Mitchell plays a soldier jolt who, in a gang running that will not leave, can not stop thinking about pieces of donkeys he woke up waiting for him once this case gets wrapped up (that's right, Millard Mitchell , epe). Ultimately, in a completely crushed story of storytelling, something we have never seen before, all suspects seem to be in one place where they tell their stories (like flashback) in the detective, as Rocky takes mental notes, until finally guilty people are required to dramatically blurt out a confession. <br /> <br /> On top of the current photo being a Dude, I naively thought to go in that there might be a couple of where vaccines in the current 1942-era Grand Central, but alas, no. There is simply one short shot at the start. Thanks for anything, Grand Central Murder. So, to sum up, a little formula, but Heflin was okay. <br /> <br /> * ½ out of 4
