Now I am a guy in the movie B genre, but this piece of trash insults me at no end. First of all the movie starts Lizzy McGuire's freeze as the annoying little kid goes looking for losing her 3 legged dog. Now, please, what kind of mute mistake mistakes a three-legged dog for a damn mere crocodile mutation please I ask you? And heres another point to meditate, why is Dinocroc's show on the back of the movie box being enormous and actually in the water? I believe if memory serves the thing over 2.6 minutes in the water and it was just shy of 6 feet high, which was a heart breaker. But the kind of loyalty of this movie was that it was so bad that I almost died laughing because I believed that my deeds made me want to die. But the fact remains that once again this thing is created by another military test site in super crocodile tracks for military combat or something like that from the source of all malicious E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters left to see we have jerk off # 1 as the male lead and half decent chick style (who does not know how to act) as the female lead and what I say WOW! The only thing worse then the act was the end of the heroes to pass on what seems like 2 hours talking and planning some elaborate long way to kill the dinocroc only in winning it to weaken and kill it in an ordinary way which could take about 15 seconds to come. All of this movie was beyond gay and random music music in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all CGI monsters ever made along with the fact it's course was waterproof bullets and bombs (otherwise it would not have been done for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother ran into the hut and the dinocrocus ate him causing himself to pop his own off with a popping noise I could add. I believe you would better shoot yourself between the eyes then they look Dinocroc. And as for the director I believe that we should get a bunch of hanging him by a noose and all take turns kicking him in the side to wasting an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can go on living.
