"Plan B" is strictly by-number-prices except for one thing. I'm surprised to find it to be rather insulting. <br /> <br /> Jon crying is the "star" of this film and its usual play, smarmy, egotistical, character that was actually endearing in the "Pretty Pink" and has NOT been fun ever since. Grating does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, difficulty actor (gasp!) Only worry about her hair and getting put. Talk about an action character ... ugh. At least three other characters are somewhat engaged. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a bold, optimistic, caring couple struggling to become pregnant. Since they are not queens queens queens, however, roles are apparently boring and they do not provide enough time screen. Sara Mornell rounds out the cast by playing Gina, the usual beautiful and good-looking young woman who just can not seem to find the right partner in love. I've seen this character one million times before but at least some of the performance he overcomes some of the deficits caused by predictability in his situation. <br /> <br /> What made me on this movie was promoting her youthfulness of stereotypes. They presented a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he spoke. It was described as being wild, ignorant and amazingly deep. They just got warm up even though for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decided to be gay for a while since she has no luck with guys. Honestly. That was not bad unless they really went further when Gina was carrying a lesbian at a party his friends friends were sent. Her lesbian date she had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians do). He was also very angry (like I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the nerve put on lipstick (!). Finally, dating to the party hit on just about every woman there and the mouth when Gina expressed her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people can not be loyal for many as a couple of hours much less months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement.) This movie was based on a tired and predictable site to begin with the unreliable performance of the combine with the stereotyped liquid films in the lower depths of cinema. 2/10
