Imagine that in adapting a James Bond novel to a movie, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense in order to make it kid-friendly. Or if a TV producer told Chris Rock he could not be chic so that his specialty can be rated PG. Likewise, the director of film "Something wicked this path comes" takes the excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for smaller audiences. This created a monotone plot without the hassle of the book. In attempting to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for kids to follow, the filmmakers eliminate the theme of good and evil both existing in everyone, and good always prevail over evil . This is apparent from Will's character transformation, Charles Halloway's relief to Jim, and the carnival's defeat. <br /> <br /> The transformation of a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie. The scene in which the Dust Witch visits Will's home in a balloon was cut out of the movie. Instead, a green green of this Jim and Will home and give them the same bad dreams about the witch and spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will started to conquer his fright in doing things on its own. He gets on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow, beat the Witch. "Sorry, Daddy, she thought, she woke up, smiled .. That's me I'm alone," she decides as she prepares to face her (147.) Remove this scene from the movie to prevent We understand that is becoming more adventurous. The movie shows us many examples of being scared to follow Jim, but will never grow curious as his friends. In the book, there is both a good, quiet side and an "evil," nana nana like Jim. In the movie, every boy has only one mode of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's terms of both good and evil are present in each person. <br /> In the book, Is Jim saved because of their friendship, but in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim resting on Jim's father. Will pull Jim in the ranch of Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. He is the good at Will, the fact that he cares about his friends, who saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the rails, Jim "handles his other hand free of trail on the wind, one part of it, small, white, the separate part that always remembered their friendship" (269). This shows that there was good leaving inside Jim, whose potential is always to defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim from the movie, he repays the debt he owes Jim's father, who rescues Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers have lost Bradbury's original idea that it takes good to win against evil. <br /> At the end of the film, the carnival is beaten by a tornado and lightning instead of smiling and laughing. When the book ends, black man turned to a little boy and Charles smiled Halloway and laughed at him so much that he could not stand him and evaporate. In Bradbury's world, people are eaten in fear and can only be beaten by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed outside. "The good thing looks wrong," says Charles Halloway as he holds the dead man black. "So I'll do just right for you, I'll just keep you and watch your poison yourself" (275.) In the movie, Black Men is the only one left on the carousel when lightning hits it, and he died. By eliminating the gun in laughter and smiles, the filmmakers mean that weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning only hit those bad people. This takes the bigger theme of Bradbury's book, which is making "good" toward other evil parishes. <br /> <br /> Well can always triumph over evil, but trying to make more kid-friendly movies are still force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on. In the movie, "That wicked thing this way comes," Do not transform, the friend does not save Jim, and smiles and laughs by the carnival's defeat. As a result, filmmakers left too much of Bradbury's main point. The process of adapting a book to a movie too often breaks the world the author has established. In this case, the fearful world of Bradbury in opposing forces of good and evil was reduced to a rider, the simpler version itself.
