Before I start, you need to know that I'm a big fan of Sonny Chiba's movie. His biographical series in his master's life, Mas Oyama, was amazing and among the best martial arts films ever made, as were most of his Street Fighter films. The action was practically non-stop and possible Bruce Lee (depending on who you requested), was the greatest medical martial practice on film during the 1970s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of their films and recently bought some more (which I am in the process of watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love of these films, I'm not a self-numbed zombie who worships the man in such a degree that I rate every movie a 10. There is a few comments like this The here on IMDb and I really think anyone who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored because this is like a bad movie in a technical standpoint and does not even close to Chiba's best work. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement on Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this film is awful. Some of this was the result I saw American dubbed the version, with its irrelevant prologue and bad doubling. But most of the problem would still exist and print the original Japanese. The camera-work is simply atrophy - as it was done by chimpanzees (smart chinps, but always chimps however). Often, many of the martial arts action is missing because the camera is so slow or the top of the actors are off low due to the pain in the production. And, again and again, the boiler cameras in and out like it's a new game being used by someone to sort more the correction is beyond miserable - and the cuts are made azary and confusing. <br /> I do not know if the music score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. Types of such as rock acids in the 1970 mixed mix with Ennio Morricone in "Spaghetti Western" music - it was annoying, blurred and just plain funny. <br /> <br /> As for the martial arts action, I think chimpanzees have made choreography something to improve a bit. Instead of the big battle scene you would look forward to in a Chiba movie, the fights are too short and often missed by the camera !! So what you are leaving with is the story ... and this can just be the worst part of the movie! It is supposed to be an anti-drug film that begins Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! But when the movie started, she promised to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But the Mafia (completed and not one member of the Italian, but all of the Japanese) promised to stop Chiba. And when a woman comes to Chiba with the promise to give her information about how to destroy the drug, she agrees to help her and risk her life with no conditions - even if she's never outright about telling her what she is know! In fact, later it turns out she is just trying to use Chiba to protect her while she herself sells a big briefcase full of cocaine - and she continues to try to protect her !! This makes no sense at all and in all of the film it looks like if they just shoot the movie without a script - as when they went into the bar and home and Chiba walked on as if he was drinking. > <br /> So if he was wrong, why still he deserves a 3? Well, first, there are many more maritime film films (like many of those from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one and men dressed in costume gorilla to make kung fu and their handlers with 3 feet long They used to fight (now that bad). Secondly, while the action is very bad compared with other movies Sonny Chiba, compared to its contemporaries, it's not that bad. Still, you could easily do a lot better than this movie is little. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you are wondering if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it certainly is not! In one of his debut films, the invasion of the Neptune men, Chiba plays a leotard-set super-hero who fights the pointy-led invaders from Neptune's planet. It's so bad that it rivals PLAN 9 in your space and saved HITLER's brain for terrible. A Final Parent Note - Like most of the movie Sonny Chiba, this one is very violent and has its part in boobies. Do not let the kids look this way no matter how much to beg! Make them wait until they are older before you let them watch normal movie-rated martial arts movie!
