The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you're a fan of Sonny Chiba, this film gives you lots of it. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba pose; Chiba sneers; Chiba glares in the camera; Chiba punches and kicks sushi alive from a bunch of guys to bad guys; Chiba sits around lying with chairs and looks thoughtful / pensive; Chiba drives his car ... I love Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a fan of Chiba, this movie can have a little too much Sonny Chiba. It's obviously something in a car worth anything for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" he played a ruthless, anti-heroic and he shared the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and enemies. Here, he's front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee roll into one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not pull this cut for the length of a movie feature all, and Sonny just kindly wears out her welcome. At least he could change from his trial once in a while. The movie is further messed up by an entirely free and seriously introduce sequence (apparently embraced on the front of the movie for American version) and a hurry to jump "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba! !) That starts things off the wrong foot. There are some of the finest and inappropriate definitions - Sonny (or his usual usual English) apparently will not be able to make the songs for the American version, to receive some poor drugs with a totally different and smoother voice and dialect that is Well joking comes out of the face we all know and love in "Street Fighter". <br /> Even with all these flaws and the overexpos, this can still be a classic minor, but the camera work and the battle scene are hopelessly cheesy. I want to believe that Karate is currently working as an astonishing person as Chiba's character is supposed to do it, but the director and cameraman hedge bets are not chopping and correcting battle scenes with a wecker whacker so you can not really see what's going on most of the time. It's not all bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there's at least one memorable time and nightmare when the bad guys appear in the client's room in a really inventive way. <br /> And as for the current scheme ... forget it. For a "bodyguard," Chiba's character is something of a fool. The scripts depend on making mistakes and supervision that repeatedly set it (with his "client") in dangerous situations so he can fight his way out of them, and after 30 minutes he tensioned even the most discreet judgment to think This guy is supposed to be any good. (Also, if her character really came out to destroy the Japanese drug trade, she would have taken her clients by her neck 10 minutes into the scenario and shake her until her teeth chattered like a castanet until she sank little secret ... and a whole lot of useless deaths and conflicts would be avoided.) <br /> Still, as a whole movie this is a long way to the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's always fun to look. I paid a buck to get this on the bargain rack DVD to a local mega mart, and I feel it was worth watching once.
