This is unlikely one of the worst films of martial arts I have ever seen, and that says something. The song in viva Chiba, viva Chiba heard of the title, soon you will chanting yourself stupid, stupid. The core story is that the mafia is running drugs in Japan with one vowel people to stop them, of course, our Sonny Chiba. The Karat Master offers her services to anyone who can provide information about drug control. A woman comes forward and becomes the bodyguard, but what are her intentions to her? Let me say at this point of concern? Soon we are treated or tortured by a series of bad chore battles and a lame scenario that gets more and more ridiculous at every moment. Sonny eventually wipes out the bad guys and his karate skills, at the end of history. Oh yes the woman was corrupt. Congratulations you can just watch the funniest movie ever. <br /> <br /> As stated previously this is one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen. What makes it semi watchable is to see how badly made a movie movie. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro set in the movie. This is probably the most fun part of the movie and it's beyond funny. I would agree he's worth watching just to see how the lute karate 70 scene was at the moment. Looks like Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging by his black then flying a fat student (bad correction) punching him in the throat. But everything is seriously done in this movie. Terrible incredible battle, my fake mean fake blood, bad acting, doubling, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. Does anyone have a drug problem all in one country? I bet. Fighting after fighting is mockable. This was the 70 when people still believe karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba brought it to new levels and some of the nonsense put out of this movie. Let's see it kicks off a gun in half, kicks a guy so hard that his pain falls out and of course chews the bottle scene, giving me a break. Not to mention the fact that it's very hard to tell what's going on in the battles because it's so badly filmed. A fun part was when she broke the arm of the door to give her a fractured fracture. OK. As the action goes on we are treated in blood gobs, really bloody blood. Too hard to say it seemed poorly did is undoubtedly. The act is totally non-existent in this film. I do not expect much of a movie in this gauge anyway as long as the action is good, but it was not with as expected the very poor dubbing. Was it my imagination or do they dub the Asian go go dancer with a black accent? As expected from a 70's wardrobe you will be laughing at some of the trends and embarrassing women wear out for the freeware stripping that comes with these cops. Also why would the mafia be so obvious and everywhere wearing black slippers and hats all the time? Do not try and hide it right now. The characters were stupid as well. The club's owner was the person who covered out of a Japanese pimp suit and the other with a tumbler head taste like hippie fat. Also, the last thing that bothered me throughout the film was the awful music and some whaling women. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a terrible movie by both martial arts standards and films doing good. That does not mean that it's not fun. With a movie that made that bad it is hard not to laugh at most of this movie, if you can stomach it. This was an old favorite favorite with my best friend. If it was purely bad I would give a star, but the laughs he delivered uphill. 4 out of 10.
