Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show including 2 15 minute episodes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional, cartoonish Washington D.C., with centers around the satirical representations, infantry of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way, and act as minor characters. The Little Bush pilot, many of the commentators' expectations, proved to be a rather deep and esoteric production, which barely delivers on his promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. While one must admit that citing of the show does have some merit, though it would be hard to imagine a almost entirely show-out show of denigration of one political character would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term expired office, execution which can only be described as sloppy at best, and downright terrible at worst, it has been marking what little potential show was. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire", tends to respect its current use of particular tools of comedy in order to sheep its goals in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, fun, or funny way). The still weakest word often consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere nauseam and putting them all in one 30 minute block of TV. As such, most of the jokes presented by the writers were cynical, some of which were in public circulation for more than 6 years already. Comparing Vice President Darth Vader, for example, could be funny in the first 300 times one has heard him on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno Monologue / Any late-night- speak-show anyone, but it's not funny here. As if that was not enough, the show's scheme seems to exist simply as a means of advanced even the old, jittery writings that writers have made the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In defending the show, when writers are odiously writing in a truly original quiz (which seems to be a rarity) it is often a bit funny. If the show has expanded its depth somewhat, and puts its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than even the old mistakes and "quagmire" perpetuated by Bush's administration, therefore, there are no counties On the same old Bush joke over and over, the show might consider a bit tolerated, and possibly even innovative. <br /> <br /> Finally, it's difficult to assume that failure to cause the Lil Bush range most damage; its clear lack of originality and written writing quality, or its undue ambitions slowly narrow. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to hold a small base of left-wing fans, that is, if they can support exceptionally written to the poor; As long as the program continues the Bush administration lightening assets. Even so, most viewers will recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and vulgar attempt in satire, and melodies from research into something intellectually excited; The price is Right, maybe.
