Carnosaur 3 is bad ... awfully bad. Bad to point where it's funny. How much how much I try to persuade myself, I just can not believe anyone in this world could get this fun for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the lid is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. Those "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at the speed ... an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as much as he can. And the funny explosions (no other words to describe it). At the beginning, a bullet hit a jeep after a man said "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are also mockable. But the worst thing is the scenario with the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone rent this movie expects a good movie) but at least the story has to try to make sense. I mean, how difficult is it to make a story about murder dinosaur at least coherent. Extremely difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make it as credible as your character, tell it to terrible terrible writers, terrible. I mean, who sick people would make jokes cheap after one of his buddies died? And they do a lot of it. But if you think a movie about dinosaur kill soldiers can only be at least action-packed, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly dull. The carnosaurs (who invented this bang name anyway?) Assault (in the sequence of boring action where you do not see much passing). Soldiers think about how to beat them (in extremely funny scenes where they try real hard to be serious but can not seem to convince even just one second). So then they attacked the carnosaurs, but their ideas do not work (another traceable action sequence). Return to planning (with a joke blaming some of the cast) to another ridiculous scene. Then go on, and over, and over. And let's not forget the act that is about as compelling as the special effects ... and the story ... OK, this movie simply sucks from a Z.
