OK I had higher expectations for this Carnosaur film simply because it seemed like the sequels got the best as they came from. I did like Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I figured this one is the easiest for it to be better? Well ... I quickly learned I was wrong. I was very confused with the casting. Rick Dean has been back for another document character with Michael MacDonald as a police officer. Now for Rick Dean Lol, at Carnosaur 2 I thought he fit the role very well and was not really annoyed by him, now at Carnosaur 3 wow and set him as an elite soldier. Now we're getting jumps here. The movie actually started out pretty good and a decent gun battle with dinosaurs escaped from having little freezer, but as soon as Scott Valentines team showed we had a mix of a romantic comedy and very funny performance from dinosaur delayed with floppy. <br /> I'm going to start with the first raptors, having the queue dragged the ground, which in the second one was up in the air that seemed more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 miles per hour. When they were running their wiggled back and forth with themselves they did not move at all. but have been handed out all over the place and since they were very injected by the director to look stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> The T-Rex was very sad, would be best using one of the previous 2 movies. At least one look a bit scary. One of this movie looked like it smiled all the time. The feet when she walked was hilarious, as she was John Wayne in the past west all stiff-covered. LOL something else I noticed is that but they did not move, they were stuck next to her body to look and sound (God's sound effects were awful) delayed !!! Now, if I was the director and realized that I had this to work and maybe I might have tried a little more difficult to hide the fact of fakeness. As for the rest of the movie, well this was the sloppiest and loudest team I've ever seen. The weapons used would not make sense for the storyline. They even had a brain arm scene inside the storehouse where carnosaurs were roaming, now I was tickled at this stage because I thought that during this sort was going on which Dinos would get in there and cause some damage. Instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this movie as 3 stooges in dinosaur movies. You have been delaying the military, delaying dinosaurs, delaying scenarios and having a nice 83 minutes from the day you watch this. <br /> Now I do not say I would not look this bc actually i recommend that everyone watch this movie who wants 83 minutes of most entertainment. It may seem like I'm ranting but really I hyping this movie up to what it is. It's really a lot of fun to watch because while watching what you think of yourself, "did the director really do this seriously?"
