I really failed to see the actual surplus value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no stripping sleepless or free (although there are many opportunities). There is no throat. There is no suspicion in the first hour of the movie 'cause to have in many stage scenes of tourists who have a party and native play funky tribal music. This part was actually funny on many occasions: You see these authentic hits of Congas and 'jembés' and that's really what you hear (badly synced) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bas-line on the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At an authentic point of view get angry and start killing tourists. Why all suddenly? It is supposed to be because these evil white people built this tourist complex, which according to the myths of the wrath of the River-Argument-God (I actually miss the explanation for that one). But the natives helped for several months to build the tourist complex, so why the sudden jealousy? And how in hell have managed to push the helicopter into the water ??? It's all funny and pointless. This film also features the Afro-American skinniest model I've ever seen. At one point our heroic couple visiting this cave where a strange, crazy old man lives. The only point in this scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the crusader-crocodile is actually a Cayman. Crocodile or Cayman, what is the difference? It's great, it's made from plastic and it's eating people. All the same for me. The Cayman is a rather funny creation. It is very stiff and motionless and does not even sabat its feet when it swims. Their eyes do not even move when they are shot at near-up. I guess they did not know 'animatronics' back then in Italy during 1979. There is also a lot of freeware interruptions cut off of the local wildlife. I suspect that its stock stock. Like, I said, the first hour was very lame and the only reason I did not change in the movie was because my cats were sleeping on my lap and I did not want to wake things the sweet. But the last half hour of the movie was getting better. We finally get to see some action when the swimmer allergic to a horde of those who panic breaks her teeth and munching on them. The most fun (and at the same time funny scene) is when Alice and Daniel drive a van on a bridge and collapses. We are looking for a matchbox-version of the wind to fall into the river here. Funny. But nicely shoot. In fact, there are several other nice traveling cam-moving. Surprisingly for this type of flick. I was going out some stupid details regarding the movie's end, but I did not want to rob it completely, in case you decided to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent align movie, then see Teague's ALLIGATOR Lewis. I admit, that one is not Italian and it's not a jaw-rip off, but it's certainly more fun. But if you're interested in other movies made by director Sergio Martino, then I recommend very fun in 2019: after falling into NEW YORK. That's one of the over-the-top rip-off of all possible existing post-apocalyptic-in-the-film-movie films. "Italian" and "rip-offs", two words that go along very well.
