The thing that stands out from my mind in this movie (Unfortunately) is the introduction, where John Berlin (Andy Garcia) is driving in the city. You see her Mercedes pass on a fluid road in a jungle that looks like it's loaded with Redwood trees. It's nice. <br /> <br /> As Andy Garcia plays a character with the name of Berlin, well ... Andy is just too Hispanic / Latin for it to be beams. Maybe a father of Caucasian married his Hispanic mother for this story? What knows. But I can tell you that when you put it in a city of folklore farms and hicks, it stands out like a thumb, especially with its accent that flares up when it gets mad. Yeah, I know, big deal right? It's still a good actor. <br /> <br /> The title concerns a serial killer that surnames Jennifer his victim. All victims are blind and unemployed. The assassin took a gulf but suddenly resurfaced when a blind witness (no wonder) appeared, Helena Robertson (Uma Thurman). Thurman does a great job in playing a blind man, my surprise. When I saw Lance Henriksen play Sister. Freddy Ross I got worried. Henriksen played in some very unusual films, especially at the end. I still can not forget him in the movie, Pumpkinhead. <br /> <br /> Berlin movie in a small town in L.A. as a detective. She starts investigating the murder kills Jennifer after getting the body parts of the local landfill. Bright to discover one of the blind victims seemed far-fetched. So did the ironic of * SPOILER * Freddy's murder, and the recording with similar names. I was very confused as the logic of how was to reach eight "Jennifers". And the motif of the assassin as simply bother did not pack a lot at a punch. In retrospect, this film is probably more true in life in showing an unsuspecting person as being able to kill simply because of being a little wacko over time or perhaps being born to lion toon. John Malkovich performs a stunning job in his interrogation at Garcia! Albeit no copy legally must be allowed to squeeze someone hard with the eggs on without right to get hit out. As they end up, it's a bit of a surprise, but is very discussed, much like Sgt. Ross' murder. The assassin chooses to walk after his run victim, choosing instead to frolick I guess. So there are many opportunities he has to kill him that he's ridiculous. I will not ruin the very end because despite it's shakiness, it's a good surprise. And then, you'll probably say, just as I did, "her boy was lucky!" 4/10
