Dennis Hopper is without a doubt one of the finest actors of American actors in our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play out his role as a cop on the case of a serial killer child. Most Hopper movies have always played in psychotic threats threatening to blow up things or go on a sleepless ear, but in this film, Hopper has tried best to keep intensity and emotion while carrying a shield. Once I entered the plot of the movie, I was hooked, but it's just the little things that eventually murdered the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the movie is great - not only are the cops on the move to catch the killer, but we get a chance to see how the gangsters operate in catching the killer. The place in the football stadium is a ridiculous, but necessary to involve the gangsters in hunting bloodthirsty. That's about all that good you can tell about the movie. Although Hopper has tried to act like a tough, experienced smart cop street, I can not help but feel the act has been downstage, and there was not enough condemnation that he really attached to the case. The directive was also terrible - he did not have the feeling of a true film, but rather a television-movie production. This is most evident when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite hunting team's killing down. When the gangster launched the wet gangster's gangster slowly, the act was weak, predictable and extremely unexciting. That's when I knew that 1st of all, the action will be doing atrocities. <br /> <br /> The catcher of the camera was amusement, and the recall scenes or haunted images of killer's little killer had no true different effects. If he was supposed to be afraid, he did not. Everyone was acting awful, and even for Hopper, I did not feel for his character, and I just did not really care too much about his relationship with his daughter. The final thing that bothers me the most is the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I thought, finally, something good. But I was wrong. 1st of all, the swat team all performed in 4 guys. That's just impossible. 2nd of all, apparently the swat team has no training regardless because many times in the movie they carry the submachine HKA4 weapons with one hand. The killer had been hidden near the stairs with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been bleating bits because they were not even aiming at anything or paid close attention. They should have both hands on the gun aiming forward, but it just seems that they are not taking the job seriously and just flaunting around. Third, SWAT team members do not call commands such as "Keeping your eyes open, looking for ourselves, good to go ... etc." In fact, they use their hand signals or have radio. But they're literally calling to each other - how do you suppose to catch the killer when it's heard you're coming ??? And by itself all off, these guys have no plans - apparently they're just running up and down going on a chasing wild turkey. Eventually they finish doing nothing. That was the last straw. I have no expert on special strength, but basically what I just described, is very common sense. When the audience knows the movie is terrible, the very beautiful action gets life-saving in the movie - when you can not even make an effort to do the big action, the movie is lost. <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not bother with this one. There are many crimes in the movie - but it has lack of thrill.
