Antitrust falls right in this category of films that like to make some big points while being reloaded again fell completely flat. I do not hate the movie, but it misses key elements, such as suspense. There have been other attempts to make a movie engaged on computers, such as Hackers and Net. They all fall short. The improbable trial of both the Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. The movie films suffer from one big mistake of perception: People in the PC business that have this self-indulgent self-esteem that assumes that its overall life population lives waiting to hear updates on PCs and software. I worked for many companies and industries, and they all seemed to suffer from an enlarged view of their own self-importance, as this movie. <br /> <br /> The way to introduce drawn lines was pathetic. Showing Milo, who is allergic to the death of Sesame seeds, nearly ingest one of a restaurant breadbasket crossed the line of stupidity. Only his 'girlfriend' prevents him from certain deaths. This one solicited how Milo could survive as long as he did, braving the dangers of Big Mac Bread and Sesame penis pills, as they dress themselves as well .... Sesame Toast and Big Mac Breads. <br /> Antitrust also does not give much suspense. Torsion patterned and predictable patterns are easily calculated long before revealing (come on, was anyone really stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any real value trauma. And here again we have yet another movie / story where in the end, the bad guys are chasing the good guys in 'finding the disc'. We need to have a moratorium on this simple simple Simon line for about 20 years. Still, I pressed on. Perhaps the finish should be the settlement, but no. Completely ridiculous where we have the head of security company, another evil guy guy, revolves around and be the good guy that allows Milo to bring down N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston has been mocking. And of course, the news coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston has been more elusive than when Hinckley or Oswald was brought into custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a clipboard cutout in the same Robbins same played in Arlington Road. But that fits perfectly here in Antitrust, which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this film will likely be captured, to be shown only on your premises at the third UHF channel rate.
