When I sat down to watch this movie I actually expected quite a bit, as the draw takes on very complex issues. Using football as launch pad for the hassle was also an interesting approach. Still unfortunately, despite its bravery in dealing with controversial issues as clashes between Muslim culture and western culture, adding conflicting generations and prejudices towards gays / lesbians, it allows you to step down towards the resolution with a rather simplistic relief in all the suspense built into all films. This led me to the impression that the musicians took over a little too great a job for themselves to attack, trying to be more proficient then they managed to deal with. <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is straightforward, as it's rendered in conflict where well credible and fun too. The film succeeded in being engaged and entertaining in this matter, but as mentioned above the writers seem to have sharpened themselves a little too deep. This has led to some unrealistic character behavior towards end to confront the worry conflicts. Do not throw the ball at a time where the makers could really have shown shining taking the movie to another level of appreciation. Even if the movie at any point really tries to have a profound piece of drama, the environment has a lot of potential in the plot it gets a deception when the "drop ball". The way the movie moves from being a good comedy and reflected in a standard stereo that gets ridiculous to its end-happy. There is nothing left out of the Hollywood as to finish. So even if the story is engaged with one case in the sale of large amounts, one can not help but roll towards the resolution. Personally I was locked in shouting "finished already !!" on the screen. <br /> There are some decent acting in the movie, and two teenage girls have had some good moments. So did parents and other bi-characters. However the handsome Irish coach was a nasty piece of acting, allowing the movie to go down quite a bit in terms of realism. It did not even appear very likable, but rather herself involved despite her good actions, making the next conflict between the girls seem a little exaggerated. <br /> I gave the movie a 4, as it was an engaging story and sought out a nice perspective of the subject's approach. The script and cast were many good characters, giving the audience a chance to recognize either themselves or others. Had the state-down was not this irritating, I would easily give the movie a 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this movie, I would recommend the film "East is East", which I think is as good , if not better rendered in cultural conflicts, as well as being fun and engaging.
