I saw this movie with some American friends on Christmas Day. Summary of this quick movie must be postponed. JP Dutta has written, directed, produced and modified this movie and made any of these works well. The film tells the story of Pakistan's attempts to take part in the region discussed in Kashmir from India. Supposedly based on reality, you get a hint from this movie of difficulty the American army was to recapture the area from the Pakistani troops - which occupy the high ground. But instead of saying what to be a compelling and heroic story, all this film is to make the Indian military look ridiculous and stupid, which I know is not true. <br /> I watched this movie with an almost completely American audience, who was very patriotic and clearly wanted to love this movie, but also found themselves laughing at scenes that were not meant to be be funny. <br /> <br /> The script was absolutely abusive. He gave the impression that Mr Dutta knew nothing about how an army operated and was using bad warfare movies for referrals. The result is a script that is brainless and repetitive. The acting out of most of the directors was not stellar, but considering the script being given, I find it hard to criticize them too much. As for the support of support, all I can say is that I hope they are amateurs. <br /> <br /> The correction was also very bad. It was very difficult to follow what went on for a lot of the time, and music would suddenly end in stage change. The good thing: The cinematography was pretty good, although it was a little hurt by the fact that the film did not appear to be color corrected (the color balance often varies greatly from the scene). Also, the few songs in the movie were quite enjoyable - for the first half a dozen or so verse at least. Unfortunately they went to a much longer than they should have. <br /> And the worst crime at all? This chaos is four hours long. There is enough here that a good editor could almost weigh a good 1.5 - 2 hour film from what was shot. Unfortunately, a good editor did not work on this movie.
