I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before its release, and MAN, he looked awesome, Especially how this movie was based on a real-life phenomenon. I was extremely interested, and thought that this could finally be a decent horror movie movie after years if crap. Well you know how film trailer makes a movie look better than it is: maybe not show all of the creepy parties or by overdramaticizing certain elements. Claims for the movie have made both, which leads to my final disappointment. No means is this "most disturbing film of year". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing film of release this week. This movie takes everything "based on reality" thing so far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete crap. I must admit, it was my interest and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man searching for answers by means of Supernatural. Other than that, though, this movie is one big cliche. After John's wife died, she learns about EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead to electronic devices every day. It all suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife came to him, and others are dead. Gee, imagine that. A movie about helping people die. Come, give me a rest! The clichés do not stop there. There are also mandatory clock-ups-to-the-exact-time-every-night trick and three demons that threaten our hero. Not only was the movie click, he was not writing. The film literally had two jump scenes, and these two scenes were almost identical. The finish is awful, as it leaves the WIDE door open for an end. There is also a message ending with a message saying how only 1 out of X Voice hears of EVP are threatened, and a nice happy tune to play. Ways to break the mood, you guys. Jeez! At the end, if you want another movie to suppress parabola, watch White Noise. The only reason I could possibly think of anyone who would watch this movie is that either the person is a Keaton fan or who is interested in EVP. Sure, the EPP aspects can be a bit interesting, but I do not like my movie concept to be down my throat and blow up to my face. This movie tries to scare, originally, and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a movie that is disabled when the ghost advertisers talk about having films. "I'll see this video no more."
