Jan Rivers' life as an architect and family of people took a turn for the worst when his wife disappeared and was concluded dead after a freakish accident involving changing a tire on his car. During the days he missed, he met a man who followed and told him that he had been in contact with his dead wife from the other side of E.V.P - Electronic Voice phenomenon. Of course he does not believe he but then heard his phone calls and so he contacted the man for more information on E.V.P. Shortly enough John is tuned to him, but something supernatural does not like him interfering with the deceased, as now others then contact his wife, the white noise is predicting the events before they arrive. who was sitting on my shelf for a while now, I thought I'd better get around to look at her since she did not copy me. But then again I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, as they do not have my question about it. Oh well. So I decided to give it a play, as I was in an undemanding mood. After listening to it all the bad press on it, I did not expect anything remotely good, but I kept entertained for 90 minutes. Well, the more so 60 minutes, as the last half an hour was pretty much a blur of confusion. The film is nowhere as good as it could, but the time breezed by quick enough even though it's a rather supernatural twinkle. I thought it was not all a waste. The first few hours I found some effective sequences rather interesting and there was a spooky product worrisome with a slow progression of subtle silence and tragedy that shook you, but sadly coming to a crash crash later in the movie. That's when the jumping crisis predictions forced into their own and somehow it just does not fit in with the context. It becomes rather agitated, loud and very blocked with its MTV style editing and kinetic camera-work that gets close to the action. I could not understand what went on to shine and sparkle. The whole explanation of how everything fits in the bigger picture is the best hokey. It is a very satisfying conclusion because it goes for something great, but hitting rock bottom. I thought they were doing well until this point with the lighting and bursting camera-work. Other then the clear lighting starch, the note holds this flicker gloomy atmospheric film. All of it is very slickly made and glossed up with fancy hardware, which makes it come across as very sterile and empty. You can easily see that the movie heart is in the technical elements and not in expanding the characters and stories. There's just no connection with lasting feelings of this delicate material. After a while, it just tries too hard to persuade you that it falls into manipulative emotions and bursts into many blood-curdling things from beyond the grave. She just received rather repetition watching someone watch a soft TV screen after while. The car E.V.P was the star on the show. Well, it has more impact than the brush performance. Michael Keaton is more than capable actor, but recently disappears from the card and here he gives a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. It really deserves better, though. Everyone else is very fragile and forgettable. Not because of their performance but the lack of depth of the characters. This clunker was not bad to begin with, but it went to form weight not to fall quite high. <br /> I would not care to see her again and I would not recommend giving anyone, unless you got an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent crop in Hollywood horror products. It's just a humorous shame that this over-product cops could not put it together successfully, as it has promises to come up with a more than decent cast in their hands. I did not hate him, but what a deception.
