Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters are poorly developed, and the argument is frustrating stupid. It all begins when Michael Keaton, cool off to doing nothing remarkable since Batman, lost his beautiful wife wife, Anna, in a car crash, possibly caused by it to drive one of these VW convertible bugs even though it was supposed to be rich . In his grief, Batman moved to a new apartment and took up a hobby: there is nothing recording and then watching it. She learned this from a truly pathetic fat guy who was murdered by three high-tech friends who lived on his television. It quickly begins to see people dead, thanks to EVP, or electronics voice phenomenon, which is obviously the deal that deaths can send messages to people living in tape recordings, video cameras, dead cell phones ( "Anna's cell phone calls ... it's DEAD! ... you have to have ghostm.Mhmmm .. No other explanation I'd better start pity around with this liaison.)) etc. Why can not just write something Down on a piece of paper or striking on some things to form creative pictograms never explained.CURSIVE, eventually Batman discovered that he actually saw the future, and she decided to go to help this woman she does not know. The nick of time, because the high tall men enter just after leaving ("D * mn it! Can travel between the living and die using electronics, but I will d * mned if we can be on time! I'm good guy? (They shake up in agreement agreement) ") He tracks this lady in a warehouse and finds that this character comes out of ten minutes First of all, in the movie (look hard, or you'll miss it!) is actually a serial killer working for three high-level highs, who's the adventurer of Lost Ark style plunging down and killing him, looking like drawing that they are. Just then some detective shows up and saves the lady. After Batman's funeral, she decided to send a message from the exquisite grave for her son for being an idiot, obviously feeling that the best way to protect her kid from the horrors of EVP is to expose her, in it. The little child just smiles. Nothing phase is dude, not even when his father, Batman of course, starts talking to the TV. High-point in the movie was when someone's phone rings and some guys called out, "It's Anna!"
