Casting bones to choose: David Jannsen was 38 playing dad Robert Drivas, who was then, 31 (yeah, I realized he was supposed to just go out of college, but the clues of the script contained him being a bread and so it is probably 24 -25 in the script --- which always put Jannsen into parent classes at Junior High). I suppose AMA wrote the medical miracle in 1938 in Medicine. This movie was not old very well at all and now it's the main call is just to see a snap shot in Sin City, about 1969 and all of the smoking unexplained, the strange hair (Drivas have an atomic pin on what make it look like a well-groomed hip cushion It) and modern damn that went along with it. If anyone remembers, LV did not exactly London ... the city coddled the crowds and codger gamblers in those days. Drivas comes as sexually obsolete; His father thinks he might be gay (in a sad irony, Drivas himself died in AIDS at 47) and the soap conflict is in the problem of generation gaps (ahem, as if someone can call 7 years of space). Sonny boy wants to be his own man and dad wants to pull him into the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And ties him with girls (including Edy Williams's horny-for-money). Interestingly enough, the son does not seem to have thought of being as gay-weird for the time and a wonderful Brenda Vaccarro is nearby to swoon platonic. What stripping there is really lame --- just what needed to pull the audience in for a 'R' rating in the early days of the rating system MPAA (which then was GMR [16] - and X). The correction is horrific and there's a stupid-humorous ovary by the committee (a troupe neo-avante-garde comedy thirty years ago that mercifully wants to change the card in a couple of years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer ... seemingly preparing it for a role as a floor manager in the best CASINO two decades later. Do not give anything away, but they would have to deal with Rickles' character N. and power tools and a hole in the desert back then. A curiosity at best, far from Joshua Logan's usual gauge of work. Dos / dias. Now go CASINO again ...
