This film is not that interesting, except for the first ten minutes. Fast and editable is a perfect introduction to an ensemble piece, even better than saying Gosford Park. Then it inexplicably slow down, loses concentration and begins to resemble a traditional French film only to regain the focus of the end and the love relationship between Antoine (Depardieu) and Cecile (Deneuve). In the middle there are too many side-lines and unfinished loose in the story, several wires started to end. The primary story is the relationship between Antoine and Cecile. She stayed faithful to her after her relationship with many years ago, despite her remarriage and set up home in Morocco. As her build is now rebuilding her own life and recovers herself by taking the mask of Cecile's wedding. Having accomplished this, he is buried after a freak accident (literally) and becomes a comatose. He wakes up only after burning old pictures as indications that have been reconciled with the past and may well begin life again together. ******* END SPOILERS <br /> It remains clear that the vision of this director wants us to see you because there are many other stories here: illegal immigrants want to enter Europe, there are frequent broadcasts on overthrowing Iraq's former regime. Cecile's daughter is bisexual and bite by dog ​​(loyalty) once she meets her boyfriend, whereas the girl is alive and seems to be sick (in that?). Her sister is traditional Islamic, and joins in relation to Cecile's husband. It shows Morocco as needed, despite all the buildings having a strange colonial vision in which almost praise has passed. It shows Islam as a backward and extreme trend, which can sometimes be true, but certainly not in general. In the end, it can best be described as adding some local colors and art for the art. <br /> <br /> Deneuve and Depardieu are great. With these materials they are used to turning something extra into each scene: lifting a eyebrow, body language, radish pride, awkward behaviors. The film itself is irritating and only confirms the limited role of French cinema in the world nowadays. With some remarkable exceptions of course.
