This is one of the smaller slashers I've ever seen in my life. The finish is something you must see to believe. The movie begins with Harry standing with Phillip standing on the stairs and mom watching their dad down the chimney while dressing in a Santa suit. He puts the gifts under the tree, feeds the cookies with milk and then goes back to the fireplace. Phillip goes to bed but Harry comes down just to get her dad dressed in a suitably seduced Santa to his mother. Then Harry goes up stairs, smashes a snow globe, grabs a shard of glass, and cuts himself. Then you move on to the present. You see Harry. It's a lonely man who sleeps in a Santa suit and watches toddlers in a pair of binoculars. He has two books. A good child's books for the kids are bad. He writes everything in these books. The guy is a crap. He also works at the Jolly Dream Factory. Phillip, his brother has a family of two children and lives in a beautiful home. When Harry finds out that his boss only cares about profits, he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to a few children. Then he travels to a church and kills 4 people. Then he goes to another house and puts it under the tree. Children catch him, but they go back to bed. So Harry went to the room and killed the father and herd. <br /> As she walks towards a house, a bunch of kids spots her and runs up to her. Parents are nervous and try to get the kids back to them so they do not hurt. How to know that Harry is the killer? Sure, you have to be suspicious because you never know who he might be. Harry gives the kids the presents and pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to sew it before the kids. <br /> <br /> When Harry runs off, the border itself lights and follows him to kill him. They do not even know that he is the killer. When Harry came to his brother's brother, he and his brother talked with Phillip. It only loses consciousness. Phillip loads Harry back to his wind. When Harry dreamed up, he took off. <br /> The end is something I could not believe. Again, you'll have to see it in believing it. One thing that I heard was Santa's black. That's right, the man in Santa's costume was seen was a white man. So why are they brought to a black man? <br /> <br /> Take this and see the night silence of night and kill Santa. You will find your money worth seeing these two films. They are better than piles of waste! I give this movie 1 star from 10. Want I could give it 0 stars cause that's what this movie deserves.
