Stewart Kane (Gabriel Byrne, VANITY FAIR) heads out with its local Jindabyne, Australia's fishing buddies for a weekend of rest, recreation, and relaxation. But when Stewart discovered an aboriginal woman in floating face-down in a river, things appear to have turned out for the worst. The biggest weekend victim is commonsensing the guys. They do not travel from the ravine, and rather end the peak weekend and some catches great. Then they head out and report the body. The city and men's lives quickly turn into a mess. Local media are swarming, with accusations of Aboriginal prejudice coming up from local natives. Claire's wife Stewart wife (Laura Linney, EXORCISM OF EMILY ROSE) meaning the deeper meaning of what her husband and friends did, but she had to fight with her in his own mental illness. <br /> <br /> Throughout this mess is the life of this young woman who is now a media spectacle, splayed out on a slab mog. His assassination and the dumping of the water is symbolic of what was under the city of Jindabyne: a division of men and women, black and white, social and waste. <br /> Only other people seem to understand some of what's going on are two young children: Stewart and Claire's children are led around by a half-girlfriend's Aussie that the mother died just a few years before . The young girl lives with her grandparents and tries to let go of her mother the best way she can, and the discovery of a new body looks like? strange enough ?? A method of accomplishing this (again, the current is hidden in Jindabyne is surmised). Everything and everyone in this city Jindabyne feels lush under its surface, but none of them are willing to dive into the tidal waters and take a look at (the symbolism here to see when a nearby lake is used for recreation and swimming are said to have the old town of Jindabyne under its surface). None, that is, until Claire forces. <br /> <br /> The movie is interesting if a bit too entangled. There are so many too many lines that need to be explored and just do not get done; too many loose threads. The act was okay, but filming was awful. Wobbly cameras, shaded or dark shots, and just a generalized sloppiness injures the overall output. <br /> I love symbolic films, NORTHFORK was one of the favorites all the time in this vein. But Jindabyne needed to peck himself above the turbid water so that he could see his own problem, which simply did not happen.
