This is not art, its in-urban, politically-correct propaganda! Jindabyne's political intolerance is beyond being unforgiving ... he does not see people as human, but rather as a member of the category. This is the most patronizingly offensive Australian movie I can remember ever (and it's up against some very strenuous competition!). A message movie, each tired beloved theme of the trendy left is: Aboriginal are victims; white men are violent or alcohol; White women are not that bad - particularly if they are lesbians - but they are most likely in a depression nature. <br /> <br /> Four men who go fishing, get the body of a woman killed (Aboriginal, naturally) and leave it in the river for several days while catching trout. It's a strange decision to take and almost no discussion, as if the men are animals. The one who is half a half is the goodie ... we know that because he lives with a bisexual woman - he likes to keep his baby a lot - and eventually move to a most fashionable costal place (far all of that to pet pets) .. This is a movie made by these trendy urbanites who live in pairs of the Australian landscape with these evil rednecks who live in space. It's unaware of land life is almost as shocking as its contemptible. The film is shot in with long distance views in the bush backed by forboding, mysterious music. It made very clear to the end that Aboriginal people are the only ones in homes in this landscape. It is concluded with an excruciatingly implausible scene of black-white reconciliation. <br /> In Jindabyne, land life has reduced little more than a series of non-implicit stories proclaiming superiority to the values ​​of illuminated urban leftist residents of those of other Australians. This film was not performed by people with real work but funded by the Government Finance Corporation Corporation. It is a product of the artsy series, which abolishes uselessly populated by the lovely people for whom rich government funding supports these patronisingly offensive projects (which are as detached from real life as possible), as opposed to actually making popular movies people want to see. It does not matter if the movie is a stinker, they always get paid. <br /> <br /> Spare yourself from wasted time, avoid it as the epidemic. More jaded social comment than real entertainment, this movie deserves pan!
