This movie is very creepy. Unfortunately, not for the reason that the movie makers would expect. <br /> There is a reliable killer mastermind too, but it's not the one to climb either. It's just cruel your standard booklet, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, though and nothing particularly fresh adds into either. Usually, for even the most vulnerable and sick of criminals, can they be arrested chains in a stressful position, on their feet, arms expressed 24 hours a week from week outside? I suppose the world has given us Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, anything possible .. <br /> No, what really craps about this movie is the central character, Danny. This young man definitely adds, and abides it to true by some ludicrously locked security locks and an entirely negligent physician in any notion of professional ethics or patient confidentiality, wanders into the hospital room occupied by what can only be described as a young Very vulnerable to women's defense, and on the basis of nothing (chronic sleep prevents them from giving anything as informed consent) to imagine himself having some sort of special relationship with him. <br /> <br /> Seemingly in days, it has the arrogant in itself the right to kidnap him, believe (completely deceiving, as we discover) that he is better able to take care of him than anyone else, and in the minute getting her back to her apartment is sexually telling her even if she is (again due to her sleep) entirely can be consensual or resistant. <br /> <br /> We suspect that why it would feel this connection are very soon confirmed. It is of course more or less able to form any mature adult friend, let alone sexual relationships, so rather to fall on this essentially infantile woman, who because of her permanent sleep has a mental age that corresponds to An experiment lived in just a few years. The scene where he discovered ice cream is particularly creping-making, and the look of koyly know it gives him when he gloatingly says he will have his own owning again a particular worst of horrors. But again, I'm scared, is not that awful of horrors the movie makers are hoping for, but a much more simple spasm of riot. We all can see clearly what at the end of our fork here - it's perfect pedofili's dream of innocence, sexual compliance and extreme dependency. Terrible, terrible, terrible. <br /> <br /> What else did you get in this Mish Mash? Twisted dreamscapes not quite as good as del Toro. Mandatory "You need to go to the police" argument, where the lead character always has a reason not to do so though it's only sensitive to action. The automated sequel, many praised the comments here, though completely and completely free ("It does not serve any function!", As Sigourney Weaver memorably protested in the Galaxy Quest) and looking at me just like the Abominable Phibes rehashed in one in Saw the derivatives. <br /> Jeffrey Combs does her best though, so a star for that, and a couple more because you have to keep lower rankings for films that even worse than this, and in general this is well - Injection and completely done.
