New York, I love you, or rather must have the title of Manhattan, I like the look of your people at Sometimes Love, is an exact example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. From the point of view, look at the two segments of the movie, one where Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and the cats move her up with obnoxious sexy-talk, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to score a movie with an incredulous request from his director read from Dostoyevsky book. While the latter is not a great story by any stretch, it's at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to score, Dostoyevky gets drowned in his leg, and at the end gets some help (and perhaps something more) from a girl he was talking to as a liaison between him and the director. The scene of Hawke's pond, however, is like nothing, and feels like it, like a fluke added to or directed by a movie maker calling it (or, for that problem, Hawke and a Combo at Sunrise Sunrise and sting facts ). /> <br /> What's irksome on the movie in general is to see the few stories that do work really well up against the stories one or two 'possible' and then the rest of the situations that unfold which were connected or supplemented with one another (ie bits involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It is not even so much that the film puts almost always in Manhattan * and not New York in Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even, say, Harlem or Washington Heights) - lacking a good diversity, since some. It's the lack of imagination that one found in beads, for better or worse, in Paris J'taime. It's mostly little to do with New York, except for passing referrals, and at its worst (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) it's incomprehensible about a level that is awful. <br /> So, basically, wait for TV and do your best to soak in and out of the movie - in, that is, for three scenes: the Bloom / Christina Ricci segment that is good; Brett Ratner has led segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) and a very funny story of a teenage girl taking a girl in a wheelchair only reaches a big big twist; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as an old adorable adult couple marching together in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can fail, even the first director of Natalie Portman, and return to a Brother Hughes (one, Allan) on the screen. A mix bag will put it lightly: it's like having to search in a bag of black mixed full of peeled nuts to get the few nuts left.
