I've always been a bit underwhelmed by Joe Dante's original origin (1981)? So I was not particularly interested in checking out any of its sequels; Some time ago, I had to catch HOWEVER III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987)? not the same director as this one ?? and found it to be observable but nothing special. The second installment, however, has quite a bad reputation and I knew I would have a good time watching it ?? if mostly in the eye of my dear Ukrainian icons Christopher Lee in the midst of him all (the graceful star of age partnership stated a number of times in interview that he had not appeared in horizontal-oriented ticket since his last photos for Hammer Films back in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should make the subtleties "your movie is a turd"? They were astoundingly inept in all departments (starting with the all-important werewolf make-up)! <br /> <br /> The draw (and dialogue) is not only awful, but has the limpest connection with Dante's movie ?? Strangely enough, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner co-wrote this himself! Still, the one indicating the waterproof (er ... low point) in the film is identical to the initial sense ?? which tries to give all a semblance of style, but only serve to accentuate its troublesome factor! As well as phoney (and grilles) is the hokey transition between scenes, songs in theme-punk-rock theme, and the cheapjack special-effects of the climax! <br /> What about the characters, then ?: Lee is expert of werewolf, of course, who everyone thinks a crackpot ?? until they come in contact with the monsters, that is; At least in many, though, one admired the intelligence musicians (or gall) to devising a stupid subtitle with a double meaning! Usually, Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf's Fewer Subtitle by which this is known in the UK!) Is well-sought in a variety of exotic S & M teams ... but his character is normally given nothing to do (except preside over her boy to followers and engage in sex at the occasional hilarious three-way lycanthrope!); Her lips snarling (one of them a black sluttish girl) are especially disappointing. <br /> <br /> Adjusting Lee on the side of good are two yuppie heroes (she's the brother of the character Dee Wallace from the movie first and she's a colleague of herself) and a lot of staggered war- the type of Transylvania (still, they generally manage equipan to overcome the mere werewolves mute!). Noteworthy among them is a knife-throwing dwarf that becomes a particularly nasty (but, at the same time, side-divide) breaking; he later revived, under the control of Stirba, in order to lure Lee (by making childhood windows in her all across the village streets) in a trap. The letter scene has to be a career nadir for the distinguished actor and imposing ?? Well, either this or the early sequence of a disc where Lee is making Don a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so appearing evident among young people! <br /> <br /> In the end, if I was forced to mention the element of this was not entirely upset, I guess I could say that the wearer (in which the heroine is to be killed) is interesting , or the hybrid werewolf / beating the animal (Danning's pet that loves to 'live' the body of his victim) is just too weird to be despised.
