Ugly shot, end old scripted and amateurishly rhythm Joe 1981 classic Joe Joe. "The Howling" is one of two or three ONLY good movie-films ever made and yet it has been 'rewarded' by a series of reckless phenomena and unbeatable as this one. Whether it's any comfort, "Stirba" is a sequel to not only and there's absolutely no connection to the characters or events that were presented in the movie Dante. The plot here turns on a bloodthirsty culture in Transsylvanian werewolves ?? primarily girls? led by Stirba. Stirba plays by Sybil Danning who transforms from an old curvy lady into a super-babe blonde (with impressive boson) in the eye of the eye and gets her hairy haired horny body. His arch-enemy is played by a heavily tired Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to the Stirba kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who has lost friends in the werewolf cult. In case you're just looking for gardy dirty and nudity gratings ... this is your movie. Even the least killed are shown in great detail and we even treat exploding eyeballs with the vile image of a dwarf that gets pierced on a pointy fence. However, if you want a little substance or depth, you will be seriously disappointed. Dialogue is embarrassing and there's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere. Scriptwriting always seems to be confused with werewolves and vampires (the Transylvania environment, garlic, stakes ...) and gorgeous Danning's balconies are groomed as the only movie gadget. During these credits, a shot in which it tears itself, is re-modified repeatedly (according to my fellow judge Dr. Gore, not less than ten times!) Which is very pathetic and pointless. The music is okay and some of the scenery is rather nice. I'm talking about the fierce-looking status while the credit is opened and the dark dungeons of Stirba's castle. Led by Philippe Mora is a giant mess with ?? as far as I'm concerned ?? His only refreshing movie remains "The Beast", released three years earlier.
