From the moment Christopher Lee puts on a pair of sunglasses in Punk sunglasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know you've got a stinker on your hands! This film was potential. Under the storehouse there are the remnants of what could be fabricated in a decent movie, if not an interesting one. The final product is a real mess, however. Aside from the free nudity and some beautiful women, Howling II wind up being an excuse excuse for a horror movie. Christopher Lee gives him a couple of credibility, but even he can not raise it higher than the level of crap. <br /> <br /> Never see any of the other films in this series, this criticism will be forced to accept on face value that this is a genuine continuation of events at a party. We start at a funeral for one of the characters from the original, and in the first ten minutes we find ourselves in Transylvania and a small group of heroes ready to battle a covenant in werewolves. The rhythm of justice is quite good, and there are not too many dead spots. The action is there; It's just not filmed properly. A bright spot is the music of a band Punk called Babel. Though the songs played quite often, it is rather catchy. These issues and the movie are great in numbers. The first, the act is worse than pitiful. Christopher Lee is good, but is where he ends. Two are brought to Reb Brown and Annie McEnroe are missing in just about anything you want for these characters. Writing is miserable, redundant in correction, and the unmanageable direction. There are a couple of beautiful effects of special effects, but people are cheesy far from squeezing them in numbers. Sybil Danning is beautiful looking, but his performance is less than satisfactory. Judd Omen looks like the party plays, but his voice and act are compelling to say the least. Many of the dialogues are in an unspoken language that can or can not be Latin. <br /> I liked the general idea for the story. I always enjoy the history of true believers from fighting the seemingly irresistible force of evil. A scene where a small group of good guys are trekking in a dark forest and firing down a bunch of werewolves is the same kind of fun. Type. Perhaps a larger budget or a better director could do the rest of the movie a bit more compelling. 3 of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Score from the side: As this writes, the censors of youtube.com have still not taken down credits to finish with Sybil Danning ripping off his head several times while playing the song Babel! Catch it as you can!
