The II swirling begins as it means to go on with a rare and surreal opening narration by Christopher Lee whose image imposed on a moving star garden, oh and a skeleton appear as well for some reason. He said, "for he wrote the inhabitants of the earth, and they drank their blood." And I saw her extra on a fishfire, and he held a golden bowl that was full of the forsaking and On his forehead, I looked at the great Mother of God that my mind could not come out no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried to regret # with all the abominations of the Earth. " This narration opening means nothing at all and is just downright scarce. After the opening credits that are set on Transylvanian architecture we get a caption on the screen that informs us at 'Los Angeles, California City of Angels'. I knew I was in for a time 86 minutes. It's probably not too long after the events of the original screams (1981) and it's Karen White's funeral. After Brother Brown's ceremony, Reb Brown talked with a 'occult' investigator named Christopher Lee, saying that Karen is a werewolf and that he will return to life. Ben postponed nonsense. But along with one of Karen's friends and Jenny colleagues (Annie McEnroe) she visits Stefan in her home. Stephen tells them about Werewolves and how they can die, he mentioned Stirba (Sybil Danning) who is the queen of Werewolves. Stefan also shows a photograph taken in Karen's funeral in a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is a very vicious and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he will lead any Werewoves in the heart and titanium. Ben figured out that Stefan is saying he will lead Karen as well so with Jenny he travels to the graveyard where his sister's cry is stopped Stefan. However many of Werewolves turned up and attacked Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survived the attack and managed to find out that Stirba is to be found in Transylvania. They all decided to travel to Transylvania and stopped Stirba and Werewolves from taking over the Earth by filling a century old curse. Once they travel to a small town called Vlkava which means 'where the wolves live' and meet up with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of Hunter Werewolf, hey what else can I call them? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana whom people are hoping to bring to Stirba. But Stirba knows Stefan's arrival and plans for his Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan put an end to the Stirba plan for the domination of the world? Does this movie find any more bizarre or surrealist? Watch it and find out. Led by Philippe Mora this is one strange mess in a movie. It's wrong to edit as certain sequences just jump around incoherently. One major issue is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel that are all over the place and do not make any sense of meaning or introduce us to any appropriate character that we love. Luckily it moves along like a rocket and never dull or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre is still happening to keep the viewer entertained. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who enjoy this "bad" movie is just up with the best of them. There are werewolves Orgies which are just funky to watch. We find some cool weapon werewolves. The compositions and places they seem to seem so out of place and I do not know if this was actually shot in Transylvania but it does not look like what I thought among 80 in Transylvania would. Stirba's castle is part of dungeon, gothic castles and modern luxury homes. Stirba and his servant's costume are very over-the-top, Stirba puts an outfit that looks like it belongs to a S / M video and must just be it looks sexy, and Minions wear skimpy leather clothing too. Special make-up effect varies from the good to the poor, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone has their hands torn off and a priest has some animals out of his mouth but this is not a packed film with gore, although there are many effects sequence and werewolves transformation and attack. There are plenty of naked as well as Stirba and its minions are a bunch of real randy in Werewolves! I should also mention the music, the band dominated by terrible rock music that I hated and I ended up turning the volume down. Acting is all-round and what about Earth was Christopher Lee thinking about when he accepted this movie? I wonder what he thought about it. Basically everything is a real mess, but I found it a fairly fun mess all the same. Impossible to recommend but it kept me looking at the end. Speaking of what the credit ends running on what appears to be deleting scenes and cutting legs, it also features the same shot of Sybil Danning taking his clothes off and exhibiting her breasts probably in excess of 20 times! If this is your thing.
