I'll have to add dissenting comments here. My various reviews have been compared to this movie by Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. One of the admirable flotilla of cheap tangerines has come our way in recent years. Unfortunately this is not quite accurate. The movie plays out rather like a movie school graduation attempt to emulate these masters. All the pieces have - the beautiful set, the minimalist vaguely dialogue, the camera slowly slows down energy, and drives men, in particular, who spend a nice time just sitting around being contemplated. Sounds good but unfortunately nothing is up to now. The dialogue is lead. The act is generally able to lift the upper-class characters; The couple married with the little sister are particularly poor and uninvolving. Unfortunately when mediocre characters act combined with a classic "Chekovian" (is very predictable) scheme, the results are in the best tedious and at worst painful. I could not help but see the "blue Danube" river scene, for example, as verging on genre parody (although the smoggy looking "spring sky" on the river gave a bit of black humor ...) I actually went to this film on the basis of Mark Li Ping's photo. While the environment is elegant, and the swaying camera attempts to replicate the mood of "The Shanghai Flower", the film is not in the same league, visually. In fact, I must confess that after an hour of wondering whether it was the script or act of damaging the film, I suddenly remembered that I meant to meet my flatmate for dinner and took the chance leaving (and I can not remember the last movie I walked out). I guess from the reviews that the finish left a positive taste but not the point I could not care for. If you would like to see something along similar lines to do with real talent then I would recommend nothing by the above directors, for example "In the mood for love" or "Flowers in Shanghai", both of them filmed by Mr Ping (formerly and Chris Doyle) talent, and both of them are film mastery enough to inspire years of failing to fail like this. It's not often Mr Hoberman brought me to lose, and maybe you would rather listen to it, but do not say you were not warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
