This is the first in the "Full Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" BBC series I saw, and if all of them are like this, I might look no further. Being virtually the full text of the play is all this "Romeo & Juliet" that will be for him, missing from all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as an obnoxious director, both in the technical and artistic aspects. In the former, because he committed mistakes that even a first-year student would wisely avoid. Considering, for example, seriously edited the first shot of Abraham and Balthasar at the opening stage, or Nursing and entering the Friar Lawrence cell, wondering where Romeo with him was so much in front of him that he would be well Clearly see him even though he was blind. And, in the latter, because each one of the performers is misdirected, though some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like I always imagined Juliet to look like, and she does not seem to have a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance totally misses any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, being not only as dull as Juliet, but also way too old and not even good-looking, coming across as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Put together make impossible thoughts to feel anything for each other, be the main players of the greatest love story ever to write. Alan Rickman, in his first screen, plays Tybalt as if he was Darth Vader, which is a great mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intends, no character has been a hero or a wicked but all defective human beings. This Tybalt is so mean-looking that we do not believe the crazy characters after breaking it. As for Paris, I kept thinking of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the Nursing character some fairly. In 168 minutes, this production can make us empathize with the characters, because the characters are not empathized with each other and never see their own roles. The best screen version of Franco Zeffirelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as abomination as the flamboyant George Cukor version of geriatris, or the crime against humanity that is the MTV video-based Luhrmann's video. 4/10.
