Superficically, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", are meeting with a lot of great artisans and women behind their previous collaboration. Lady's leading Lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers in 40s / 50s cinemas, and unlike generally the superior "He's always Few Weather" this movie gave them the chance to not only one, but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the team rising behind these strikes as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's music director "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated the collaborative bloody joints on the excellent "American in Paris." <br /> What happened on the road? Why is the movie itself like a stupid doom? Minnelli himself did not want to make the movie, although before it was hot artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the natural conservative film was just a bit too much in two steps ahead for MGM and one step backwards for Vincente Minnelli. But once locked in this assignment as the people of the Brigadoon blocked in its city limits, Minnelli was faced with turning it into something that would be fun in a specially distracted, if not released way. The final result is really horrible to see. <br /> While aiming for the naive charm of Minnelli before striking like "cabin in the sky" and "meeting me in St. Louis", the beach caressing that the inhabitants of brigadon can conjure up any of the illustrious nostalgia These never-had locales. It's fascinating by even matching the glossy glossy "Yolanda and the Thief" or "boat" because the Highlands settings look at the same time too specifically as an exotic fantasy and too generic for human real emotions. The only people in brigadoon that I at least can relate to are the malcontented man who tries to escape and unfortunate-fellow traveler plays by Van Johnson who accidentally launches him. The general procedures in the village of Brigadoon itself are herring herds and provinces even to be attributed to a backward form of Christianity: they seem to positively pagan in the aspects. For example, in exchange for the brigadoon's immortality, was the honorable and most generally "good" pastor of the city sacrificing its own place of refuge supposedly blessed .. At one point we assured that "everyone is looking for their own brigadon. "Suffice it to tell the box office that this photo confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of quasi-queasy paradise. The situation itself is ridiculous and almost ensultingly patronizing, but could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly herself is the most profitable thing about the movie, and Charisse is typically miscast as a virgin optimist in much the same as Lucille Bremer was miscast in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson does his best version of the classic Oscar Levant Sidekick at Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes at a point like Levant in "AIP"), and it gives a lot of fun moments. But he says something to himself if the best part of a big budget extravaganza and all the best talents of MGM is a wind-off Van Johnson performance.
