It often does not seem to me to give negative criticisms of a movie; After all I often feel the maxi, "if you have nothing good to say do not say it at all," would be just advice for the many naysayers we listen to every day that nitpick of things we love. If it's all the same you read the same though I feel that there is point out that with the Lone exception of Christopher Walken in a return role as Gabriel this film is Horrid enthusiastically. I say that for you to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Walken's deadpan delivery with the style or original love of the "Prophecy" that you will seriously dissapointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it only fifty-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take too long to read and it would make you in tears, but a short summary would be the following: once the crystalline picture is clear in the relationship between angel and mortal in the first tear movie too. Gabriel was turned out of hand from the rather morbid fact he was once (and in that role he is WICKEDLY funny in the first) to little more than a thug to heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing heavies (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York") it's still fun but thrown in support is a unity of unity and unconvincing in mortals and angels alike who could not buy a sign for 50 cents. If you can misunderstand the draw you are a smarter man than I. One gets the feeling we're wandering from the scene scene just to move the movie together to the next big Walken line. At the end of the movie you're actually wanting it would blow her horns and make the walls of Jericho fall upon those who made this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom line - it's a curse of our intelligence that made an end to this movie in the first place. The original told the story right, answering the questions that should be, and leaving alone what you meant to meditate later. There is no compelling reason to follow the characters of the first - the priest who had lost his faith, the girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer himself was more interesting by himself in the first movie than all the other characters in the end put together. I feel sorry for anyone who sees this film and not the first because they will probably never want to look original and this is a real tragedy.
