Everyone knows the original "Gregory Widen" of "Fami" did not really ask an end, but you do not need a degree in rocket science hanging above your fireplace to realize that more cash-ins on this profitable profound concept was inevitable. Part two is a very prototypical example of an end-to-end end, meaning the creative and complicated scheme of the original has greatly simplified in favor of more action, the more versatile one-liner covered with a lot more unusual religious landscape . The only good news is that the producers managed to hold Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel, and he delivers another gloriously performing performance that promptly justifies the cost of a rental. If it was not for the Walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of players at the disposal of Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), the "Prophecy II" would surely disappear in oblivion right after its release. The film begins with Gabriel literally getting spit out of hell to continue with his ongoing war in heaven here on earth. The goal of fighting this time is to prevent the baby from nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from getting done. To see, the unborn child is the first hybrid of an angel in heaven with a "monkey" on the ground and the birth as a superior that would mean the fall of Gabriel's bad domination. So, as in the first movie, he engaged a suicide accomplice to help him and hunt Valerie all the way down to Eden for the final confrontation. The "Prophecy II" is an independent film and sometimes even fun as long as you do not comparisons with the original and as long as you manage to overlook the pits to draw multiple and error in continuity. Each time the scenario gets too tedious, the chuckily enough musicians still put a moment close-by Christopher Walken to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy and particularly his ignorance regarding modern earth technology often cause refreshing and memorable sequences. On a sub-note note note, I often felt like "Prophecy II" ambitions are similar to "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurgence looked somewhat like teleportation in a futuristic cyborg and Eden, where the final battle took place, very similar to the steel factory where Terminator II ended as well. Coincidence, I guess? In general, this is an inferior end with beams but it's still worth checking out of your case is a fan of Christopher Walken's unique charisma (and who is not?).
