I saw this heap of tonight in a screening screen and I was straight up hauling as it was bad. <br /> <br /> The first, the movie practically flaunt its stomach blindness. No black or gay New Yorkers in love? Or who says, knowing those who are important in love? I know it's not an incredible love of incredible-tasting inclusion but you can not claim to have a Cinematic New York and out these fairly prevalent members of society. Plus, you know the people who have produced this accident thought deserve their Oscar hand, so where everyone is? <br /> You may be worse than social social ignorance and ignorance have dropped off the rights offensive (remember when you were in high school and people were openly disgusting to the beautiful young woman in my wheelchair?). This movie runs the gamut of how to be the worst. Bad acting, bad writing, wrong direct - all spanning each possible genre all the time rich people who smoke cigarettes outside fancy restaurants. <br /> But thank you finally have power Hayden Christensen and Rachel Bilson back together for reunion rider. And, side scores, Uma dodges a bullet; Etan Hawke seems to ruin. This, of course, is one thing in terms of his looks, but he added an incredibly extra creepy vibe in horribleness scene terrifyingly scripted him opposite the poor, beautiful Maggie Q. I had a horrible time my youngest favorite scene for the movie questionnaire end, but it has to be Anton Yelchin / Olivia Thirlby bit for the absolute lack of taste, which saddens me because I really love those two actors. I do not consider myself easy to flee, but all I could do was scoff and look around and disgust like a 50 year old man. <br /> A second second place in this incredible tight competition of these terrible things is Shia LaBeouf's television broadcast in what it means for a former Disney Channel star to act against Julie Christie. I do not mean opposing, I mean account. Account is the only explanation. I realize now that the early sequence with Orlando Bloom is a relative record. HIGHLIGHT. Please keep that in mind when your brain starts leaking out your ear gently after opening credits, which seems to be a node on the first New York Real World. This film is nasty, weird dating, inarticulate, efficient, firefighting and, in the end, completely divorced from any real idea of ​​New York at all. <br /> (The extra star is the section of Cloris Leachman / Eli Wallach, as it is actually very sweet, but it's only one bright spot in what feels like hours of freeware, masturbators.)
