This is one of those horror cops where twenty-somethings fool around with dark art in a fire fire, getting into a pile of trouble for doing so. An open portal that has a world of demons known as Kelippoth in Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, summer, gets kidnapped by something, takes in it. Summer is formed by a mysterious group of identities never revealed to fight the devil monsters. This is a portion of the plot that lends itself to investigation. Anyway, three wannabee witches, who went to high school together, Renea, are most enthusiastic, serious practitioners in the dark art, and its lesbian shortcuts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. it's more or less a whisper passed with them, though ..) Join with friends, Jason and Ricky, on a trip to the desert where summer disappears from his home ten years ago. Opening the portal into a spoken text writing in an ancient book, is a demon liberated, as is summer, now a babe warrior whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body that was necessary to ward off monsters in other worlds. <br /> <br /> Low budget has a button but ambitious story, restrict it to a limited environment. These young adults spend much time running around in the woods hoping to not be fodder for an animal. As the case in these movies, the devil stands on the sidelines while the story develops as summer attempts to remember how everything happened, while befriending Jason who wants to help him restore the lost time. The action is shot mostly in the dark, making any difficult violence to decode. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the cast of women for that matter) are some nice cute candies, scantily dressed as a Conan female, a gorgeous body we have fun to gaze about from the moment it looks until the film closes. There are some lesbianisms (some kissing and fondling) and odor stuffy nodded up nicely, and the cast seems to be fun and the sketch to jump .. so sheer that the comic tone is probably suitable for the material. <br /> <You may be interested in co-starring World Wrestling Entertainment in Christian Captivity (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the groups, spoofing ego to change it, like a chicken, tremble in the sound of a cut tree cut. Landy Cannon is likable as an easy hero, Jason, a lovestruck, naive young man whose former fiancé, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine's wickedness is in Jason's games and feelings Do not hide it from Marlene from her knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to drag her away from the idea that she can recover a dead flame that never burns again. The Kelipoth demon is mostly black lit, I guess they avoid showing how lucidine / ridiculous it looks like feature in full. The lesbian Antiquities of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly tame, love to do, once alone in the woods up against a tree, is tone down and also lit by using the cloud at night. My rating is somewhat unfavorable towards it, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than the plot or film-making. The movie aims to please and is the boys' walkers (and girls who love hot women). I think, though, for the most part, the humor falls somewhat flat.
