THIS is certainly a strange way to promote a movie about which a great deal is resting. And it looks like plain suicide on the part of the studio, giving that (1) the foliage between the cast was well known long before the movie released. (2) Cold between producer (Robert Fryer) and Director (Michael Sarne) had common knowledge. (3) The cast made no secret of contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, and daily news from the gleefully series reported by gossip colonists everywhere. <br /> And (4) The author Gore Vidal hated it practically from one day. But that slogan just about his sum. Raquel Welch does <br /> <br /> gives a decent performance as Myra, and it looks nice besides. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner, ex-Cowboy Star who runs a helmet acting academy. Mae West, (in her first appearance since 1943), naturally rewrites her party in her own costume and is great as '' oversexed '' (and this puts it mildly) 'Leticia Talent' Leticia Van Allen. Still, he must have been amazed (after waiting a long time for a good return car) how he ever ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his first movie) is one of '' customers ''. John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also ammended in a short time. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are neither. The same goes for the script, which not only neglected to focus on the basic draw of the book, but looks top to at least three different directions at once. Although the West Party was originally larger, it was reduced to a role of Carmel by time Sarne was in correction. And, partly, it seems to be in a different film. Apparently, at some point, the producers realized that Mae was going to make big draws of the movie, and, unable to replace most of his feet off, they ran back into the series at the end of the second films of his two songs , both from nowhere. The device sarcastic used to send in old movie clips to star paegone emphasizes whatever point he did, does not work at all. Since the movie concludes, all a weary spectator can do is ask what's in hell he's all about. No wonder, just about everyone connected with the production felt the same way, and he died in the box office. An unprecedented technical DVD included, (among other extras) comments separate from both Welch and Sarne, each of them having completely opposed opinions in just what was wrong. No doubt it's video re-release video was pushed by a 2001 'Vanity Fair' 'piece, which tried (in great detail) to do the same. True, the structure of the novel made a screen adaptation of a dizzy enterprise, but, with Sarne at the helm of what was obviously a 'troubled' production, it really never had a chance.
