(I'll point to that review at the point where spoilers start.) My discontent is split: 30% tone deaf, 70% of substandard notes. <br /> <br /> 30% off: I agree to summarize the first comment on the lack of diversity of the characters and the dimensions of their stories. I was surprised, this movie, at best, suddenly reflects the real NYC's presenting a collection of people and relationships so narrow as coming to all as if it remained only by casting gossip girls (this is coming from someone who likes gossip Girl). A few minority characters are written in their stories, but they are not compulsory, while we can see the gears under the film so clearly, try to make "diverse" but fall all-time short. 70% is why everything falls short. All characters, white more a few minor signs, are one dimension, cut out boxes of people concepts. Worse, the interactions with each other are scripted in such a way that for each film vinyl the audience is treated in what I would say is a "gag": we find a substantial core, then some punchline intended for a smart twist. But even if we stop cynicism for a moment they say, "Well, that was a surprise" ... the stories are still not interesting, because they, too, are fundamentally. When you fashion history so that the hinges exist only on the unexpected of the finish, you're writing jokes. <br /> <br /> Spoilers below ... The movie primarily tries to tell romantic stories. That's fine. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complex. These "romantic" stories each featuring a girl and a boy who at some point share the same place and get to each other. Words exchange, thinking are projected in voice-over, but they are just managed to communicate to the audience simply that one person is attracted to another. <br /> <br /> Meaning, no seduction (in the broad sense), there is no tension, neither confrontation nor communion between the additions of two different people trying to reconcile their existence to accommodate the other. The story is only involving a "seduction" superficial said just for the ending audience up being surprised that the guy (Ethan Hawke) gets outwitted by the girl he has hit on, which unexpectedly turns out to be a hooker. Sure, his words when trying to pick him are interesting to hear and we amused as we should if we were around them, but there is nothing in the story of this story outside of " B ". So it unfolds, if something like a postcard can "unfold", and all the other accounts as well: A then B - That is, the only point that they have come to happen " on the series "in Manhattan. By the way, the only Brooklyn we see is drawn to Coney Island; The only queens are the flickering of a train ride taken by a traveling character in the West Village. It's easy to choose from movies that play in all common stereotypes of race, sex, sexual orientation, and so on. _New York, I love You_, however, deserves to be kept in more closely examining the investigation because of its title. We look forward to seeing New York real, and real New Yorkers, but instead we were paraded before our pick is selected in a demographic, its characters fly to the OC, plus someone else makes it SEEM as if we pay attention to diversity. But when we look closer at who these characters are, all the anxiety becomes an affair in the very notion of diversity and ethnicity and film culture in plagiarism. Latino man and the little white girl in the park, who gets mistaken by two ladies as his Manny (Nanny Boy) when in fact he is the father. Although the last stage of this part was needed at a dramatic-performing point of view (it would be far more interesting to finish it when the mother and boyfriend / stepmother strutting the girl away), it is frankly a bit disgusting The scene where we learn to assure the father of Latino girl too must inform us that she is a desirable sexual dancer. What, then, can not just be a guy from South America? Now that it is obviously warm, the audience is better prepared to accept that he has a kid with a medium-in-the-middle-class woman? Are we naive as such? As if a Mexican construction worker would obviously be too unpalatable. <br /> It's not my place to dictate where the movie should go. But in all set-up and draw drawings, the direction of getting raw status status, calls to safety. All these stories could be more interesting, even though we were forced to maintain single-dimensional character of the characters, at least in many of them not selected from standard and obvious stereotypes. Asian girl living in Chinatown being leered in by a white old scraggly guy? How to bout an Asian couple pursuing a white kid instead. Again, I'm not saying that all the conceit must change. It's just that every. modi. story stories. so hacked - and thus fail to convey anything about why one might love New York, outside the trite. The real way to improve the movie should be writing a script worth reading. <br /> I'm going to be the winner of the band, the good rhythm of the movie (though that's being ritual was, well, dredge), and feeling the general in many of the scenes. The film was just fine to sit down, and I would not disguise anyone from doing so. However, saying that the most important homage to pay non-superficiality is when the old opera singer says (paraphrase) "That's what I love about New York: everyone from different places." Well, you would not know it from watching this one.
