It was sixty, and anyone with long hair and a hip, far attitudes could get the money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, director of this flop flop, was able to get the job. Sarne is one of the most gorgeous people ever to give a dollar to a movie. In fact, the whole studio should be fooled by agreeing to hire a guy who did exactly a movie before, a very precious 60's-hip black and white featurette called Joanna. This film started even the actress Genevieve Waite's talentless / waist who could barely speak an entire line without breaking into some feminine or beat-like twitter expressions. Sarne, who was probably incapable of leading a cartoon, never imagined a big-budget Hollywood film, was in the way of herself. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how Sarne's faux-infant girl could pull on the eyes of everyone. If there is ever a historic marker that indicates the superficial and absolute superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides that marker. It defines the dependence and absolute stupidity of a decade that most often recalls for a large sea-change in the political body. Breckinridge is a touchstone in another, equally important vein. Watch this movie and you will find a different perspective on the less-frequent shots mentioned in the minds that are often over for talent during those years. Many reviews have been talked about the cut of feet from other films, especially older ones. Some actually liked these clunky "comments" about what was taking place in the movie, others found them meaningful, annoying, and kneading, though since the movie is so bad itself any intrusion would be a improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarne puts many movie clips at Myra Brekinridge's paper on the insufficiency of the fund in understanding and imagination he has owned. That is, Sarne was so imagined-challenged that she just threw these clips into space and took time. They were not inspirational, they were desperate. His writing abilities were nonexistent, and David Giler wisely stepped away from the project as one might come from a ticking bomb, so Sarne had left to actually try and make a movie, and he could not. It was beyond her thin capability. Hence the introduction of what seems like a half worth of a movie at all in clips. The ghosts of writers and directors - many times since past - have been called on this flopperoo calamity range because Sarne sure that he could not. This was what he came up with on those days he sat on the set and thought for eight hours while threw off all along with crew (not to mention the producers and accountants) cooling their heels and Waiting for something, some big sparks of imagination, a hint of originality, a soupwoman in understanding, to crackle from the head of Zeus. Um, oops. No Zeus + has no imagination + no sparks = millions of small bills and small wings - each made out of hundreds of licensing agreements required to use the clips - to jump out the window. Bye-bye. <br /> As for myself, I hate the movie clips. The Sarne's best-performing lot, poked fun to talented people - even those who did not have great skills - far outstripped the skills of the director and eventually served to show how lacking he was in inspiration, Originality - and even in plain competence - compare even the cheesiest of them.
