Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love big people, and I can honestly say that I've finally seen one of the ever-legendary movie movies: the almost indescribable chaos which is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of Gore Vidal's best selling book (it later decomposed this movie version), the star-studded MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really a movie so bad that it remains obsessively fun from beginning to end. The X-rated movie about sex change operations and Hollywood was an absolute catastrophe in the box office and was literally buoyed on the screen by both critics and audiences at the time of release. Not surprisingly, the film went on to find a near-legendary cure situation among lovers of bad movies, and I was actually quite excited to finally see for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who had only been two other credits before leading his name at the time), took a lot of flack for the movie to finish and, in honesty, it really Does not seem to have a sign of what he tried to achieve. The movie is often incoherent, and the whole sequence edited together in such a half-hazzard way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also disappointing is the daycare of using archival footage from the Fox movie Cave and her necklace in the picture at regular intervals. This means that there are archival footage of recent film stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple Launched at the recent movie-acting scene often, and the process just does not work as intended (this also caused a minor disruption, as Actors such as Temples and Loretta Young count the studio to use the images without permission.) Perhaps Sarne is not only one to blame, however, as the movie scenario and filing will also make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief. For example, this film is asking you to believe that the critical movie Rex Reed (in its first role and its latest film role) might have a sex change operation and positioned as the gay Raquel Welch gay? The movie becomes more difficult to follow when Welch as Myra tries to take on a movie school from her sleazy uncle (played by legendary film director John Huston), seducing a female movie surveillance student (Farrah Fawcett), and teaching bad boys Schoolgirl (Roger Herren) a lesson does not violate her with a dildo on dildo. Did everyone follow that? <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have yet to mention the top-bill movie star: legendary screen sex symbol of the seventeenth-thirty, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she retired for 26 years), and apparently she still considers herself to be a formidable sex symbol as she plays an upscale talent that has hunky people ( including a young Tom Selleck) throwing themselves into it. As if this was not bad enough, the tone-deaf West actually made two songs recently written about half of the movie, and I think I could endure permanent brain damage from listening to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, none of this seems to be something that any of reasonable flavors would describe as "good," but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it was still morbid entertaining even when I had no idea what the hell was supposed to be going on. Also, most of the throw will try really hard. Raquel, in particular, appeared so hell-bent in turning his part wrong-writing into something that is meaningful to read one-handedly succeed in making the movie worth seeing. If he only works with a decent movies and directors can then he might finally have got some criticisms of respect. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also fine. John Huston's over-the-top (which really should have led the photo) has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is cool-faced with likable. Roger Herren is fine, but he never appeared in another movie afterwards (I guess he just could not live down being the guy who was reminded by Raquel Welch). And as anyone might guess from the above description, Mae West was totally out of his mind when he agreed to make this movie - but that's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love evil cinema.
