Rarely seen since theatrical theater in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE became a byword for Cinemas debate in legendary proportions. Now the latest DVD in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is as easy to win today's wide audience as it was when first released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was a satirical dark statement. Most filmists felt that novel stories, structures and tones in general would not translate films, and industry initiatives were amazed at Fox's 20th century not only acquired the rights, but also hired Vidal to adapt his novel to the screen. But studio executives were soon cold: Vidal's adaptation was repeatedly rejected and initiated by writer Michael Sarne bringing the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> Exit Studio was hoping that Sarne would tap into the youth market as a target for the movie but Sarne proved even more out of synch with the material than the top executives. Write on rewrite tracking. The cast, some disasters, has become increasingly combative. In his DVD comment, Raquel Welch's star says he rarely had any idea about what Myra's motive was from the stage scene or even in any one scene itself, and that every one involved seemed to be make a totally different movie. In the "Back Story" documentary, Rex Reed says MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a bunch of people in the dressing room while waiting for the lawyers to return the calls. In the comments are demonstrated by the film itself. The basics of Vidal's history have, but not only has the story been torn in all wider implications, it seems no point in and in itself. All run in the direction of multiple, no interconnected, and many scenes cut off whatever logical scene before they might have been. And while Sarne said repeatedly stated in his comment that he wanted to make the film as pure mascarade, the only laughs they produced were crashing. <br /> <br /> Chief among these casualties is Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly preserved in appearance and that he has lost any of his ways with one-liner - but no getting around the fact that he's in his sixties, and his conviction that he is still the trick The sexiest of leather shoes is very unsettling, they say at least. But worse, really, is the fact that West is out of era. Its efforts translate itself into a hip and happiness personality result in one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen on film. <br /> <br /> The remaining cast is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significantly underestimated actress, plays the title role in Myra much like a Barbie doll on steroids; Rex Reed non-actor is unexpectedly effective in Myron's role, but the role of all is essentially without point. Only John Huston and John Kamerine, Jim Backus, William Hopper, and Andy Devine comedians appear relatively unscathed. Yes, it's really that everyone involved in the movie was scared it would be: fast when it should slow down, slow when it should be fast, relentlessly unfunny from start to finish. It is true that the director of Sarne has the occasional inspirational idea - as in his use of movie clips at everyone from Shirley Temple Judy Garland to create counterpart in the action - but not with great, each time Sarne was presented with a choice of how to do something it seems to have made the wrong one. <br /> <br /> How and why in which is made clear in Sarne's audio comment. Sarne did not like the novel, or, for that matter, the subject in general. He did not want to write the scenario, but he needed the money; He said he did not want to direct the film, but he needed the money. He made it very clear that he is being author of Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he outright claims that Reed is "not a nice person"), and that day he considers Vidal and Reed to work in the tandem film sabotage because He refused to play in the homosexual agenda - which, when you come right down to her, seems to have been the desires that Sarne actually Vidal's movie movie rather than her own weirdly imagine taking-off on her. <br /> Although she spends a fair amount of time comments stating that the film is largely love by the gay community, Sarne never quite seems to understand that the appeal of the movie for a gay audience comes from His identity is ridiculous in homosexual men. Taken in tandem with the film itself, Sarne appears as more than a little homophobic - and quite honestly the worst choice of writers and directors that might have been made for this project. Sarne and Welch reviews and make-through documentaries, the DVD release includes several trailers and two versions of the movie: a "release theater" version and a "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the final scene of the restored version "was printed black and white. The previous editions of the movie going to release were not restored, but the details of the documentaries were widescreen. Two of them are remarkably good and the sound is quite fine but at the end of which I started, this is indeed a movie that will be the most important film historian film, movie film, and movie theater fans. I give it three out of five stars Their own sake, but everyone else should pass it by. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Review
