MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the rare films that set its place in movie history immediately. Praise the movie was absolutely nonexistent, even from people involved in doing it. This film was loathed out in one day. While every now and then one will come across some Maverick who will praise the film on philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the problem of transgenderism), the film has not developed a cult like track floristic notorious flops. It is not considered as a masterpiece compromised like SCARFACE, or scrambled out to be ridiculous as a classic camp like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly the film is, though extremely awful, is not lovable, or even likable. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just plain mean. As a Hollywood satirical cold-blooded and mean-dynamic, but in a most pointless way. MYRA takes on granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes further to attack like beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to mean that everything about Hollywood is not its old nature. It seems to think there is something naturally vital about sacred cows mock, but it does not give a reason to make the mock in the first place. The film is also viskously anti-American and anti-aging and anti-this and anti-that, but all of a superficial, late-1960, trendy way. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other spice-hips, MYRA is a middle vision of hippie-dippy genital culture. He tries to embrace the mood so much that he belittles. But instead of being self-motivated, MYRA does not make any attempt to hide it from anything that comes from it. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a bully humor; there's not a moment of innocence in it. Its intentions are not honorable. The TIME magazine described it as "comic as a molten child," but it's not as sympathetic. For example, poor Mae West made the brunt of many of the critics aimed at film, being described as looking like everything from an aging queen to a reanimated market body. The octogenarian star obviously did not know just how ridiculous she looked to play a brilliant silver lustrous agent after young men enough to be his grandson or even grand-grandson. But the director Michael Sarne knew, but he used it anyway. Why? Because it was apparently the joke. Just like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran performers in the film, they only have the movie to mock their age and use them in their movie filters. They are cast like smarmy self-parody, as is Rex Reed, arrogant, cruel movie film, who is cast as just in the movie. But the real reed, the celebrity hound, jet-setting, talk gossip show, can be good in a obnoxiously funny way; but as Myron, Myra has changed months, it is just obnoxious. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> You look at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will accuse Welch of being a great actress, but he is a supporter of his tenacity and calls on him to survive this film and his career well. When you were in almost every stage, Welch was front and center as a target for abuse aimed at the movie, but in her credit, she gave a remarkably nuanced performance. Though, of course, centered between the Huston and the Westernmost melting landscape almost the same size, the Welch does not have much to strike a good balance. Even so, he makes it horribly unfunny dialogue with a Smirk crash, and just the hint of self-right glee that would make any James Bond proud. Legend has it that Welch was snubbed by a West condescending and undergoing repeated verbal abuse on the series by bumbling director Sarne, not to mention being taped in one scene degraded after another, making it all the more remarkable that he could Give these a cool performance and pick up. <br /> <br /> The only elemental movie is the intrigue trying to figure out just that movie's agenda. The whole story is a fab fantasy, which should indicate that it has a moral to deliver, but that might be to guess anybody. With all of its talk about destroying the "latest vestigial trials of traditional manhood from the race," it would seem to be a feminist ax bullshit. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous face, a sexual predator. Moreover, Myra is not a woman, rather it is a arrogance of Myron, which is presumably a gay male. This would explain the boy's rape scene as well as the love / hatred attitude towards the macho, seemingly right, deadrust Rusty, but he does not explain his reader to supposedly readily portrays the Mari Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be charged for being in favor of the sexual revolution; All sectors are treated like they were, if not dirty, than at least perverse and degraded. Gore Vidal's original film and novel is not in any aid, because it is as confused and freewill as the movie. And this is a rare movie that actually seems to hate movie theater. Not only movies as a business but movies as part of the culture as well. The film itself is the wall-to-wall reference of old films, all of which director-senarist Sarne approaches with a seething deden. It has invaded the 20th-century film graves and Fox's film pepper and off of old films, not as a homage or giving a social comment, but to mock the innocent of old Hollywood. How an artist - if you generously want to call Sarne - to perform a work of art if he has already hated the very medium he works in? The very effort is totally self-defeating. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to favor anything other than being just embarrassing. He hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates gays and straights with women and men and old men and young people with Laurel and Hardy and, well, you name it and probably have a scandalous scene for her. In a very sad and regret way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk manifestation, a celebration of pop culture nihilism.
