"Mistress of the Craft" Celeste works as an agent for the London branch at the Interpol Bureau 17, which specializes in (I think) criminal oxidation. He owns the eye of destiny, good in his hand, dangerous if anyone else got it. <br /> <br /> Office 17 has held a Satanist from California, Hyde (no relationship with Dr. Jekyll). Detective Lucy Lutz at LAPD flies to England to bring her back to the United States. Lutz is the connection to the earlier magic films, played by Stephanie Beaton before Magix 9. In part 7, Lutz was played by another woman; At 6, Lutz was a man! Lutz's party at 9 was not terribly, but it's one of the main stars in this one. Even though she left behind her high heels and short skirts, she still has to reveal herself to this one. And this time around it has nude and sex scenes. Beaton is very appealing to the role. As usual, there are a number of sex scenes. An anonymous clubgoer has a fatal threesome with two vampires, Satanist and vampire head to get it on with some kink, Lutz finds an English palace, and Celeste and his boyfriend make love. The magic series, Spanner, will not appear in this one, although Lutz mentions it to Office 17 agent Dixon in a conversation about vampires. He also calls his partner Detective Garner (Part 6, 7, and 9), even if we do not hear the end of the conversation. Hyde was out of prison in a group of vampires led by Raven, for a Walpurgis ceremony that has something to do with a god called Morsheba (I think). Hyde delivers all its lines in a very tasty manner, while Raven passes on a report card. The scene fights are strongly choreography. The audio in the movie was very poorly recorded, and poorly edited. In addition, some dialogues are lost under blaring or mermaid music. Cinema is not great either. Having the movie put in and actually shot in the UK was a bit of a gift though, at least for this series. Wendy Cooper is a good thing like Celeste; Attractive, certainly, but most importantly it is easy to the best actor in the movie (bad fight scenes despite). I'm quite surprised his filmography is so small. If there is ever a magic XIV, and I'd bet there, they should bring it back, even if it means flying to California! <br /> <br /> Magic X is available on its own, or in the collection DVD Hotter than hell along with magic XI and two associated movies.
