I bought a series of 4 DVDs for 10 bucks at my local Suncoast, which contained this movie with three other trichy horror tricks (including its sequel "Magi Xi"). So basically I pay the price under rock at $ 2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. I can not exactly say I was torn off. I have something for gambling horror films, but this is the type of garbage that trash a bad name. The budget could not exceed $ 1,000 (though it looks as if they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget film, but this is not an excuse for totally uninspired camerawork. The film "Blood Culture," but not very good, made for an extremely low budget and still has fairly good camerawork and act. Acting in this film is the definition of "easy," especially in which muscular guys and accents in Texas. Everyone is pretty much reading the lines on the page. You can take that figurative or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off-camera as they did. I said before I never saw a bad English actor. This movie has some bad people. Even though English movies are not always good, they always seem to have at least one level of sophistication, which is why I do not see why any English, or English woman, volunteered to make a flick-home-style cops like this. Is ivory merchant wearing a holding on the appeals? Generally, I think people are too hard about directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have some level of professionalism in the director, acting and cinematographic departments. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter" you can not honestly say it looks like a third-class shot shot of these scenes (though a third-class could have written the script). I saw home movies being shot better than "Witchcraft X," and that's no exaggeration too. Even the Gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood on sale in Party City. There was not a single effort put in making this movie - let's just sum it up like that. You get the picture. There's a good deal of stripping, though that does not save it. However, I must say that the girl and the red-orange hair, who's either naked or wearing a fence-popping outfit in the movie, is really hot! <br /> My Score: 1 (from 10)
