I saw this movie literally directly after finishing the book, and maybe that was a neutral idea or a very stupid one. I think it was the letter. First of all, it was correct in very small, important details yet. One of the first things I noticed was during Winston's day of work life, his conversation, eating in the cafeteria, etc. It feels free to look happy and remind the suggestion of people without fear. One of the most important parts of the book was that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even a hint of true true emotions on his face ANYONE. This is also shown in the scenes on the streets of the proletarions. In the book Winston knew that this was a big risk to wander around and was uncertain and frightening in every trip. While in the movie, it does it often and without fear, that you lose the important feeling of heavy surveillance and risk right off the bat. <br /> <br /> Other minor blunders include Winston hiding her diary to the wall, yes a very small change, but it begs the question, what's the point? There was also the worst thing a director can do with a book, and that's morphing character. <br /> <br /> Major anxieties have been far more disturbing, however. First of all, one of the important pieces in the book is that Big Brother is a government based on a clever, yet filthy philosophy. In the movie, they skip this and go straight to make you think the government is running by Hitler and technology. Which is true, in a sense, when directed to its facial, but if that's all you get from Big Brother, you really miss the point in the book. Fear of Big Brother is that, in a way, it has some points behind its philosophy. When O'Brien will advance to Winstons Head of the Ministry of Love, it is LISTENING for everything Winston says against Big Brother. The fact that he listened, and progress toward his philosophy, is the most creepy and intriguing effect. In the end, (SPOILER watch ahead) when Winston says he likes Big Brother, this foolish thing is that you're not sure he's been screaming with torture that caused this, or the actual power behind philosophy a. I never said that Big Brother's philosophy has points that appeals to me, but its intelligence and depth is what makes this book incredibly disturbing. Also, how can anyone feel any connection between Julia and Winston in the movie? It was terrible, no connection too. <br /> And where was O'Brien before he gave Winston his address? One of the things that brought the book was Winstons thinking about O'Brien before making contact with him. In the movie, they just jump the gun. <br /> But what about the sum why this movie was a terrible adaptation: because its impossible does not skip the weapon and morph character in less than two hours. How did someone think that this film was watching if it was under two hours? At the very least, the movie requires 3 hours to be able to take some of the important humor and connections. Anything less is just pointless. If you love the book, and I mean TRULY worship it, you will not approve of this movie, and the odds you already know you would not. Because the book is unfilmable, and this film just proves how impossible it is to bash something decent in a small reel of films. <br /> <br /> Two stars from ten
