I was not really fond of the first movie "Cube". It was a good idea, but animated acting and character always kept me from being overpowered. Did not really feel the need to see its end, but when I heard they did a third movie that could act as much of an original prequel. I was intrigued, thinking that perhaps they would fix some of the original problem and provide us with a memorable cast of characters. Well I thought wrong. <br /> <br /> "Zero Cube" begins quite well by introducing us to the two characters in charge of watching and keeping the never-ending maze of the human calamity traps in the cube. Filmists are successful in providing a sense of mystery and the establishment of the daily routine of the person. Several questions are created in it, concerning the reason why people are sent here and also the true nature of those who run the whole operation. All of them are entirely the viewer. The act was a bit weak but all in the first half of the film moved relatively well. With the moving story, one of the two "monitors" begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing. And later decided to go and help a group of people blocked. Here is where everything is rapidly starting to melt in dough cheese. <br /> <br /> Sent by people who run the Cube program to feature them "Jax". Together and undergoing her plays a great reason why this film is failure. To begin with "Jax" looks like more talks like a cruel third rate taken directly to a James Bond movie filled with ever-popular "ice" eyes, which alone breaks any atmosphere created by relatively high speeds la. What's more is that it starts to feel more like a comedy than a serious movie. With some incredibly shaken lines, perhaps the scenario was bored and did not care. The act itself degrades at a lower bar when the former "oversee" meets the group in the cube. The whole interaction is painful to look like it's all else afterwards. <br /> <br /> Again fail to impress on anything but weak characters, dialogue and acting "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those who seek a good horror movie.
