but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of Princess Disney's movie, but for the worst movie the company did throughout Walt's life. The music is really nice, and the story deserves to be called "classic." What's missing in this movie are the characters, particularly the title character, who can only be called the "heroine" in the loosest sense of the theme. After a brief prologue, the audience is presented to Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings "A dream is a heart to you." This established it as an idealist (and thus deserved of our liking). Unfortunately, the script gives us no sign of what it is dreaming about. Freedom in the Role of His Servant? The respect of his family-stage? Someone to talk to the mouse and the birds? In one song (cut from the movie but presented in the special features section of the latest DVD) Cinderella relates her wish that she might have lots of it so she could do her job much more effectively. You go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very bold character. She passively accepts her family-based abuse, escaped from her unspoken dream for relief. She only pretends to herself once by reminding her wife that she is still a member of the family. For that, he gave permission to go the ball if he completed his work at home and found something to wear, a sign gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine being like a doormat? If Cinderella is mature, her male counterpart is nothing short of death. The Prince of Cinderella has no dialogue with almost no time screen. We do not give any indication if it is a good person, if he respects Cinderella or anything. All we know is 1) it's a masterpiece and 2) it's dance well. Heck, even the chief from "Snow White" has come to sing a romantic song at least. Not only this lack of development makes the romantic less interesting, it makes Cinderella look like either a social climber or someone idiot, can undermine self-esteem. <br /> <br /> Perhaps to accomplish how with the main characters, Animator has chosen to give too much screen time to the comic movie relief, Cinderella's friends, mice. Granted, these characters are fun. Even so, when the funny relief steals the director's show, well, let's just say your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as "chefs". While many are, some do not deserve this call in any way. Cinderella is a prime example in this reality.
