After the liberation of Cubic 2: Hypercube (2003), and playing in the alleged success of the original cube (1998), Director Ernie Barbarash took the liberty of bringing us the third installment of the trilogy, prequel the Zero Cube. > <br /> Deep in the bowels of a giant and anonymous institution, time and place unknown, low-ranking operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit down and observe the behavior monitors those who put them in a giant network of cubic rooms, some of which rigged with death traps. Told that the people are being convicted of false accusations that have chosen this terrible and mortal agitation on a lethal injection, these observers had no problems with their work until Wynn, a math genius, discovered that one of the prisoners, a Woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) never agrees to put inside the cube. Suddenly he realizes that perhaps their "work" is not similar, and that they can be part of something very sick and twisted ... <br /> For those who have seen and enjoy the original cube, this prequel will probably not be your taste. It's not that the story has no potential; it's simply that the first Cube movie never needs to be expanded on. Standing alone, it is a pretty little psychological thriller and very interesting concept with a certainty about its own message. It was also nicely independent. The problem with Zero cubes is that it destroys some of the mystic of the original, trying to answer questions with more questions, but only really causing a mess in what never need fixing. <br /> What this new movie has to offer, which is the question of the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, certainly are good questions to be raised, but probably should have done that on their own merits, rather than as a continuation of a movie that has not had such Aspirations. <br /> Having this, other features of the movie, such as acting and writing and writing, are not awful. There is a weak, black look of the analogues of films such as 'The Matrix' and 'Dark City', and they have certainly managed to recapture the clostrophob feel of the first cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save it.
