If you've ever wanted to see a film that insist style on substance, this is for you. For me, Son of Mar is nice to see, but there's precious little substance, unless mawkish, melodramatic, manipulative Yarns loves to turn you over. This can be one of the most popular 'Chick flicks' people you've heard about. <br /> We are about half way in this movie before anything really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes out to sea looking for tune, and does not return, leaving his wife Martina (Leonor Watling) and their children to fend for heads them. Then, in a six minute fury of time screen, buried Ulises, Martina married again, and her son grew up in childhood. This quick transformation is jarring, to say the least, and very sloppy: After 40 minutes of more or less hanging around, we're suddenly in full blown melodrama, all in six minutes. I think this is called wayward astride. Five years later, Ulises (as in the superhero superhero Ulysses wandering, find it?), Returning to 'Penelope' (Watling) only to get married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), a guy Inexplicably rich (what does it make to earn all that flour?) Which inexplicably hold crocodile as pet. When Martina, in anger, questioned Ulises about his absence, she told her that she would take her to the island of Sumatra a day and she will understand everything. <br /> And here's the thing: it does not take it to the island of Sumatra. The reference just dies somewhere in the script. He does not really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and children for five years. He does not find himself as a honorable guy, and the film does not fill in the drawn holes that are set on us for at least half of the movie. I can only assume that the principal Bigas Luna wants us to fill in the story lines and the mystical clues (fish, reptiles, sea) it offers enchanting magnificence and evacuation dialogue. It just does not work. The 'arc' note on this movie ends up looking more like a wobbly clothesline. <br /> I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I just could not buy his Ulises as any kind of hero (which is what the original Ulysses was supposed to). With humid sensuality, she sprouts a stab of identical poetry from Virgil about 2,000 times and each and every time she tries Martina explosive orgasm. This guy should rent out to reinvigorate stale marriage. I'm sure Virgil should be impressed. He did not find it as often as I understood it. This poetic 'device' figure is important to the movie, and I had no choice but to assume it was a cancellation of sex in famous sirens 'Ulysses' songs (meaning beautiful seductively sung-song silly girls , which ended if they answered, well, called mermaids). If this is what Bigas Luna is up to, you can see the problem - it has offered complicated symbols to a hack-and-grab attempt at High Art. Again, it just does not work, at least in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but it gives us a character here that does not seem to be very intellectual or even romantic depth. She is beyond me how she could desperately fall in love with a guy who sports a sign for rent on her face (as in empty), 1960s-style hair oil that looks more like seaweed, and one of these trendy 21st Century barrels' (you know, growth of four days, no more, no less). He was supposed to be a kind of dream of guys (I think), but those eyes in his suggested he might suffer more from overexposure to a preposterous script. <br /> But do not despair, this movie is a great look at. Just do not try to connect the dots on the red or excessive thoughts about what you are listening to in the path of dialogue. You can make a loss of fast-throwing on this movie (particularly in the first 40 minutes) and you really will not miss a lot.
