Steven Vasquez has directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this unusual little comic movie horror com with very good intentions and intentions: making a gay movie that takes a different storyline than the usual fare and making a drama who wants to be judged on his merits as a thriller. So why does not it work? For movie starters to lose direction from the opening frame and wandering rather aimlessly throughout the movie, dying puts on a suspension thriller but getting tight to meet an audience who wants to see nude encounters. Not that is a bad thing: it can certainly improve some Hollywood success stories. The film tries to talk about experiences from young men and women, relationships, affected parents, club clubs and all wild antics that accompany these events - and murder. It's all a bit of bashing in a 96-minute movie. Devon (James Townsend) by all appearances is a successful kid with a Jenna kind of girlfriend (Sarah Kelly), but she has an eye for boy and visits a bar where she met Brian (Alex Wilson) who descended the path even and can offer devon assistance on each level. Bond, Devon comes out, and the mysteries begin: the boys are missing from the neighborhood, Devon psychologist Dr. Devon. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not all she looks to be and despite the consolation of Mom Devon Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon thrown into the streets because of his new relationship. It seems Dr Tyler is in a black business with Houndky Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who apparently investigates the missing boys ... Devon gathers its resources from Jenna's understanding to companion and his mates and set of groups reveals the dark make of Dr. Tyler and his detective sidekick. And in it all Donna spread heat and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little sight not to examine frequently!) But the degree of acting is at an ever-low level. The only thing that makes us forgive (and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of everyone involved. Yes, this is a low budget film and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end there is something to be said for the participants to try to take a gay movie at a different level. Maybe the next one will be more polished. Grady Harp
