This movie really, I mean really, sucks. It has found such traces of holes, and 30 feet of dragons can fit into them. Not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst computer ever to be placed on the real movie. I mean, when you see something like this, you have to think "Wow, someone actually made this movie. Then he released it. Anyone, I'm sure they do not work in the movie business again. <br /> When I hired this movie, it was not in DVD, so I (reluctantly) took it out on video. The first thing that appeared was a Lord of the Rings Trailers The two tower towers were a very smart move, putting this trailer on the video, and justifying my (reluctant) movie to 1 star, otherwise I would give it to zero stars. Maybe the producers though attraction In the star of Dean Cain (I think that's how you spell it) would draw in the crowd (uh, in the video store that is). Next They worked technically split screens (like the Hulk) in (I assume) To compensate for this an atrocity of this piece of crap film is on the box cover, we see a picture of our hero, and the dragon. Is the dragon looking exactly like the one of Dragonheart, or is it just me? Any way, the dragon in the movie seems like a rejection from gremlins 2, and has the CGI of a wicked video game Nintendo from the early 90's (maybe worse). Also, by dragging the dragon as it pursues its victims-it's the same ## cking monotonous right-foot, left, right-left, dom, dom, dom dom, Dom f # $ king DOOOOOM! This just pisses me there. Perhaps the filmmakers thought this would be thrilling and they would have the same effect in Jaws. Why not have a Dragon Pik shot. Either way, that was just funny, much like watching a weebl toon. <br /> Dean Cain grieves in the movie (maybe his coming and the fact that this movie can end his career). Do not expect Superman here. The first time I saw the trailer for this film, I thought it was an add to a PS2 game. As for the story, it's so bad, my 5 year old brother can come up with the best ones even when he was unconvincingly trying to lie about why he was pity around my room while I was not there. Oh, and I mentioned that I'm F @ # KING HATE who made this incredible STUPID STRAPES atrocious movie? !!!
