... and not in a great way. BASEketball is a garbage of the movie most every single way. It is offensive in all their senses. This does not necessarily hurt me, I've seen many bad movies, really bad movies before and will see them again. BASEk Ball is even a movie movie where you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting in it. The purpose of my BASEketball is that it stars Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. Any respect I had for David Zucker has long depleted. His latest parody film is lazy flaws that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pibesan boy sneaker in penis jokes. "Aircraft" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, watching BASEketball you will be surprised to discover that they did not even. <br /> I have great respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These are the funniest and smartest comedy of mainstream entertainment today. The photos and South Park episodes are as important as they are funny. Each joke even fart jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I imagine BASEketball was a great growing experience for hating the movie for all the right reasons. It is a stupid mess that has no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have been self-esteeming. The movie plays as a 90 minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actor. They served in the films. I can not really find a way to describe their performance at BASEketball, other than the fact that it feels like spoofing a movie perfectly spoofing a parody movie. Each line is delivered in such an incredible comic way. It's like trying to make fun of the worst of these kinds of pictures and yet they become in the same way. I remember in the South Park episode "How to Eat and Seal" where Cartman sat in a movie theater watching a gross trading with no plot or plausibility except for gross out, Parker and Stone using the same voice they made this scene for this whole picture. Really it's sad. <br /> But that's not my problem with BASEketball. My bigger bigger and the picture is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are deliberately following this piece of script script. I know that if they have taken the damn thing and rewrote it that this could be saved to the point of being lookable. There are no indications that Zucker lets them improve either stage. Parker and Stone are simply tools to a bad director. BASEkball has some funny concepts and I think Parker especially if it was allowed to take Zuckers script to be able to devise more. Instead we get humor toilets. By renting BASEketball you can get the laughs at watching a group of classmate playing jumble
