I gave this movie a 5 out of pure pity. My intent is not to burst anyone, because I've seen, as I have been fitted in other comments, that this film is well appreciated. Well, it's not worth any praise, and I say this because I've seen the original original, Basilisk, and this movie is shamed by it deeply. Perhaps if you see Shinobi alone, you would like it. It is enjoyable due to the well-choreographed battles, based on more fantasy than on martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply strengthened. But the story has nothing like the original. Now I understand that when one transforms an anime / manga into a movie, one must make certain changes. I did not expect to see the freakish characters from the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some are really deeply and well-organized. But I certainly did not expect to see immense and malicious changes, which basically ruin the entire story. Characters that dramatically and ethically mutilated, transform into something the public might love more, maybe. For example, Oboro, who, in the anime is a sweet, innocent girl, completely and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful tribe leader in the movie. I loved the fact that the woman gets strong and avoids the boundaries imposed on her by the era (we are talking about Japan, 17th Century), but her mood changes are incredible and seriously written. Hotarubi, which is one of my favorite characters in the movie, but who is not known for its nature and sensitive nature, becomes a little pathetic girl who is not just not madly in love as the anime but is more or less worthless in the draw. I could go over and over, like how to make Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character of the animation, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke, the leading character looks completely misplaced and confused Not to mention, yet wak. The music is beautiful and the image is surprising, which is expected in a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it for that. But do not watch this if you've seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, and horror elements and largely exaggerated is splendid and has many more depths of its characters, scenarios, historical value and is, I can say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe he kept on going after what was supposed to be the highest score. Alas, she paints me deeply as a movie so harshly, but I advise you against it. Please watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk really is not watching the animation. Otherwise you will have a seizure when you realize how they have been massacred.
