I suppose that today this movie is important because it was an early Sofia Loren movie. It was 19 years when the film was born in 1953. I saw this movie because I wanted to see some of Sofia's early works. I was amazed when it came to camera that had her skin bronzes over in brown makeup similar to a princess of Ethiopia. Surely, today, this might be considered a slur and to be avoided in making films. She actually came annoying to watching Ms. Loren in the color of the paint throughout the film. Yes, this movie would be best if opera singers made this movie. Then the song and actual facial gestures of the real artists would be apparent. I discounted the reviews by others about whether the real opera singers are older and heavier in weight. <br /> <br /> As beautiful as Ms. Loren was at age 19 and still is today, the film would have been best received as though she was born on the scene. After all, we do not see beautiful young people on stage and "old opera singers" back singing songs from behind the curtain! Do not discount the success of using heavy-weight opera singers. One only has to refer to the most common commercial commercial commercials for J. G. Wentworth Company and opera singers on song singles for professional praise in the company's product. This is one of the best and entertainment TV commercials produced by date. The quality of print film also makes this output of a kind a bit smaller. The color ink will change significantly and can not help. <br /> To enhance this movie on the DVD production company should add English translations so that our non-Italian speakers can know what the lyrics are saying. It would help the story and teach it more than the narrator who gives 30 seconds of introduction to the scenes. <br /> Watch this movie not because of the story of Aida nor the fact that this is an opera. Aside from Miss Sofia Loren, she does not know neither her actor nor this writer. Instead, watch this movie if you are a fan of Mrs. Loren and want to see her at age 19 - no matter what the output. <br /> <br /> Larry from Illinois
