It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her career as illustrated at the age of 36 and this ridiculous mistake-identifying marital romp. From success of his first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's mastermind "Ninotchka" (1939), where he was ideally cast as a Russian Sendika envoy, Garbo reunited with his leading Melvyn Douglas for a sitcom-level story that has played it Karin Borg, a plain-Jane Ski Instructor who has been involved in involvement in releasing the executive Larry Blake when he gets hit with him. Once she's clear that her job is prioritized, Karin inadvertently decides Masquerade as her high-living career Katherine tested her husband's fidelity when she returned to Manhattan. <br /> It's surprising that this malignant infamous 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to his dramatic performance at the 1937 "Camille", because this is how unflattering a car like one might imagine for the legendary screen. Only a person with natural sense of Carole Lombard at ease and misfortune could have gotten away and the chains are presented in the by-number script by S.N. Behrman, Salka Quarter and George Oppenheimer. The MGM's intent behind this comedy was contemporary and induced by the Garbo image for hearings during the war heads of the studio were not interested in his tragic periodic characters that were favored by the thirty. However, Garbo appeared sick-at-ease mainly as part of the fairy-tale Katherine girl and especially compared to expert attracts such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as her rival Griselda rival. Photos unflatteringly by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired of many scenes and outright scarcely in her hairstyle teasing her for the dance chica-choca dance. The story ends conventionally but with the addition of a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skiing on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminded me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point in his career) show up in the comic supporting role as Douglas' associates. This film is not yet on DVD, and I would not consider its priority for transfer as it represents a Curio in the otherwise legendary Garbo career. It was reported to be happy during the filming. I can see why.
