You might be a bit confused if you look this funny-made for the beginning, since the credit list Susan Dey as "Star Guest Special." For, why would a one-off MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself paying attention to the little other but dear Ms. Dey's Wiggling, wiggling in a flower bikini as the "House of Patridge" Babe's bold house on the beach which is titled imaginative title. Susanne's backbone is especially compelling when she shakes it in the camera while tapping with her pseudo-chewed brother charges him in a mildly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and his Tush fight a lost battle: The jiggle-TV craze that might have been put down by the head was the three years, so that sweet loot just got a support role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put that back right out and used this sticker as Susan's Cassette Audition for Charlie's Angels. As is, our Susan refused to immortality cheese and was solved for a very laudable career playing sweet play, women nicotics. <br /> <br /> The view beyond Heinie Susan, it must be said, is not very compelling. The scenery is beautiful, with pictures in a bizarre way, evil that temporarily fools you into thinking may be some curious creative intelligence to work behind the camera. Nope. It's just an alleged 70-year-made TV show that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra cash (and collecting some residual cable even though they obviously did not know that at the time) and showing off the "range "Here we are treated to a television-scale nuclear family, quadrant off against TV-scale patients who can not decide whether they have a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (so the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies) and never learned one of the main lessons of TV 1970: not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "duel"). The only potential for the depth of this movie is in the aforementioned genre-son Steve, played by the forgotten time (if ever-remembered) Kristoffer Tabori, who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and may feel some sympathy for and attraction of the villainous crowd (supposedly) threatening his family. But Steve, as played by Tabori (gosh, why we do not see more of this wunderkind?), Is actually just grumpy and moody and not one bit of controversy when big D gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (with literal) sand. For the private sleep with Susan Deyniacs (there are some of you out there) only.
