Then movie play on TV you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you need to see. History is about two couples from Arkansas who go on a journey together in Reno. Couple number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with her marriage. Her wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a self-opinion in herself and was not intimate in a long time. Lonnie was sleeping with candy (Charlize Theron) who is the wife of her best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the map of them remains in one luxurious suite. Roy and Candy tried to have a baby and finally candy discovered that she was pregnant. But Roy's phone physician in Arkansas and found that he's sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affairs and now the whole journey is in disarray. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and he has made a few other low budget films but this is his first and a cast this impressive one. Unfortunately Brady does not show much comedy flair but you can not put all the blame on it. This script is just not funny and one of the blatant issues is that the characters are all written at a sitcom level. Just because they all come from the south does not mean they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character does not have bellboy sophistication more than a dollar. And Swayze's character is called stupid and mute by everyone in the movie and one of the rare moments comes when he asks everyone to put him for at least a day. Penelope Cruz pops up as a prostitute and she's a totally worthless and pointless belief. It barely speaks over 3 or 4 lines! I think he has filed a binding Harvey and Bob Weinstein who is executive producer for this movie. The only person who is actually not bad is Richardson. We look to him more confident in himself, but this plotline of the film is very obvious and cliché. All of these actors should know better and hard to figure out that they all read the script and love it. It's a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they paid. As for the viewers, you do not get paid so jumping this one!
