(Scripture David H. Steinberg) seemed to initially have some real smart points that could have made good romantic comedy, but oh, oh dear! What has ever happened to the road ??? !!!! <br /> I'll tell you what happened. Originally it's (Animal House - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). Although that was long time ago, but these are the pioneers, the godfathers of the new genre: the young boy comedy. Then the 1990s came. After the important cases that hit smash (the repelled ones I add) such as (Child Trouble - 1990), (Dumb and Dumber - 1994), (Professor Nutty - 1996), and (There's Something About Mary - 1998) which I think the slackers affected, had the head of the era and the Prophet in the next era, the one and only: (American Pie - 1999) in the undoubted and unmistakable icon of the genre. After that I think every comedy of what kind has got to be very dirty, as nasty laughs, to be admired by the young otherwise it might be out of fashion! <br /> I believe slackers had a clever first scheme as a script, then its musicians had to capture some huge amount of money: rudeness, dirty, strange sex sense to be made - in those days - as easy as pie! Like they had to fill out any scene with free elements such as: masturbation, oral sex, urine .. just to look at a fashion '. They are necessary elements necessary in the story but surely they are so necessary to make their profits, and catch the latest vogue in teenage sex. The problem is in how all those who have already replaced any possible comedy in it. <br /> <br /> Some of the time it looks literally horrible, and that's how you see it is the point. It's all in (Jason Schwartzman) in similarity to performance; unmistakably disgusting to the utmost. So the ambition transforms from being romantic comedy to doing what has not done before in pure image outfit. For more like a horror where ever you are asking; What nastier would happen? (vomiting, farting, etc.); These are the easiest combinations to create a comedy nowadays. Though even if you hated it you had to love something (especially for being dark), for me it was only Gina Gershon's scene scene. Regardless of how they made it as a whole realize that they were immigrant-for-ebony, like a naughty teenage dream. Even though most of it was near anybody's nightmare. <br /> <br /> What makes me sad is that this one in its core was a real work potential, and not another cheap, another stupid comedy as it eventually managed to be. Remember the details of the test thief (the first 2 minutes), so draw the main movie (weirdo trying to reach a girl by black guy guy) in the model of (boys love girls, and girls love another boy) because save that, he has nothing but a snooping cock. He faced with his bundling material in little way of college dirty boy, who has nothing to do, but makes mawkish quip from anything, would do. It ended like they were, and I'm sorry to say to him, a smile * t! <br /> <br /> At the end it has said something (you can imagine!) about how it's the time and the place also for the impostor or slack in to win, totally like this comedy itself . It sounds good again to totally another movie; which could assure my opinion on this one as one smart .. Once! And it does not need much to understand that the movie makers were the real slackers! Perhaps being stupid is a way to be clever in Hollywood, but though .. The final result here was not at least witty by any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> PS: his scriptwriter (David H. Steinberg), who wrote the story (American Pie 2) as well, has a main page of the IMDb where you'll find under the "Other Details "usual" keyword "which is: Sex / vulgarite / rude humor / ... They just forget to write urine while showering or baring 70 Year Old Woman!
