Slackers are just another teen movie that does not really look right. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to graduate from Holden University and Honors in cheating, cheating and complaining. The three roommates were proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now during the final tests, these big-boys-on-campuses are about to be busted by the easiest dude of the school. The plot is very stupid and there's no reason why to watch this unless you're locking up your brain for a while. Slackers are just a predictable teen movie that really adds nothing new to the genre. The comedy of slackers is either hit or miss, but there is no real true comic or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny. Even though for every joke that works there are at least eight more that do not. Just full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students can enjoy. Even if they are probably not going to remember this movie after a while as it's not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays Freeman Ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has dropped very low. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the main stars but they do a rather poor job in this movie. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is her first movie so you can not blame her too much. The funniest character was probably Laura Prepon though, he's not in the movie very much. The film is very short in only 86 minutes time however, which can be too long for some people who do not really like this type of humor. Slackers are not the worst movie in 2002 but certainly is below average. When compared with other films in the genre there is a lot better to go out like by another teen movie, American Pie and its sequel, scary movie 1 & 2 etc. So unless you've seen most of them and you're looking for something new then slackers might fit that bill but it's best if you just look something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 a lower average teenage comedy is worth jumping.
