There are a lot of movies that have set date release, only to get pulled out of distribution due to a legal snap of some kind, and then set to limbo for a long time. You can only want a movie like rotten as "Slackers" stay in a coma for what it's worth, which is minuscule. Disclosures were still moving around for this really terrible film that is so much a blow to the radar as it deserves. The situation kicks off under the guise of Ethan, a creepy nerd with an awesome mania for Angela's campus temptation. Etan delicately explains David's help with his friends who have scamming the school for them all to run away with blackmail to help Angela. I do not like to give out deflators, but for a piece of crap like this I can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan intentionally screws everything up, the guys are good. That's what happens in a nutshell for another rtread tired of gross teenage out genre. British humor is funny, it has always been dating back to the days of the classic "Animal House", in the liking of contemporary like "There's Something About Mary" and "Trip Trip" amongst dozens of others who have too much to mention . But when you use it as a draw point you can only get so far, from point to point, Ethan has an Angela doll composed of her individual strand of hair in which she has revealed God and that. No one wants to take witnesses to watch Ethan's shower in the shower while singing in his head. No one wants to watch a young man singing "He'll come around the hill" with a sock on his penis. But there is nothing that can prepare you for the full visual attack of seeing 50 bombs at Mamie Van Doren breastfeeding in 71 years old. I do not know if it's the short story story, which cut off the scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this movie, you can only want it going back to the profession. The worst thing you can do about any movie is to make it look like you're having fun, because you detect your goals, just like "slackers" done, do not bury your graphics into descriptions under a pile of grit out gag , freeware stickers, and lack of construction. It's like a bunch of college students being drunk, taking one's camcorder, and shooting a bunch of random crap and compiling it together. If you want to see a young adult out of comedian who is actually good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something entertaining, and not so much poorly like "slackers". The idol Cameron Diaz makes a comic in this movie, as he did in another movie like "This Sweetest Things" where the story treats gross humor as another draw, instead of a lot of devices like this disaster. If you pass by "Slackers" in your local video store, just keep walking and leaving it at the bottom of the rack as it deserves.
