I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for working late in what he regarded as large cineasts, and that normal viewers generally considered artistic failures (such as the Renoir or the last movie of the Chaplin; yes, the "politics of the authors" has its dark). But with "Les amours d'Astrée et de Céladon", as if Rohmer himself wanted, for what could be his latest film, perpetuating this tradition of great directors, who made a final movie senile , not adapted to the "The Asset of the Dead", with ridiculous aesthetic codes, witch just looked like a parody of Rosselini's latest movies (these he did for TV from Descartes or Marx's life). In his version of "Perceval", Rohmer refused to film real landscapes in order to provide a re-transcript of what could have been a medium-sized classical representation of things. The director apparently changed his mind when the XVII century involved, and film actors, dressed as the 1600 peasant reciting antique lands surrounded by contemporary trees and landscapes. But the whole thing seems even more ridiculous than Luchini and its fake trees. It's not that the story itself is stupid, but the Rohmer way mixes naturalism and artifacts so nasty and enthusiastic that it rapidly becomes involuntarily funny (and I even do not even talk about the irritating pronunciation of the actors, their attempts to annoy and emotional sad by Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculous soft-erotic tone, the poor musical attempts, or the weird passion for transvestition!). The radical aesthetics of the movie finally makes it look like a joke, which combines a soft-erotic movie made for TV and theological theological sciences (cycles!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French version of the story is now disfigured by modernity, and that's why it has film "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. However, I'm sure the movie would have looked more modern and exciting, if Rohmer would actually still film the story in a modern area with even narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may interest some historians, but most of the cinemphiles can be laughed at this latest movie with sad Rohmer.
