I do not usually write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I must. I talked about the taste of another review, saying it's all in the eye of the beholder but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means you have bad taste. <br /> I love film. I loved "Isle of the Dead" which is pretty much a movie B & W unknown. I also liked "Calling" and "Scary movie" I liked the movies because they have, if not much, at least a good thing about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films I've seen because they tell a story I've never heard before, and most directors only make movies and a good storyline. Throughout this film I thought "Where's this going?" (even near the end) "Where did these terrible actors come from"? "Did this suppose a joke?" and such. With the obvious fate appearing I was uncertain, but hoping he would perhaps "make" the movie and prove I did not waste my time. I was sorry to make mistakes. The scenario was bad to begin with and the twist actually ruined any glamor of hope. Here's a Tired: Storyline ?? much like the first movie, which was Well, this one is slow and spar with no audience relationships in the characters or situations. The situations are cringeworthy and deep and completely boring and predictable. The twist was awful, it did not make me feel something like excitement or wow. Just "My God." There was nothing in the bulk of the film that you could look back at and think "Oooo was not smart" because it did not. The "Fight Club" has flashback at the end of the Bits show where Tyler's true identity showed sharply, and when you watch it again you saw more, it really was a work of genius, how it was written, laid out and directed. This was a meaningless attempt at an awesome twist. I think it was "wild things" that was such a very poor twist and I still love the movie because the rest was OK and it did not try too hard to be a big twist. It's like the CI2 writer thought she was going to be the best winner ever. But really, just a bad story with a bad twist drowned on the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, and the whole film by Sebastian's entire story building anything meaningful and a half horrific forced, paedofil ends with a particularly young and innocent girl. Actress ?? The actors in this movie are appalling. Almost as a bad "Sunset Beach." - Very corny and seriously done. It's not so bad it's good like "Hunk". The worst act I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn, was a rigid, pathetic and seriously thinking of her performance. Robin Dunne was also poor. I did not see "American Psycho II" again, but no doubt she put back "cool" style to ruin that movie too. <br /> I do not even say it is a good movie for adolescents, as it does not. If my son or daughter liked this movie I would be disappointed. But they would not be anyway, as they would take into consideration all the things that make a good movie, which movie does not have any. Really. I was disappointed that some said "you might not be in the age bracket for this movie, and so its grip" I love all the movies now that I loved as a teenager and had very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20+ you suddenly do not like any lingerie story line? No. I like "Girls Mean" and other generic films, and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for poor leadership, acting and scary scary. Moreover, I was 16/17 when I first looked at her. If anything, they were older just to make you a better judge in a horrible movie. I can not believe anyone can give it 10/10 either, one of my favorite films is "Memento" and I've given it as I know there are best cases. It's a shame for this site that people do, give 10s flippantly, or do not get their movie / show, and so give it 2. <br /> Anyone who liked this movie really would be must vary the tastes, and perhaps their lives, and with this realize that this is the worst movie every day has made. (Worse than "Ness Lakes") <br /> If you are not a teenager with bad taste, or simply no bad taste you will absolutely hate this movie.
