Well normally I am not as purely on the end especially if the movie is first performed well and was finally a good movie. As for 1999, I felt that one of the five top films was cruel intentions. It had everything a big movie should have except for an original story, being adapted from a novel he still damn good. On intrepid graely 2 that was actually just for the box for a series based on the movie called pre-manchester. That should not happen. Actually after seeing this trifle in a movie I can understand. Before the thing started, I was like at least the writer and director Roger Kumble made this one too. Well 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. She starts off with a rehash at the opening of the original with a different twin sister instead of putting her daughter's nude portrait in the net and putting the principal wives in the nude school directory. This should be okay if the lady did not like 50. And basically the rest of the movie is a copy of the original wannabe of the original. I understand if there is nothing wrong with leaving it as it was. But you can not do this with a movie. This was actually a prequel I gave him a chance to see how they turned out like they did in part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less just a prankster and Kathryn were a Turning back to the sexual predator of the sexual predator was in the real story, this movie had no foundation in it. Anyone who made the casting on this was the way. They could have at least try to find people who seemed to be the original cast but no, they just hired a bunch of people really good looking. I use this term although I do not know why. They were assured that no one made this film. <br /> All this film is a bunch of a non-matching material that has been the original, quite some of them doing but that's just because they are out of part 1. Another bad point was partly one you could understand the need to act out for attention because there was no involvement in parenting this one one had in it and was misused, as if to show why kids are like that. He did not work though. The best thing though on the original was that the cast was the chemies taken to you in this world. The screen tension made this film. This thing really breaks the first experience of staying this way out of.
