Intruder 2 is very awful, I mean uber-bad. Words can not explain how bad it is, but I'll give it a go anyway. The Christian's intention 2 draws very much to the movie first. Sebastian (Robin Dunne), is running a private school and forced to go to New York. There he decides to make a fresh start with just a life of a normal life and settling down. Unfortunately he faced his step-sister Kathryn (Amy Adams) wanting to drag him down. Sebastien starts falling in love with Danielle (Sara Thompson), innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants Sebastien just to sleep around with the school that has been described as a 'whore-house'. Kathryn also wants to get revenge with Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who outraged him during the school assembly. Kathryn wanted to make the ninth year in the largest part of the school, a sub-trail similar to the first movie. <br /> <br /> Criminal Intelligence 2 is basically a canceled television, which has become a prequel. There are many problems with the movie. It is wrong to write, unfunny, and seriously acted. Luckily for Amy Adams shows never been taken because now he is a great actress. While rough intentions have a sense of realism and can be seen to be put into the real world, serious intelligence 2 is set to sitcom and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of saved by Bell' . There were some black themes involving sex and drug use in the first movie, but in serious intelligence 2 tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the movie should not be, like Kathryn who has an affair with a teacher. Other ideas also do not work as the secret society where all the kids are popular to meet discussing the fall of other students. The film also has a major problem of sexualized 15/16-year-olds. I know the teens have sex, sometimes so many, but when they are on film or television, they are very seriously treated. A popular sense was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (who is around 14/15 in the movie) to simulate gender on the back of a horse at the point where she has an orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 in a pig is just very wrong with me, and should not be done in a subject of comedy. The jokes of the film fell flat, whether it's a verbal gang like 'it goes all wet when it sees you' in a visual gag where Sebastian pushes Kathryn to face first in mud. wrong with this movie, which I do not have time to attend, but I say it should be avoided. Just look at the intent of evil, also by a classic, is always a decent movie and treats the subject well. <br /> <br /> This movie is just a transformer's wet dream, having high school children with one another.
