I can hardly believe I've watched this again last night after more than 25 years ... <br /> <br /> Some time back, I watch 6 movie fu in a row ... Boris Karloff, with all 5 Chris Lees. The last 2 Lees, both led (and I used this word to wounds) by Jess Franco, were abusive. At that moment, I had to skip this one, remembering that, in some ways, it was worse. <br /> Well, I watched it. Never again. You know what's worse than an abominable movie? A really good piece of S ***. And that's why FIENDISH is. It's a very good-looking movie. GREAT production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, editing, especially good cast, some decent acting ... <br /> <br /> ... and absolutely, positively, one of the bad SCRIPTS of story movie !! Press AAAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the movie is so deceptive ... one might be the mistake of a decent film. Then they start singing "Happy Birthday Fu" ... and it goes down. Having Burt Kwouk (whom his master says, "Your face - is familiar.") Accidentally pouring Fuji's Fuji eruption put out a fire, causing conviction of torture, burial and having an ear It cut, was the most comical thing they had. It was like someone who decided they wanted to be a movie "movie" - so ridiculous it would be funny. RIDIKULOUS, it is ... FUNNY ... it's NOT. At all. <br /> It's sad, because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone has done a lot of research in the Fu Manchu series in order to get so much of it "right". With a different script - either a really one one, or a single serial dead, they might have - might - should - had a classic on their hands. A movie that could be one forgot the horror of these Jess Franco Atrocities ... instead of doing one wanting to dig them out as chief, not comparison. <br /> There was a period of late 70 when a whole kill of 30 classic characters was revived in the movie universally awful. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, Lone Ranger, Charlie Chan, even Doc Savage. I'm not sure, this one can be the worst of the many. He took great control of himself not fast-moving on all sections of it, especially any scene of South Caesar (FBI chief of Al Capone's cousin - do you see what I mean?). It is not just the idea of ​​the movie are not funny ... they often make no sense too. As the "officers" officers of the police officers imitate the king and queen, and we wind up seeing audience-dance routines such as singing, dancing, and riding a unicycle. How many drugs have these writers taken for any of this make sense? As I said, a shame ... with a real garbage of all talent, including that of Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nayland Smith), Burt Kwouk (who would have been in a Chris Lee Fu film in her time), Helen Mirren (the police woman shocking to fall in love with the villain and damn near the last half-hour's thief in the movie!). I start asking if someone will ever make a "proper" Fu Manchu movie, or if the fans will have to settle for Karloff's being almost the only one?
