When the movie started, I was shocked to see it was filmed using a cheap video camera! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. Even the direct DVD films should have better production value than this! Heck, a high percentage of the YouTube home video uploads have the best output value! All too often, the movie seriously appears to be done by sticking to the camera on a tripod and turning it over - with no camera people! Closeups and something resembling the camera-work are absent in some scenes where they might have worked and others have too much or poorly encountered sideways. Yekch! The film is about two gay men who want to get married. As if doing almost a decade ago, only the option of getting married in Vermont - times was definitely changing. However, the recent acceptance of gay marriage can not in any way be attributed to this movie - if anything, put the gay marriage supporters back instead of helping as the movie stinks and never really tries to seriously address the problem . According to the movie, religious people are one dimensional idiom that carries Bibles of all people and shoots people as well as their husbands and gentlemen who are married to their husbands when they learn that their wives have lived a falsehood. I am sure she gives an honest chance to both sides of the problem! <br /> <br /> The bottom line - nothing on the movie shows any professionalism at all and I even hesitate to call this a movie. It's more like a home movie and does not even deserve a list of IMDb or even inclusions on Bottom Bottom 100 the list of the worst rated films of all time. Acting is horrible, the terrible writing, the direction (if there is even any) is horrible, the camera-work is terrible and the plot is terrible. It's a home movie !! Nothing positive I can say about this in any way except that it makes the Wood Wood movies look like Oscar competitor in comparison with my certain ghost of Mr. Wood is smiling every time someone watch this mess! I do not care if you are gay or straightforward - this movie is not worth your time and I do not know how to manage to create DVDs in it. I assume one of the actors burning on his home computer during his free time! Seriously, this gives the new 'bad' meaning to the word! <br /> <br /> By the way, if the single lady in the movie was a real lawyer, would not be the ability to be an important prize? I just say '. Finally, with gay marriage being such a serious and important topic, can not we have a movie that's better than that addressing the problem? This one, sadly, only invited to laugh.
