Worst movie ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often dropping around. Whether it's a Uhl Boll movie, classic malicious like Manos Hands of Fate or the latest brain-tone episode of Michael Bay, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they're posting that nothing worse in the movie world. <br /> I envy those people, because they are blissfully ignorant and ignorant of how deep the rabbit hole in movie cinema does really go. The films are out so bad, so horrible, so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around to celebrate their awfulness and discussion boards are the kindest places on the internet due to everyone who agrees unanimously who said film is really which is bad. Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Ben and Arthur, a 85 minute gay season that is so bad that it's a lot like a violent machine crash, you know it's awful, but you can not stop looking at it. The brain of self proclaims "Hollywood actor, director" and I can add beach candle to Sam Mraovich, this film is terrible leprosy. Let me give you a hint of how monthly driving this project was. Mr Mraovich not only directed this movie, he wrote it, its products, its product executive, scored it, edited it and finally stared at it. This is a man so blind by his own ego and for believing in genius that does not exist he loves a person who has an ugly child he neglects to recognize just how catastrophic creation of his bastard really. <br /> All of this movie fails on a seasonal level, the act is the worst you will ever witness, the plot is the ridiculous, the correction and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails a board. I know I went on a bit of a tangent here, but please believe me that this film is really as bad as I describe it, I'd say this movie is squished horse squished in a movie reel, but that The truth is he was not even shot on film, he shot on a digital camcorder not better than the one sitting in your closet now pick up dirt. Not finding me wrong, I'm forgetting the low budget for the movie to give the concept is interesting, for example as much as I do not like the Blair Witch Project to prove that low budget can still lead to an exciting atmospheric movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to fall off, even though this movie was shot on a budget of 20 million dollars and Hollywood's finest actor would still suck, the plot is that atrophy, and the characters even become wrong. One of the main characters Arthur who is described by no other than Sam Mraovich is one of the most rubbed little girls ever put in a movie. You will not love it within 5 minutes at the start of the movie and the end of the movie that hated will be kicked outrightly outright. Apparently Mr Mraovich forgot that we are supposed to be rooted for the hero. <br /> I do not want to spoil the brilliant hilarity gut you will experience watching this movie (which I encourage you do not pay for) so I'll give you two mild modest examples of how stupid this movie is, tooth and mild as amongst the least offensive mistakes of the movie. In one off we hear one of the main characters telling how "they know a good lawyer and will give him a call" the shot loses out then disappears back in and this he's been talking about earlier is actually a woman, quite a spectacular mistake done in my post production. The second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual character attributed to flying to Vermont, we then cut off a shot into a plane landing among palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally but I'm sure you will not find any palm trees. <br /> Imagine this kind of amateur stupid inconsistency stretches almost an hour and a half combined with ridicule and scheme dialogue and then multiplies it by 10 and still will not fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst worst movie you've seen in your life and imagine it was even worse and still will not be on the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really that bad. <br /> However we should be happy in a way, films like this is a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we can become our movie maker or we can screenwriter. Just because we will have a new sense of trust because of the fact that we will know that nothing we produce does not matter how amateur could be as much of a suckling rust like this. The worst movie ever was finally discovered, and it was called Ben and Arthur.
