Oh, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What was anyone who was involved in this "movie" thinking? Mraovich is the head of almost everything in "Ben and Arthur": Director, writer, producer (also producer EXECUTIVE!), Sink, lead star - or her name, he did it. And he (Mraovich) sucks more than anyone ever sucked in every movie depot. <br /> So what's wrong with this movie? Everything. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * plain *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates gay people. To make things worse, Ben's "old wife" ants (not exactly divorced), Tammy (Julie Belknap) will steam angry that Ben leaves him for another person and asks Ben to get back together (saying he can be gay, too!) and Christian Arthur's devoted, too hypocritical, equally batty as Tammy brother, Victor, hell is bent over to make Arthur turn right and then try to kill him after kicking from his church. /> The film is absolutely shocking a block with many goofs (meaning Ben and Arthur jump in Vermont to get married to go there on Alaska Airlines and Vermont have palm trees, they fly back on a FedEx plane-hoping plane they were comfortable in a wooden box, many more, many more) and draw boots holes (Victor Calls kill Arthur "The Final Plan" that later changed to the "final title"; Arthur and the private (internal) detective driving the same machine, bla bla bla). The "actors" are all very bad and are way, way over the head; The script is awful ridiculous (one such example is "I do not make sense? You do not make sense! I make sense, that makes sense!") and there are many more wrong with the "movie" that I can not write they all went down. However, the most unpleasant yet incredible things about "Ben and Arthur" are that Sam Mraovich thinks that he created something that's really fantastic (see his fake review for "Ben & Arthur" and obviously his comment on YouTube. ). Mraovich is narcissistic and arrogant he scares him out to see how awful anything with his name on it really is. So, conclusion, forgetting all the bad films that you claim is the worst movie ever - "Ben and Arthur" will hit them right on that title, even Paris Hilton movies look like the "Dark Knight" compared to the monstrosity that known as "Ben and Arthur".
