I have no idea about what the world, or beyond, could have made Sam Mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project for them to undertake. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst films ever made. In fact, I see no reason why it should not be in # 1 on the bottom of 100. For although I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of publication), I'd Venture guess that this film is considerably better than this oozing wound, because even in its involvement is likely at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. Conversely, everything, and I mean everything, in this movie is completely unprofessional. The movie is intended to be an attack on Christian Rights to suppress prejudice and hate towards gays. And I emphasize "intended." Not only does it completely and completely fail to its purpose, it also leaves an ugly mark. Instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggles against a widely opposed society, it creates tired, cerebral stereotypes in each part involved. Ben and Arthur, the couple namesome, are described as rude, sex-hungry, and hopelessly dressed romantic boxes that marry when the laws change to allow them to do so. This encounter with the opposition Victor Ben's brother, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (as this film would we believe), is loud, prying, stupid, and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his association and to get him chased out of the ministry. Just like in real life. But if you think this is pressing (it), you have not seen it all. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) Here manage to completely destroy any verses of credibility in this movie by telling the lines as if they were told a YouTube home comedy video. But it is not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the characters could have saved this clunker, because there should always be the question of the completely inhumane and laugh-induced dialog that is filled every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one awkward or mutual quote. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain about being unable to have or nephew because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of displaying this idea clearly, it spits out the stupid, utterly confused, whiny-sounding, "You know what, I'll never have any niece or nephew, okay, because you are so f * ** ED UP! "Even more blatant is the complete lack of production value. Yes, I know this is not the black knight, but even amateur movie makers should know some basics about special effects and corrections. For example, six dots of red dots are not sufficient for realistic bullet injuries. People do not teleport through a room between take. And objects do not fall off when shooting! <br /> Do not waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you are 7, 17, or 107. I do not care if you are gay, right, aim, or decide. I do not care if you are "just curious." I do not care what reasonable reason you may have to be tempted to buy this dump batteries. Stay away, away. This film quality is only its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
