I made the big mistake actually watching this whole movie some nights ago. My God always tries to recover. This movie does not even deserve an average of 1.4. IMDb needs 0 votes possible votes for movies that really deserve it like this one. A 1.4 is too high. <br /> I've heard how horrible this movie was, but I really did not think that a movie can actually be bad, especially to this day and era. I figured out all the terrible movie cheese was only from the 1950s and 1960s. My God was wrong. Trust me folks, this movie really is that. It is beyond terrible; it is beyond pathetic; It is beyond any kind of words I can think of for it. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like Best Picture of the Year compared to this movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which until now was the worst movie I'd ever seen) seems to deserve a few Oscars compared to this tacky effort. <br /> I seriously can not believe that the musicians in this movie thought this was a legitimate effort to produce a Hollywood movie. This business has not called a movie. In the first 25 seconds of the movie, I seriously thought I was watching some high school theater classes trying to make a short film. Or better yet, I thought it was some Saturday Saturday ripoff skit in the real thing. I mean, it looks exactly like that. The act is terrible; The whole movie almost seems fired and a 20 year old VHS video camera. The special effects ....... Good Wet Womens from back in the day had the best special effects than this movie. The scene where it gets injected at the door is beyond ridiculous and beyond cheesy. I mean seriously, my intro in Acting class from 4 years ago to college, all of us could put together a movie much better than this. And the worst part of the movie all, where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh my god I almost got up there. I have a strong belly, but wow that was terrible. Some people should never be naked, and it's one of them. The plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere. They talk about legal issues that we have never heard about; Ben talked about music entries that we never heard about again; Arthur says he is looking for a job with college and the next thing we see he's running a porn shop. Everything about the movie is just awful. This really does not have much to do with criticizing me, but just for everyone knows, I'm not a gay man. I do, however, to support gay rights and believe that we all should be treated as equal. And I would support any gay man in my church, unlike the wicked priest of this movie, who by the way seems to choke each other. (WHERE F * (# * ing white out?) Hahaha But I did not want people who think I was hated this movie just because of it was about two gay guys .It has nothing to do with that: That would be just as horrible in a movie if it was Ben & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. <br /> I just watch this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say. was even FASON than I was reading. And this is a warning to everyone: ONLY watch this movie if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pathetic some films in the 21st century can still be. and are currently waiting for a good movie or some entertainment, I have no sympathy for you. <br /> <br /> On a final thought: how in the world has 7 movies ranked under this on IMDb There is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than that!
