This movie crap was bad. I look at him as a joke. It's not so bad that it's good in an unwanted way. This movie seemed to be born personally to make me angry. He worked really well in doing so. It is as if the people who made this just took all of the things really harassed on the movie prize, added to a bunch of ugly dude, taken out anything interesting, fun, or even remotely sexy and smart out in the concoction, and then added to a bunch of old decay cheese. That's all this. Cheese. No one this movie can possibly connect to. No universe of this film can possibly take place in. Why can not a movie like this just about enjoying their lives and being happy? Why was this idea already stupid for a movie even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least have tried to make it a movie okay, or even a B-movie. Now that I think of it, what are the hell tried to do with this movie? I look forward to a love story of Catenate and instead I got some boring student projects on some idiot to get strength and courage to marry her companion while harassing her Christian brother trying to destroy her all !!! No, I do not play it. That's about. Is this sound good? This movie is very ignorant against the people of the Christan religion, and it's the stereotype of all Christians being loudmouthed, rude, and hellbent about doing so many as miserable as possible. A lot of Christian people I know never would talk or act like these phenomena. The film, however, is just as dishonest and ignorant of the gay community as well. These had to be stronger without being gay stereotyped gay since the guy on the radio station on that video game ROADKILL. So, nerves wracking and simply disappointing to point out that I could not fully pay attention to this movie. These train-wrecks mowers had no strategy for designing, acting, camera angle, lighting, scripting, authenticity, or an idea to make this fun or exciting. There is no single sex scene, or at least not a credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked good at all, but looks good she sadly put them wasted. This is waste. In a perfect world, this movie could vote a 0.0. It's worth 0 as a movie alone. A mental-handicapped dog that is blind, deaf and has small arms and legs with face-to-face face could write, direct, and produce a better movie, and would probably have an actor best too. The fact that this movie exists is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format. I could put a ballet in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a X-mas mini tree and then record that with me has already made a movie that is still better than BEN & ARTHUR by at least half. There are two things that are worse than death. Tortoise and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I'm a homosexual and I'll probably be the gayest person you'll ever encounter if you've ever met me and I do not think I've ever been more fond of a movie than I was in the first few seconds of this movie only him. If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" in "It's okay to make mistakes unless mistakes were BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like, "Good things come from everything!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was primarily invented so that there might be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out. To call this movie the worst movie I've ever seen should give it too much credit. It's as if this movie was designed just so that it could qualify in a very clean category. There are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there's BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
