Inspired by the sinopsis (each gay video of these days has a block on the cover; this does not necessarily have to be interpreted as a good sign) I buy BEN and ARTHUR without knowing something about it. This is my second (and I'm sure it will be my last) bought in a KILTIR K CONTROL video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I do not make this observation lightly ?? I'm a major collector of video, gay and mainstream, and I can point out with some authority and without hesitation that BEN and ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I've ever sat in in my life. Period. My collection has more than 1,600 films (93% of them on DVDs) and of these, well over 300 are gay and lesbian lesbian. I dare possess all gay films at all times, but I am comfortable in stating that I pretty much buy almost every gay video of interest that gets released, and often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes, this makes for a nice surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, And in the water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that I stumble over accidentally. So when I read on the box that BEN and ARTHUR concerned a conflict between gay lovers and Christian Rights, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take a look at the countless dive, although I bought already disappointing to another KILTIR K CONSEXTION TITLE, VISION PLUG VIOLENCE. This movie was very bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR, he saw it as GONE and the WIND. So what was so bad with BEN and ARTHUR? Plenty! To begin with, the "scheme" as it was, was totally ridiculous. This movie almost made me sympathetic to Christian Rights ?? We are asked to believe not only that a church would delay a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually set up an execution style crowd into a gay couple in order to save the souls (like this same make sense). Writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all, and multiple draw points reflect no logic, tracking or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable to end in the gay activist / conflict right wing on both sides, and the act is so bad that it's hard to imagine how anybody in this film was hired. The characters that are supposed to be right are almost without exceptionally gay - except with stereotypes nelly boots; The gay characters are neither sexy nor exciting. This movie is enough to put off anybody from gay themed video themes forever, and the distributors should be disappointed themselves. The only advantage to this picture is more than other KILLER K purchasing my purchase, VISION in SUGARPLAMS, is that this one has a soundtrack and clear dialogue. Hardly a distinction, since the script is so insipid that the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. It's an embarrassment in Queer culture, and I intend to warn everyone I possibly can before wasting their money on it. At $ 9.95 this film would have overpriced ways; I understand that it will soon be re-priced under $ 20, which is still highway highway. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt ever cheated in my life. The only true connection connected with this drivel is to review them ?? I saw "user reviews" for this movie on many websites, and always have one or two that "praised" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the review is a friend of this Ed Wannabe . How sad. How desperate. I just want IMDb would allow you to give zero stars - or even less zero. If ever a movie deserves it, this is it.
