Search is a good word for describing this movie. <br /> Let's say every movie has a selling point, a guard. Transformers gadgets are awesome effects as well as male nostalgia fans. Safe in Seattle's Gadget is the status line tag, "What if someone you never met, someone you never saw, someone you never knew was the only one for you?" Many romans depend much on these supposedly and some of the great name draws. Year growth hires both using the Irish tradition as the case and featuring significantly more popular names in the country. So now that the audience is in the cinema, besides all the usual elements of character, conflict or consequence, crisis, resolve and denial, they also look forward to exciting dialogue, more absorbing situations as a result In the years of leap, exciting sub-cemetery and perhaps, to some extent, a good twist in the middle or towards the end of history that favors the circumstances of their characters. <br /> This is that Jean Yeo trying not to realize. If they tried, the targets were apparently in the other court, at the other stadium, on the other end of the planet. He and his writer, Alain Layrac, failed to provide interesting dialogue. Most of the lines were comparable. It looks like they have a bag full of lines that he would like to use in his movie: "Okay, these are the lines and quotes that I've heard or read from either movies I've seen or books I read before and They all sound good for me. If they sound good for me, they will sound good for the audience. Therefore, all I have to do is put them together altogether. I'll use all of them. "The result is cathartic. I can not say that the lines were needed and have no relation to the story or to drive the plot over, but they seem to spring from nowhere, grab you to guards and quotable quotes. On a personal level, I know people quotes based on most of the situations in our dialogue, trying to make it sense in themselves while naming together. I do not go out with them again because their punch is overwhelming. Secondly, the characters described are funny and one dimension. With the exception of the abnormal dialogue that implies the motivation (necessary to drive the plot), there was no sense of condemnation in them. I have no idea who they are. They are all simpler spouting lines in the column of advice in a fi-edged magazine. The Gimmick over the years to leap is not enough to drive the story about because the circumstances are too deep. Then again, there are movies that are less but cheaper than that, they're not there. They made it to my first and second point. In addition, sub-scheme is inconvenient (not that it's a bad thing for movies) and thin (bad stuff). <br /> <br /> Jean Yeo and the producers are trying to pass through the terrible plot with fancy locations and photography beams. This is because they probably understand that it is possible and easier to attain the approval of some viewers than others with good use of cinematography, bandwidth and dung habit. These non-discerning viewers. <br /> It is not the same kind of movie that is so bad that it's good. It's just bad. Do not watch it.
