It is cheese. If all you want is a video game, complete with similar sequence-cut-out-computer-cut sequences for movie action has been too cheap actually to make special effects for, this is it. My friend and I actually had a great time to see her, since the theater was mostly empty and we could save a bit. This movie really requires heckling. <br /> <br /> Draw? Was there a draw? OK, some stupid college or type later found guests in the "River of the Year" and went to one of the San Juan Islands ("If they would only stay back to Seattle, they would survive." - Direct quote, or almost .) Go to. They get there and everyone goes, and the site is a bit broken (but hey, the fog is still full!). With the help of an old chestnut masterpiece and a woman rider (which acting only a little less difficult - and a little less well - than Cynthia Rothrock), they fought many of zombies (some spit acids), found a dog of legendary legend, and mostly get killed. That's about it. <br /> It's not quite as BAD as Demonicus, but not much, and it's always better than Severed (they sort of my own personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the former is bad but the fun of exclamation, and letters There is just too bad freaking to look more than once). On the other hand, if you are waiting for a video game movie as excellent as Resident Evil, run away! run now press <br /> <br /> OK, some real big questions (without many flocks): From when did Spanish ships in the 18th-century enterprise in the Pacific Northwest ????? Why is anyone in North North controls their weapons, with whom - CANADA, to cry out loud ??? Why is it a desperate name (oh, excuse me, so-called "isla del muerto", shia, right) San Juan Island - and out, always keep in mind this is the PACIFIC NORTHWET. And the puzzle has about 30 people in the presence - "sidewalk of the year," my puppet. <br /> <br /> Lucky thing has in many of the chapters around. Many of them. Everyone has them. Must have a layer of sales outlet nearby. Finally, while the movie started out playing with a little "parody" (with the nudges I know what you did with jaws), he did not bring it to near enough. <br /> OK, really finally - when the introduction comments (in a voice-over, no less) casually mentioned that one of the characters "gave up her boyfriend focused on her fence" you can be sure there will be some fences at the end of the movie. Not good fences, but a couple of people hacking at each other with swords, anyway.
