If there was a movie that deserves a 0 out of 10, this should be it. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad movies, such as 'Being Extreme' or 'Premonition', will actually look best when compared to 'House of the Dead'. The basic "scheme" of House of the Dead is a group of twenty-one somethings traveling to a remote island to visit the "river of the century". When they arrived, they found some tents, a bar, a scene, and some t-shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and they will soon be attacked by zombies. <br /> There is absolutely nothing to redeem on this movie. It's not fun. Instead, it is painful to watch because of its terrible nature. The act is unbelievably bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors stated that Uwe Boll, the director, was not afraid to tell someone when doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script appears to have been written by a 11-year-old, who decided to include a scene of someone throwing on the girl's chest and included the hilarious line, "it smells like someone farted out here." The characters have no personality or depth and they do some of the most mental things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also magically transform into a SWAT team to take down the zombies. It's like they do not even have to target their weapons and automatically shoot the zombies at the top. <br /> <br /> The horrible thing so far about this movie is directed to. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is amazingly disjointed. Her basket of zombies running through the jungle are more funny than menacing. Worse still, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include small bits of footage from the home of the video game killed in the movie. Quite often, and at times the most random times, you'll suddenly see an animated zombie getting shot. It makes no sense. No one of the right ideas would think it was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us to repeat that this movie is supposed to be based on the video game. Uwe Boll has decided it would be cool to include slow motion slowing 360 degrees vaccine during the action scenes, the 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, it does it too often and each shot is nauseating. The soundtrack of this movie also boggles the mind. Most stage actions are accompanied by loud rap track. This also adds to the hairs caused by the 'House of the Dead' atrocity. <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category of 'so bad that it's good'. It does however fit into the category 'so bad that it's painful'. This film just plainens to suck. Uwe Boll should never leave anywhere near another movie series. Even his presence curses a production. For all directors: every time one of your movies gets a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you did not do 'House of the Dead' and you'll feel better. I will never find these 90 minutes in my life back. Sum it up, words really can not describe just how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be disappointed. Despite what I said can make 'House of the Dead' funny sound, it really is not. There is nothing about it is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
