When George C. Scott played the title role in "Patton," you saw him driving tanks and pumping at his point, shooting at German diving bombs with a revolver, and profanity spewing through superiors and subordinates. The most popular actions we find at Gregory Peck as "MacArthur," a figure from the same warlike battle of greatest achievement, is when he taps four with his finger and raises his most famous eyebrows. Scott's performance can be unfair. But the fact that "MacArthur" was performed by the same producer and scored by the same composer begs parallels, as does the fact both open and general films addressing the West Point cadets. It is clear to me that the filmmakers were looking to imitate Oscar-winning films in a few years before. But while Peck looks much more than Scott ever, it comes as a particularly bland character in a story that feels less like drama than a Wikipedia solution in MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "On that day there are those who think it was a dangerous digression and others saying that it was one of the older men who ever lived," an open tithe crisis us. It's a bit typical waterswater in the post-Vietnam sophistry on those who brought America's military, much of its time, but what we find here is neither seen. MacArthur as presented here by anger or inspiration as it did in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who went to the helmet of the famous "Walking Revenge" turkey, made a paint-by-digit work with hilly battlefields and some obvious use of the series (such as air raids the Chinese US forces in Korea), while the script by Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins trots out a MacArthur that comes across as the good-characteristic point of blandness, a bit too caught up in his public image but not never less than decent. <br /> Here you see him leaving in the landing craft to make his return to Phillipines. There you see him addressing Congress in his "old soldier ever dead" speech. For a long stretch of time she sat in a movie theater in Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can get on with the story while Japan's newsprint stamped up from the ashes under her strengths . Due to Peck's co-actor, Marj Dusay as his wife consecrated ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal assistant, jealous eye toward his boyfriend's magnificence but garner no interest on his own them. > <br /> Even when it was discussed with others, Peck never raised his voice, and for the most part wins his argument with tonic funnels. When Admiral Nimitz suggests delaying the repression in the Philippines, a point of personal pride as well as tactical anxieties for MacArthur, MacArthur comes back with the comment: "Just now, as I listened to his plan, I thought I saw Our flag will go down. "Undoubtedly, the real Nimitz would have something to say about it, but the character of the movie just gave himself and meekly accepted the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. People only in the movie who MacArthur seriously agree with Harry S Truman, who Ed Flanders does a good job and despite a prosthetic nose that makes him look like Toucan Sam. Truman Tran in MacArthur should have a dramatic high point, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation, in which Peck plays MacArthur as nothing less than an enormous martyr. <br /> I have never been sold by Peck to stand in the top pantheon of screen star; it delivers great presence but lacking complexity even in many of the best-known roles. But it's unfair to dock it so much, as it gets little help defining MacArthur as anything else than an iron expression. Except for two scenes, one where he rails against the surrender of the Philippines ("He hit Old Glory and ran up a bed!") And elsewhere he had a mini break-down while waiting the U.S. invasion. In Inchon, instigated against her disgusting Communism in the White House, Peck really plays peck here, by the complex character that inspires the famous "American Caesar sobriquet." The real MacArthur might be worth to compare a comparison. What you find here is less worthy of Shakespeare than to quiver the sort.
