Okay, so I'm not a big big video game game, but the game House of the Dead is really popular enough to make a movie? Aside, they go as far as actually put in quick video game clips throughout the movie, as if justifying any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, and the hand in part The bottom of the screen, supposedly your own, keep all the weapons and gooing all kinds of aliens or walking dead or sniper or whatever the case. <br /> It is an interesting site of House of the Dead, and many of the college children (college children, as it was, children who can afford some fishermen like $ 1,500 just for a ride after them miss the ships) trying to get out of this island for what is supposed to wreck the year. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after watching it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in coming up with creative ways to get a Many of the teenagers soften in exactly the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuse the way the girls are dressing. They looked seriously out of place running around the woods in pretty little head-tops, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, says the most interesting character in the movie by far, delivers a truly awesome performance, greatness in which overshadows every other actor in the movie. I can not stand it when well-known actors changed the accents of movies, and so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that it is equally flat to have a well-known actor to assume that he is this self-made fisherman say still with a raspy voice from years of breathing when selling. He did not even spit. He sounded like he ate a cinnamon roll before being shot and accidentally pulled some powdered sugar or something. The real hard, Clint! I was expecting more from him, but then again, he agreed with a part of this mess. <br /> <br /> Once we get to the island, the film is temporarily turned into any one of Friday's 13 films that took place in Crystal Crystal. Many teens play by actors who were way too old for parties getting naked and then killed. The stripping was impressive, I guess, but to consider something for a minute. These children pay almost two grandes to get out of this island to go to the Divorce of the Year, get NO ONE, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled out piles of hundreds from his wallet to find them all over did not think anything of it that they found a full bar and not a single person in sight. Here you have the opinion from director Uwe Boll - There are alcohol! They will not notice that the party has come to consist of no one's hands! So, not just to start drinking, do not forget the fact that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes in the dark woods to find out where everyone is (dragging each other girl and one of the guys reluctantly), the guy and the girl who stays behind them can get crushed that it would be a great idea to pull down for a quickie now that they're alone. It's like they hope to find the empty island, and now that the rest of the people that have come over and they have gone for a while, would have some privacy since there are no other people around. Brilliant! <br /> Now, for the things that everyone was hated, judging by the reviews that I had read about the movie. Yes, intersplicing shots from the video game of the movie, especially in order to show that, yes, the movie was loyal to / directly copying the video game. Sure, it was a stupid mind. I can not imagine who thought little nugget, but worse than that is the matrix-style scene of bullet bullets that were thrown in on and over and over and over. After the first (at which point I found it firefighting and cheesy for a movie like this has a shot like that as if it was something original) it is noticeable more for the injection technique rather than any dramatic meaning or creation of any type of tension for the movie. <br /> One of the things that make a scary zombie movie and come to you on the edge of your chair is to make them slow, but relentlessly coming after the living people, who are faster but getting Tired, run from where they run, and a lack of stress things with which to fight the zombies off with. The first two are doing right in the movie, children are scared and there are many places they are running since they're on an island, but since they hold a ride on with a smuggler, they find themselves armed. And I mean that very strongly. I mean, these people have everything out of hand grenades machine, which removes most from the tension in the next dead market. Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since the ravage never happened, and I guess since Uwe Boll thought the people would be disappointed by not listening to technological music in the movie, there is one right scene in the middle where everyone is fighting in the living dead , and amazingly enough it becomes something of a music video. There are techno-music explosives like the shots edited together faster and faster until it's anything but a grip of gory shot, mostly only on 5 long boards (which is about 1/6 in a second) flashing across the screen in time and technology to speed music. Clever, I guess, but it does not have any place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of scariness or tension in the same gross-out effect because you can not see anything one for long enough to react to it. You just watch these shots flying on the screen and wonder what the hell the director thought when he decided it would be a good idea to put something like this in the movie. <br /> I saw a lot of people who compared this movie to Resident Evil, especially claiming that she duplicated the quote of it, and they're exactly right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case at Resident Evil, it was not a virus that made people who killed people who could infect other people, changing them vampires to turn others into vampire. 28 Pita Day was also quite an inspiration for this film, it's just too bad that the House of the Dead did not do the original thing, except for the idea of ​​a bit moron in the fast shot of the game video on which it is based, just in case you forget. I really think this should be a better movie. While obviously I can not say that I know so much about the game it's based, just the title and poster films deserve a better movie, but unfortunately I think that is most often the case is by and horror movies. It's really kind of sad when a movie out that so obviously is released as a no-caught horror movie prohibited, and the horrible things in the movie all are the shot close, suggesting the possibility of an end.
