Some movies you just know will be bad from one frame. Even if you were totally oblivious to Ed Wood's work, a look at that commentator from "Plan 9 Out of Space", and you just know you will not see the next Cinemas chief. Just like that, when I saw the first shot of Uwe Bolls chief of "House of Dead", and that guy sitting in front of the house started his introduction while trying to desperately sound like it just happened out of Sin City, I knew I'm in for a helluva ride. <br /> So the movie starts like this - the first lead character says that everyone else will die. You know, keep you wandering. Then he starts introducing the rest of the characters with lines like "Karma .. think it's Foxy Brown" or "Alicia .. I'm old .. we broke lately .. I studied and had fences." No, I'm not joking. Anyway, this bunch of 20-somers who could not act their way from a paper-dump paper to the "Divorce of the Century", diverted into question being a few tents, a port-a-toilet and a dirty stage located on the small island among the Pacific. Our gang missed the ferry, but fortunately will find a way to get there, the road being a fisher-run boat by Kirk (Cpt Kirk? Get it? Man, who wrote this script is a genius) and sidekick him is a battalion of McAllister 'Cps Simpsons' and killer hook who knows what you did last summer. <br /> To make the story long short, the gang came to the island, finding nobody there except some T-shirts and blood then decided to run the hell away. Do not wait, they do not, they actually get all happy and love cos there in free bottles. With this movie scene hit rock bottom and then against every chance the proceeds go further down. Some guys in rubber suits start running around, some screaming and shooting, our gang goes to some homes to meet some other gang, they go out of the house, meet Cpt Kirk and some police women (between them there are about 500 book of weapons) and then decide to go home. Somewhere along the line are transformed into a S.W.A.T. team, entry of the womb, the rubber-suits guys begin to multiply as bacteria and I start to cry because I actually pay to see this. To add adult to the injury, every few minutes there are shots from the video game that's crap-based and there's a nice game-about off-scene for a few characters when they die. seriously hate this movie. It does not even fit into the renowned "so bad it's good" category. It's just plain bad. The script is bad, the terrible zombies, there is no tension, the lines are bad, the actors are bad .. the list just goes on. <br /> You will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation for being awful. Do not do that. There are bad movies that deserve to look. This is not one of them.
