There are those who are out who will green light anything! This is the only explanation I can offer as to why the home of the movie is dead. And that's just scary part of the entire movie. It's so bad you'll go to the movies forever. I seriously wanted to change this off and turn on the TV channel channel channel but I was tied to my words to suffer the whole thing. I do not know why I do these bad things in my head. As if it is important, here's the basic advantage of the 'story'. A group of twenty-somethings, so desperate to go from some islands to the Northwest Pacific (Canada actually, because it's cheap) for the 'rave of the century' (including about 8 people and un-ravin music) that they pay some fantastic old fishermen $ 1000 to take them there after missing the main ferry. This must have some royalty to be worth all that flour! The Fisherman warned that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (hanging on-I thought this was the HOUSE of the dead?) And they all ended yadda yadda yadda. <br /> <br /> First fall here. Why would a small rocket (in the century my feet!) Be held on some remote islands? Why would anyone want to pay loads of money to get it? Why pay even more to the old fisherman to take them back when they can just go back with the others? <br /> <br /> Once they came to discover that the rave (including about 2 tents, a small step and a harbor-a-john) broke, there was blood everywhere and no one around . What would anyone think rational? Run for their lives of course. But no, these clueless, obviously blind people decided to look for them. Soon they are enough to discover an old house that is 50 times as large on the inside as it is on the outside. Another half hour of barriers around the forest followed, as an excuse to kill at some of the smaller characters, and after many Tedy they came back home. Characters, like the movie, go nowhere. Jammed in this fabulous disaster is a superabundance of gibberish dialogue, stylish acting, mumbo-jumbo display and zillions of clips from the once-popular arcade game of the same name. Why this was universally accepted as a good idea with the filmmakers I will never know. The clips do not have any references to any of the scenes, and only degrade this garbage even further, if that's at all possible. <br /> It has nothing to do with the game saved for some cheap, the line moves to the end. It makes Resident Evil look like all great movies. Hell, even the double Dragon film looks like multi-Oscar worthy in comparison to this junk. The only one from this and his dignity is always intruder is Jurgen Prochnow. He could just take his money and run, but he tries his best with the terrible script and brings a little bit of his character pathos. The rest of the sucking of my cast is scary. Characters are idiots and deserve to die. <br /> More, if you cut out the sworn and freaky stripper, I see no reason why this movie can not be shown on Saturday morning TV. It's not scary at the slightest. Pirates of the Caribbean is more scary than the bad skeletal guys in this movie. And where do all these bad guys come from anyway? There were only a few people on the island to begin with. I guess this justifies the reasons they chose to use again on foot. I kid you do not, you'll see the same zombie killed a dozen times. Who's finally blaming for scandalous garbage in celluloid? No other director than Uwe Boll. His control over the movie is non-existent. You can clearly actor to see no idea what to do and that the zombies do not really take it all seriously. The actors seem like they're reading in cue cards as they are constantly paused in the middle of long sentences and carry on talking as soon as they see the next card. It all feels very unnatural. <br /> The more movie is shooting as a two-part mini-series. I saw the best TV production. And do not get it started on the correction. This film is an incoherent cup and thousands of thousands of freeways and dozens of coconut cans. No real skill or talent set in doing this all. It truly baffles and boggles the idea of ​​how this impossible movie can get made with George A. Romero can not even find anyone who takes his call. House of the Dead makes some references to Romero in a lazy attempt to be 'post-modern' but it's only anxious to think that this is in the same league as a real zombie movie. It's worth, 1.85: 1 anamorphic photo looks great with Dolby 5.1 The band is clean, but very unimpressive and only serves to pronounce the heavy on-use ADR even more. The DVD comes with extra costs but why torture yourself. Is not this review warning sufficient? Stay away! You are all finished I tell you! Make driving! Make driving!
