Lynn Hollister, a small town lawyer, travels to the nearby large business community connected with his friend Johnny's death. (Yes, Lynn is a person despite the resident's name.) Did scriptwriter attempt to make a referendum on the fact that John Wayne's birth was "Marion"?) Hollister first believed Johnny's death was an accident, but soon realized that Johnny was murdered. Further investigations reveal a web of corruption, criminality and rigging elections connected to Boss Cameron, the light that leads to city policy cars. <br /> <br /> It sounds like the plot of a thrilling critique thriller, perhaps made in Noir style movie that began to become popular in 1941. It is not. "Someone who has been rabbed", despite his terms, is more like a romantic comedy light than a crime drama. Hollister fell in love with Sabra to attract Cameron's daughter, and the movie then concentrated as much about the resulting romance as on the suspension elements. <br /> <br /> This movie might just work if she did as a simple simple drama. A review states that John Wayne is not at all credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie, and a difficult crusading lawyer taking on organized crime forces would probably have been well in his compass. Where I agree with that review is when he said that Wayne had no Cary Grant impersonator. Romantic comedian just did not go up his street. One of the weaknesses in the studio system is that the actors may have to play any part of the required employer, regardless of whether he was upstairs or not, and as Wayne was one of the few major stars working for Republic of Pictures They undoubtedly wanted to get so much mileage from him as they could. <br /> <br /> That said, not even Cary Grant himself could do "Someone who has collected" works as a comedy. This is not a reflection of his comic talent; it's a reflection on the total lack of entertaining material in this movie. I doubt if anyone, no matter how well developed their sense of humor might be, could find nothing to laugh at in it. The tone light-film film does not make it a successful comedy; It just prevents it from being taken seriously as anything else. This is one of those films that are neither fish, nor meat, nor birds, nor good red herring. 3/10
