First, I do not know anything about 'Maz and Monster' before I look at it. I had no knowledge of conflict in the role playing behind or the fact that it was a movie-made-for-television movie. When I looked at the cover (the DVD updated one) I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'legend', and Tom Hank as the nerdy hero from the 1980's on entering a mythical world of preserving for a princess from an evil maze filled with monsters. Sounds interesting, right? That's the cover suggests you at first glance. I gave this movie as a gift, obviously under the same quote because my aunt knows I'm in action movies and a medieval medal theme. And it has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So, I filed this movie, awaiting a good movie film with Tom Hanks in a 80s special world effect that would be good for a laugh. None of this occurs. Now before I continue I will confess, I'm a Nerd but I have no interest in playing role games. That's all this movie is about for my interest in the content is the best warmest. And M & M (copyright infringement) is not even a good movie based role playing and adorable geeks that use imagination to enter a world of awesomeness. No! This is an anti-role film that is being played by some popular religious people (the same people who also think Barney is Satan's work.) I understand Satan is a ridiculous fellow but I do not think he is desperate enough for the soul lovers ray lovers to worship him. This film is THEE anti-gamer movie. This is what I get in this movie: it hates RPGs and not only does it make fun of the people engaged in role play but it does not make Tom Hanks a mental patient. Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', poor guy was alone but Tom somehow made fun of his frenzy and you literally saw the volleyball as a character nice to good Tom acting. I wish I watched the movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by a Christian believing dragon (she looks like a malicious maskot made for a rpg team) and has a splitting personality that is the best climb. Tom acts only beyond making you feel bad for her character and nothing else. I find that the poor guy loses his brother, is not good at the top because of it for the movie to make the point of being intentionally tragic. I'm not alone for films that exploit the mental illness and end of 'M & M' to make me feel like cr * p. Luckily I watched 'Hudson Hawk' afterwards and got a good laugh before my soul was breaking any further. Yah, 'HH' surpase 'M & M' pa. . . many! This is not one of Tom's best films. In fact, you are the most depressing movie I've ever seen in it (Even 'Private Ryan Saving is not this depressing'). I walked in hoping to watch a sparkling movie and I ended up feeling the exact opposite. If you want to watch a movie (both emotionally and visually) films then not all mean watching this. If this movie is transmitting a message, it is this: "Do not play RPGs if you are Cuckoo for Coco-Puff."
