I did not even know this was originally a movie-made-TV movie when I saw it, but I guessed it in the run time. It has the same color-washed, bold character, and awesome sound synthesis that I remember from the 80's, plus a 'social platform' that practically shouting "Special Afterschool". Anyaho. <br /> <br /> The Rona Jaffe (thank you) Mazes and monsters made in the great day of the glory of dungeons & dragons, a pen and paper rpg that took the hearts of millions of geeks around America. I counted myself one of said geeks, I never played D & D especially I was dabbled to one of his brothers. M & M was also made on the great day of Glory of D & D's biggest conflict-that it was so engrossing that people might lose touch with reality, worshiping Satan without knowing, blah blah. I think it was a legitimate concern at one point, though very rare-but this movie date horrendously. We meet 4 young college students, who play justice called them and monsters, socialize and have a little time away from Munden's life. Except that M & M as present is much more boring than mundane life. None of the attractiveness of the banks presented here- with Jay Jay's request to take M & M into the 'real world' from nowhere. It's just an excuse to make one of the characters go crazy out of nowhere-even at that point we do not really care. Jay Jay, Robbie, Kate and Daniel are supposed to be different - but they are all WASPy-rich priests who have problems no one really has. But things are still going on, getting worse in more ways than one. The low budget comes awfully clear, (I like the sign of 'Entrance' and cutout boxes in the Caverns banned) Robbie / Pardu shows why it's not a fate of the stunned staged scene, and the payoff atop 'De Towers' is enkonu hilarious. Tom Hanks' bloubering "Jay Jay, what am I doing here?" Make me laugh for minutes on end. Definitely the low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Do not look at it as a cogent satire, just a scratch in the TV's 80's, and you'll always have a good time. That is, if you can stay awake. The majority is mostly boring, but it's all worthwhile to hang Pardu in the end. At least Tom Hanks has become better. Not that he could go worse out here.
