A few weeks ago German TV "SAT1" released this film as "TV-Event of the Year" - sorry, but I've seen the best thing about TV this year. <br /> I did not think so much of the movie but I soon reminisz on two other terrible movies when I looked at the commercial - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture looked so familiar: "The heroine" (if I can really call it that) in the middle and read of their "likes" next to it - Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is a poor man version of the one in Pearl Harbor and that one was already poor! <br /> But as I like watching movies and analyzing the patterns I eventually decide to look at that trash. The movie begins with a doctor leaving his family for the military strike against Russia near the end of the Third Reich promising his wife that he will return. Now fast forward to Spring 1948: Germany lost the war and the allies and Russians captured the country and both attempted to eliminate each other for global power and ideology: communist capitalism. Well, I guess you already know the story because you must know it - the movie does not really bother with it so much and literally takes a dump on historical fact. The film tries to show the U.S. government as an angel and completely ignore the contributions of other countries while the British Aircraft is responsible for almost a quarter of their ration despite having land bombarded in a country that they are trying to help. <br /> What was also extremely annoying were the historic remarks they were told in the movie as when the heroine mother told her daughter that Germany could be divided into two with a response like: "That's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were just sticking like looking for the mustache on the actor and it would seem to him) said that Russia had stopped "Coca Cola" from spreading to Germany. Yeah right, if Stalin has ever said something like this. Or there is only one US pilot who tells his fellow to a loaf and meat and all that is possible in it - please! The Burgers have been inventing WAY before this time. <br /> In the movie you once saw a map showing airline companies, bursting enough the card seems to have come straight from a laser printer - in '48. The US general Lucius Clay of the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin is described as a guy who stands out with grumpy and all the ideas he historically was as for example the plane and improved on this idea came from Phillip Turner's fictional character , the love of interest in the main actress leading me to other aspects: Not enough American-American soldiers in the movie, there were two of the entire movie! Also, relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and not a reveal of such an American soldier's relationship with them. I do not mean that there was no relationship at all but this movie had a couple who had been married, If it was not for the death of the pilot of her fake CGI aircraft that looked very terribly unrealistic CGI the fire! <br /> If it was not enough all Americans in this film spoke free Germany's accession although they were only in Germany for a couple of months - look at me also Americans living in Germany for my whole life and even I there is a little emphasis. Notably, the child was acting - the kids were like two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-look-monotone-like-a-robot" and grin. <br /> All of the film has been boring since the beginning of the moving end to too slowly especially the love story that was similar to the one in Pearl Harbor just and half of the dialogue. The sad part is that the film has been very successful - 8.97 million people looked at the first part and the 7.83 million second party the day after which SAT1 received two consecutive wins in the general market sharing and a whopping conquest of groups the commercial is important. But as I always think: the biggest pile of bull-crap is where most flies go.
