Resan, wow! The engineering that brought us Hiroshima Mon Amour takes on the challenge of making a French musician 1930s in vibrant colors. The voice-opening and old, embellished inter-title was a nice touch. Then the open aperture camera (like the old but crankers) on a black and white black. The camera prevents (or rather, up), suddenly showing us the amazing brilliant colors of an elegant elegant table for a tea party. This is all in the first 60 seconds. Then the music begins. A bitter and forgettable diddy featuring an exclusive choir of 3 girls blabbering some nonsense with no importance in the movie (and yes, I speak French, so I can not blame it on the subtitles ). These characters wound out the door and are replaced by more people who break into an even more forgettable song. Then they left, and finally Audrey Tautou appeared and we heard our first regular dialogue 15 minutes into the movie. <br /> I'm not sure that the Resnais intended not to start with a garbage that's given in time & cacophony music. But the effect on the viewer is to make you want to jump skittles through the screen and outside storms. I endure. <br /> It did not get better. I'll tell you why. There is absolutely no familiarity with any of the characters. We do not even see the faces half the time (as Resnais seems too intent on showing off the expensive scenery of care about the real people in front of the camera). People are leaking on and off steps like butterflies around a lamps, and our audience can focus on any particular person or draw. It's as if you took every episode of the brady bunch and inflated it into an hourly movie 2 with bad songs. <br /> <br /> The only thing that kept me watching as long as I did (1 hour) was that I was looking at the camera techniques, lighting and landscape that was all, I admit, excellent. But is enough to keep your attention for 2 hours? Not me. Maybe tomorrow I'll try to look at the end. Aw, who I'm kidding. I have the most important things to do. I'm sure you do, too. Skip this.
