First, I should mention that I really enjoyed the Katsuhito ISHII before film "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Man Shark Man and Hip Peach Girl"). Although it must be a debt to the "Tarantino's hatch fiction", Ishii's cast was up to the task of bringing the story, and the movie all split and energy. The scene between ASANO Tadanobu and GATUIN Tatsuya was particularly engaged. There were actions, intrigue, rare characters, enough sex to keep things interesting, with an unprecedented story line. <br /> <br /> So it was with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism that I started looking at "Part 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly keen with the opening credits, leaving my wife and I actually stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were; The mix of anime and life-action works was brilliant! Then the actual movie started. Actually, it was not so much "starting" as the sort of shuffle on the side door and the stand, fumbling in his pocket, comfortable. <br /> <br /> The movie all takes place in three rooms. One is paradise a futurist voodoo (borrowing a bit from "Po Shark Man ..."), another is a travel agent's office, and the third (and far the most used) is a hotel room seduced . In this room, a cast of seven characters is satisfied and ... make about nothing. Really. I'm no stranger to "talking" movie. One of my favorite favorites is "My Dinner with Andrew", the talkiest of all films talking. "My dinner and Andrew" is far more interesting, and it just has two middle-aged people to discuss their lives on dinner. The key is that Andrew Gregory and Wallace Shawn say interesting stories. Throw in "Part 7" literally just Creole in each other for the entire movie. "No, you do not!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you really do not!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, you really, really do not!" Yes, I really ... "You get the idea, I hope I want to direct it." Part 7 is an incredibly engaging film. There are only the flimsiest plots (stolen money from the Yakuza, just like the "Man Shark Po ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. Characters are largely worthwhile. It was as if Ishii took the momentum conversation witnesses from Tarentino's film and building a whole movie. But Tarentino's conversations still have their own logic and understanding ("They call it a 'Royale, and Cheese"). Not so with the dialog here, which is duller than you can imagine. If it was not for short, hilarious camel from Gashuin (which is still wonderful) and a low-key performance from the awesome ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Part 7" a single star. She really torn to make it all the way through.
