Since I would see the other three, I figured I might as well catch this made for fourth television party in the Omen series. As a movie stand alone, this film is mediocre; but as an end to the 1976 prince; it is a travesti. The movie goes on the same road as many sets come down when they're running out of mind; The idea was to change the male lead to a female. It is still evident that this film was made for television as the act is very standard, the plot lacking ideas and the murder scenes that were seen in three before being kept to a minimum blood. The movie holds a thread and the original, which I will not reveal as despite being obvious; This revelation is one of the most exciting aspects of the film. The basics of the original Richard Donner's original copy, and saw a young couple adopting a child, called Delia (by Damiella or Damiana, fortunately). There's a big dog that involves, and a lesser child; and pretty soon, the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be quite normal; as it's the menstruation of eight years old, and never suffered from any illness ... <br /> <br /> The first two suites were not bad at all, and the series really should have been end at number three. I guess there was money involving somewhere down the line, as there really was no artistic reason why this movie would have to be done. It brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing it's likely to succeed in doing is annoying fans of the series. The film resembles and feels like a TV movie all the way to and for the most part playing out as a movie about the troubled breakthrough of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looked like a little bitch; but it is never convinced that it's the Antichrist, as its stars are redundant and most of the 'evil' it makes is mockingly. Faye Grant gives the meatyest role, and is not impressed; while the rest of the sorry to throw agrees with the star as a terrible waste in time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme tune, which of course has worn off from the original; and it is too much. On the whole, this movie really is not worth seeing; as it delivers nothing that the series is famous for, and does not even make justice weaker weaker end.
