and he did. It is in my experience that when a horror movie reaches "franchise" status, and subsequent titles are released afterwards, they all, in turn, come into an inevitable factor: irrelevance. Humans IV: The Awakening does not make any exceptions to this rule, introducing another child to supposedly embrace their role as Anti-Christ, foretold a religious prophecy. Have not you seen it before? Is not it enough that, over the span of three films before this release, we have experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you're a horrific enthusiast like myself, you'll realize that it's common for a horror movie that has lots of suites and prequels in its credit fade away at redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; The list goes on. At this point in the game, I am sure you know what to expect when you are preparing to see the fourth title in a series. Regardless, there are times when you sit down and realize how cynical some filmmakers are. Humans IV: Awakening is just that, too - a cynical exercise money. <br /> This film does not offer anything new or intriguing to the Omen lineup. As unique and genuine as Omman IV is trying to compare with his siblings, their similarity and their traumatized traits are anbarrassingly similar. Elements like the guardian dog, the participation of a priest, the doubts of those involved, the stage of decapitation (clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist is cut off by the leaf of ice) ... even right down to Papa's involvement in politics and prestige in the community make it too predictable. <br /> Although it is common to star a B-Rated cast in a horror title far in a series, the acting is on the charts, the full-blunder of ridiculous and unwittingly humorous due to some of the poorly delivered lines in this movie. The atmosphere has disappeared in comparison to the first three titles. In addition, the seasonal score composed by Goldsmith in the films before was replaced by an auditory feeder; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if he actually intended to use for this movie or just pulled out of a "bank" of stock audio ... that really says something, because rarely I comment on misuse the lousy of a music note - until now. <br /> In all, I would call Ommen IV: awakening a failure. In the world of horror movies that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to hit the mark and some do not. If you are interested in creating another notch on your bad weather belt as I am for the purpose of ending, maybe you could carve this title into it as well - if not for entertainment value, then appreciate when it's a movie executed properly, or wrong.
