*** SPOILERS *** Like some evil Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance double-game combinations we have to "Omnem IV" evil offspring of those who have been the Anti-Damien Thorn back . Her parent's terrorist comrades his neighbors and finally the whole world as a named Delia York, Asia Vieila. After giving a couple of "deserved" Yorks Karen & Gene, Fay Grant & Michael Woods, by the St. Francis Catholic Church. <br /> <br /> Little Delia did not waste any time making peasants she felt by scratching her mother in a party home. After that Delia almost got killed by a runaway truck only saved by this "Devil Dog" called Ryder. Go to Delia school to take care of the local bullying by finding the big guy wet in front of all his classmates. Later when his father threatened the Yorks with a lawsuit he had himself interrupted in an independent traffic accident! Delia is someone who you never mess with and you know what is right for you. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile Dad Dalia's father gets a big man in town on his own, or think, by getting elected to the congress as a champion in the clean air and green tree trees instead of leaving The smog and concrete boy take on the neighborhood and his eyes now on it White House itself! Is her daughter grateful and unusual Delia has nothing to do with the sudden Gene Gene Geneure wealth? It is only later when Jo, Ann Hearen, is employed as Delia's newspaper that the truth comes out about its unusual and evil power. You are a kind of new age to realize that Delia is a bit weird, after turning all black white crystals, and she calls her New Age Guru Noah, Jim Byrnes, coming over and checking out her. Noah is so angry by what he sees in Delia Kirilian color vibrations, all black and blue and a little pinch of red, that it bends it out so badly that it has almost crashed into Delia Mom's car. On a journey to a psychic festival by Jo Delia turned the whole event into an energetic environment where the mental telepathy, on fire and push everyone has to run for cover including Noah's poor who were at the festival and ended up her legs are broken. The governor and shake and flu were so disappointed by the entire experience that he later checked out of the country to become a hermit in the Tibetan desert. <br /> <br /> Her head is later thrown out, with the help of sweet and cuddly Ryder family, in a second floor of her death because she knew and talked too much. It's when Karen is again pregnant that she decides, finally, to find out the truth about the real parents of Delia. That's when he and the audience come face to face with the truth. It is not just AntiChrist's Revelations fearing her twin sister! His anti-Christian brother in mind is about to come on the scene as his kid brother silly to unborn Alexander York! Three times were more then enough for the AntiChrist to come back to earth to bring on Armageddon. The movie goes public has already been getting a little tired of him and his bad adventures. With a fourth really unnecessary since Daimen Thorn, the original AntiChrist, died and was buried for years. Worn in the usual ringer with no one who believes that Delia is "your" AntiChrist until it was almost too late to stop it from its deadly judge to destroy the race all human. The film as bad as it is too far too long, 97 minutes, for a horror movie that might well be told its story is as little as 80 minutes. <br /> Do you have a private eye Earl Knight, Mchael Learner, and later a former sister of Yvonne sister sister, Megan Lehch, and now healed Felicity healing in the movie just for being killed did not help the draw. It only extends the suffering of the person we are watching the movie. You could see the surprise end up coming almost as soon as the film "Ommen IV" started with the bases that they clarified to Delia's control eventually in the civilized as well as worldly civilized. What was a bit of a surprise was Delia doing it with a little help from friends.
