Humans IV: The Awakening begins in 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) & Gene York (Michael Woods) have given a baby girl by Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) who was adopted, called Delia. The first thing goes well but as the years pass & Delia (Asia Vieria) growing Karen gets suspicious of her as death & disaster follows her, Karen is convinced that she is wrong herself. Karen then finds that she is pregnant but discovers a disaster draw to use it as a substitute mother for the next antichrist & gets a shock when she finds out that Delia's real father was ... led by Dominique Othenin- Girard who left or was sacked and replaced by Jorge Montesi who films the film although why he harasses is guessing anyone like Ommen IV: The awakening is absolutely awful and a shame when compared to it before that illustrates. Script by Brian Taggert is hilariously moving, I'm not sure that this nonsense actually looks good as the word writes on a piece of paper but there are so many evil things that I find even hard to believe. As a serious movie Omnis IV: The Awakening falls flat on her face and she really does work best if you look at it as a comedy parody, I mean the scene towards the end when the Detective comes face-to- dealing with a bunch of angelic island creatures singing a ghastly song of Gothic had to be seen to be believing & I thought it was absolutely hilarious & ridiculous in equal measure. Then there is the undisputed difference between this and the other Omen films in which this time it's a young girl, the question I ask here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all & not used in any effect at all anyway. Then of course there's the stupid twist at the end of which Delia claims kept his brother's embryo inside him & that in a disaster plot involving a group of devotees worshipers he was implanted in Karen so he can give birth The arrival of the Antichrist is moron & coming across as plain plain. At first, it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is, but the unintentional hilarity provides way to complete earlier boredom rather than later. <br /> It's obviously impossible to know how much at least IV: the awakening was led by Girard & Montesi but you can sort of say all did not quite behind the camera as it's a shabby, cheap looking badly The film was actually made-for-television & it shows and quite, flat & inimagable cinematography and production design. Then there is a total lack of crisis, atmosphere, tension & gore which are the main components that made the Omen films so effective. The budget must have been very low & the film looks like it. Best of the most stylish things about Ommen IV: The awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises in the air as Delia walks in the distance to reveal a cross-shaped cross made by the top path but this is injection The very latest before credit at the end of the roll is just about everything. I have mentioned the music that sounds horrible, more suited to a comedy & is very inappropriate to sound. The act is well at best, but as usual the kid's kidnapping. <br /> <br /> At least IV: Awakening is trash, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious & just end up coming across as stupid. Changes in probably the director did not help either, that's still not an excuse though. The film of the recent Ommen on the date of the original Ommen (1976), Damien: Ommen II (1978) and the final conflict (1981) all of them are far superior.
