I just decided to review the trilogy of Omen only to discover that {insert dione music here} has a fourth. I did not expect much of it, and in that respect it certainly lived up to my expectations. If you are in watching bad movies for a laugh, then this just can be the movie for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> From the onset, "made for TV" look and feel of the movie was obvious. The music was often appropriate to match what happened in the movie and therefore (at best) to distract. The script had all the suspension of a 8-year-old job of fiction. But one thing must be said is that the script lack was very well matched to the appalling act. Many scenes let me gaze if it was the script or the act that was the ridiculous source. <br /> <br /> The story itself is quite thin, centered on all the crazy antics of daughter Damien Thorn, adopted out by badly-doing and seriously acted. There are many of the mysterious and confused deaths that personally make me boon as the "drama" unfolds, and the usual investigator third-party in the whole affair. And through some medical phenomena, Damien Thorn Jnr performed. And that's pretty much finished with the draw. The whole thing is executed rather seriously right from the beginning and lack of suspense to make the movie one monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were lots of WTF?!? Sometimes it also provides relief to intimate comedy. For example, what's with the biggest over-reaction at the start of the movie when the baby scratches the mother's tissue ?? Hardly a 360-degree top-turn firm. I also laugh at the reaction on the baptism. The baby is crying, and everyone looks very much concerned. The mourning mother ran out of the church and the priest left very frightened while crossing herself. Huh? Then the new year-old newspaper has four blinking over exposing a 8-year-old of all kinds of alternative spiritualism. I laugh when the nanny suggests to bring Delia into troubled in a just psychic to meet hippie friends in the newspaper and the mom just swung her shoulder and allow her. "Yeah that's groovy, fill myself upside down the 8-year-old daughter and all this mysterious. That's cool. I do not need to be there." Of course this should be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a fully grown Rottweiler to meet on the street that would bite the top girls off as a snack. The whole scene of the psychic just is funny comic in a way how a slapstick, from the reactionary shocking stars of the Delia psychics, to the enferno's hairstyle. <br /> <br /> I also laughed at how the death of the world is considered a "wild accident". Here we have a religious wing, (who is described as being part of a cult), who is fond of preaching in a deep pit of rattlesnakes to prove how God Glory will protect them. It antagonizes the snakes by touching them and SOMEHOW bites several times. Hardly a freak accident. More like a success suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The scene snake-vs-mona was not the only funny death. Car crashes slow down speeds that can result in decapitation at a school parking lot. Then the demolition ball-motion demolition has been directed straight to the detective. I believe that I could go and made a coffee when the slow motion started just to come back to the demolition ball still directed straight to the "concerned" detective. Then there is excellence in that-shot-who cliches death, where a gun goes off with both acting as if fired for several seconds while exchanging fears of fears. Then someone goes rolling down the stairs revealing that the real victim was. In addition, the death of the priest at the beginning of the film seemed a little strange and pointless to me. He runs around looking at Church architecture. Obviously finding this distress well, it eventually collapses, clutches his chest and dies. Apparently something demonic happens, as this is what the music has suggested. Ummm. OK. <br /> I'm surprised that others have reviewed this movie favorably, and, in particular, as a "worthy end". It is difficult not to notice the non-senseless script, the unrealistic act, and the proper music score. The movie lacks any suspension, relying on Delia's "demonized fixation" gives a sense of horror, which gets rather annoying after a while. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This is a bad movie with the only feature redeeming that it was it's potential unintentional for being a comedy.
