Only the Antichrist could be behind a disaster. One only hopes that this irony was the motive behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad, it forced me to register with IMDb, finally, just so I could garbage it. What makes this movie all the more tragic is that it has these great source material! I never saw a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as rendered the result less than the sum of its parts. <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with the score. As a proud owner of a music degree, I must record my indignation! I was torn between laughter and dry burst as I listened to John Scheffer's brilliant Goldsmith score; It was far more rude than any of the burlesque death scenes, and almost as comic inadvertently. It was by far the most appropriate note I had heard since, well, I really can not think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> As for the scheme ... I'm sorry. New mysterious age ??? What ever happened to bravest realism in the original trilogy? In these films (more so in the first two than the third, but still !!) The supernatural was for the most implicit part, and this subtlety has made the cinemas for credible endearment. Here we have crystals going black (called all Skeksis and Mystics!) With inverted growth galleries, though in certain crucible scenes would be perfectly normal, but for the camera angle. Gone is the refined refined manipulation tapping the discomfort inherent in our collective psyche: in its place a "stuffed slap in the face" of recycled clickers and transparent incompetence. Add to this an "actress" lead so unbelievably ANNOYING that you fervently thank the director for the scenes from which it is absent. Never had I seen a girl so fondly disappointing since little Stephanie lost all of the family. <br /> <br /> Other than that, I have no strong feelings about the subject ;-) Luckily for the first three films adorable enough to make this train-wreck in wasting celluloid inconspicuous or, at the most , a study of how not to make a movie. Viewer beware! Can induce vomiting if you're lucky.
