After just 15 minutes in this film, I began to miss Zhang Yimou's earlier, the most heavily films that watched politics and society in China from unique perspectives. His turn in martial arts movie was a serious misunderstanding of humble opinion. Hero was his worst movie since Operation Cougar, with a very complete story and acting more wildly than found in a movie by John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is not different. As an American who has studied Chinese films for some years now (and understands and can speak some Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others as I come from different backgrounds. SMMF, like hero, is not really a traditional movie kung fu, and is certainly not a movie piano wuxia. There are no swords & sorcery or rival elements here. This is a completely different machine than infinitely more filmable films such as a Chinese Ghost History (all 3), the Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. While all of these charismatic drives that seemed to have actually enjoyed what they did, SMMF features bold, and sometimes ridiculous, dialogue combined with cardboard acting. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man as well as Ben Affleck. There is a time of superiority with this film that really quite insult. She persuaded her so seriously, she just became a big joke in the end. All the actors look as if this is the most important piece of seluloid in their stories, to destroy any chance of actually transmitting emotions, and the complete humor of it really make you wonder if Zhang Yimou has made a movie each is, or simply a showcase (ie a "reminder month") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally making out with her face and she gets sexually attacked by once but twice in the movie. Rings acting it really has not extended past its ability to play a naive "w" rash. It is so focused on acting, it comes across as cold and dead, as if it's reading his line from a notecard. It's so funny to hear American critics and movie people (like the Quentin Tarantino's completely clueless) called this movie a masterpiece. I guess if they see a lot of Asian actors on the screen that are really important while flying in a bamboo jungle, they're fooling into thinking of brilliant film-making. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while still maintaining his trademark style, editing, and posture, lacking the vitality and originality of his earlier film as a Chinese Ghost History, Dragon Inn, and Duel of the Death. Unfortunately, the wiring of this movie is really subpar, and if there is subpar / obvious wiring, then you probably should not film it at high speed. The same goes for special effects that have a distinct B-film feel. Weight, sword, bowl, arrow, sword, and other random objects fly in the air (after being cast) with no regard for logic, spin, climbing, and banking as there is a little pilot inside . I know that logic does not really hold a place in stylized film martial films, but if you do not want to induce a mass of giggling in your audience, then you should probably work on your composition a bit more. Mass melodramas, unwittingly funny dramatic moments, boring battles scene, really unenspired twisting trails are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. Obviously, Zhang Yimou is not performing for Chinese audience cinemas. This means that crack in the Western world is similar to CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movie, it's definitely off at the right start. SMMF is basically the threat of Phantom in Chinese martial arts film. And I thought heroes were bad.
