OK, so I rent this clown-like-Chainsaw-massacre-fitted movie, is not expected much, but I did like the novel approach to a serial killer movie. (from the back of the box is the following summary) "At first, it was just a joke - a myth of the campfire - for five friends staying in a remote cabin in the Texas woods. But when they were begins to disappear one by -Oke, replaced by scattered parts, body without body and voodoo effect, the rest remaining few for life ... But it's out .. And he's sick .. And all he wants is without ... "So, obviously, from going to go 'does not make sense: why is this clown in the woods to start with? Why a clown? Why are the dolls and the word "food" drawn on them? Why Why Why? Hardly came to respond in 1 hour this 30 min. firmly except where the clown lives. Characters are mute guys, dumb girls, and a hell of a lot of bitchiness. One particular is a girl being carried out by a restaurant up the road, whom they thought should help because he got hassled by some guy he knew. What is the term as an excuse to bring a girl to your circle of friends or cabins? He, of course, begins to plant seeds in envy, having the guys have sex with him by eating dumb spirit everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was an average affair (standard frantic keyboard music as in every movie movie without difference). The actors seemed to have carried out some soap operas the way they complained and whained about everything. The idea that the main guy in the movie takes this girl into the cabin as the first date to make for a horrible date, but of course, she unrealistically gives himself on the first night of getting to know her. There was hardly a budget that went through anything, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and lots of cheap $ 1-store dolls lying around in the woods, which was a horribly bland place to shoot the whole movie (they did many times). I was also waiting for the clown to fly home to kill the 4 remaining characters in the movie (from across the glass perhaps), but nothing interesting as ever entered the movie. I guess you've just supposed to love the sly being a killer or something. <br /> I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting site (clown as the Texas massacre massacre character, essentially) and I'll give them a star for serious acting all the way to when the movie could be Totally a B-movie-style video, but they opted for the more legitimate video style. But ultimately, I probably would have felt like renting the killer clowns out of March again before going to check this out. Ah, but that covers art ... very scary drawing.
