Lucky me! I got a sneak peak in this little horror-in-Texas horror shotgun from a recreational craftsman a week before it hits video rack and let me tell you ... I've rarely laughed so hard in my life as I was doing watching this megabomb atrophy flying on the rails and stealing the title of 'worst movie clown ever' from the completely stupid Moon full moon casino (I'm sure many of our horror fans have suffered at that one!) Out of all indications, he was shot on DV, and he does not really 'look' all that bad-quality wisdom for digital but boy does it ever fail miserably all other areas where it counts! <br /> <br /> The story (slight and cliché as it is) goes as follows ... An executive (Ken Hebert, who scripted and co-produced with the director) takes uncertain co-worker Tracy (Amanda Watson) and horny couples Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) joined on a weekend getaway in a 12-mile 's lonely (12') seater cabin from the nearest town. On the way there, they pick up a bitchy / slutty hitchhiker (Melissa Bale) at a bar and end up in the destinations where a firefighter story about a sort of murderer follows the same wooded area coming true when each of the profanite-yackin's bucket -smoking friends' disappear one-by-one, and only partly mutilated dolls left behind telling the story of their hands. <br /> <br /> The killer soldier does not even show up in the movie until near the end and it seems nothing like the demonic diagram of it on the video box (aside from being obese obese). It basically spends an hour everywhere around in the woods, chopping up wood and blabbing baby rhyme. I can not say enough bad things about the cast, especially the two guys and the chick looking, which either delivers its booty dialogue with a minimum to make enthusiasm or excessive times in the most appropriate times. Not really help that the script is completely and completely devoid of suspicion, originality, intelligence, general coherence or humor. I could go on for days on how inept this movie is, how many continuous mistakes there and how amateur the whole output is, but I'll just nod to show out the entire package is quite a riot in that boy- This - Sucks style way. <br /> <br /> Also the movie has been released here in the US as SICK (INSELLER ONLY CLOWN KILLER). It is currently categorized below (original title) at GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> Score: 1 out of 10
