Far from stopping caffeine you would expect from a movie that shares its name with the most energy-enhanced in hot drinks, Coffy clunks over and never really rises above being just a ropeye storytelling. Indeed, if the film was a cup of coffee, it should be rather weak and water, struggling with a few undesirable failures and lacking in a successful flavor. Sometimes it hits the place, but otherwise it is not the hot-drama action it hopes to be. <br /> <br /> Draw-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law in his own hands and delivers hard-driven drug-push-ups, pompin 'ladies, crowd-sucked cock younger sister in a sick, ill state. Social-political commentary on the struggle of black teen in America is important in Coffy, and it does for some thought-provoking things as Coffy Crusades against the political corruption and racial creation of profits that act and act as a parasite in targeting Afro- Minor Americans. Unfortunately, the timely messages are weakened by film quality and lack of focus. Coffy ideas are important, it's just that they are not well-targeted. One of the more points in Coffy is the presence of Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier goes to his role with gusto and makes for a heroine acting appeal as he inflames down the scum of frequent spectacular acts of vigilant violence (how do you deal with a full house of ot? Driving the right car in the door front!). It's just a shame that the storyline spread on occasion, wasting time pressing as many sexual exploits as possible. The low budget can not help, but neither does this for a flicker lookup hit, Coffy lacks the groove. As the problems are weakened by lack of quality, so the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moments of durness and misdirection. The total result is workmanlike and wooden. We found a hip heroine but not a hip movie. It's a shame as Coffy has its moments and should rightly be considered a key film of the Blaxploitation craze; It just never rises higher than being an average, warm number.
