How do I start to review a movie that will soon be acknowledged as 'worst movie ever' by the worst director ever? A movie that could develop something cult because it's so bad it's good? <br /> <br /> An analytical approach to criticizing the film seems both freeware and part of wagon band syndrome - let's hit free without worrying of backlash because everyone else on earth is doing it, and people like the movie like it for those flaws we would cite. <br /> <br /> The universal films of film quality go without saying - 'Sixteen years of alcohol' is not without competition for the worst film title so it has very low flow to get the title and hold a keep in it, but I believe that this film can go the distance. IMDb does not allow enough words to cite all the film failures, and it can be easier to sit the sixteen year element of Alcohol's rights. Unfortunately, these moments of glory are so far buried in this shadow of this film poorness is a job that is not worth pursuing. My impression? I thought I knew what I was entering, I was warned to drink several cups of coffee before sitting on to look at this one (these suggestions were Vodka's cups). Despite my low expectations, 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' failed to entertain me even on a 'fun making of the movie bad movie'. Not only bad but obnoxiously bad as if Jobson intentionally tried to make this movie a great poet but he went to overkill and pushed the poetry down our throat to make it not profound, but funny. .. and supposedly Jobson sincerely tried to make a good movie? Even after viewing 'Six Years of Alcohol Promotions', I'm having trouble believing Jobson's sincerity. Unlimited and reckless until the end with a little grin / chuckle moments (all I'm sure not intentional) to spin the movie, and these few elements prevent me from turning the DVD off. So bad it is good? No. It was just enough 'I can not believe that this is a serious movie time' to keep me out of his turn, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Definitely a movie to watch with a group of bad-movie enthusiasts. Finding your own account will be. This would have improved my experience. So bad at Mike Myers comments on his Scottish code accent on him as he runs, to turn this whole piece of storage into a comic masker "Ok to give me people, than I annuder Gliss's date wiskey".
