I could not believe that this movie dates from 2007, it has all gathered in a sixty lower-medium swing-flick movie. Do they have no knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?! Did not they know that in the millennium after the violence of a superman film and / or suffix-movie would be at least a little graphic? Or did I find the wrong reason, it was supposed to be a deep and meaningful story of people and animals, bound together in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity by mess with nature, or something like that? ? It does not really matter, either way it turned out wrong with me this movie fails on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all: the quote is very improbable. If at a given time you can replace a total eye, there is no medical scientist who would initiate many human attempts with both eyes at the same time, this totally unprofessional. And to do all this apparently without the informed consent of the patient? And why does the world choose for eyes that have a totally unusual color for people, and make the victim look like a freak? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had puppy-like normal black eyes, could not they wait for such a sample? The story is lame, it's about poor Aaron who gets these strange transplant eyes, which suddenly makes him feel like donor-the wild beast (or at least, that's what I do in it) and then he was chased by some men's soldiers. Especially bit this last is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the host is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers and night vision-vision!) But as the surgery failed on account of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, it's beyond me why they will come out to kill him. Why not leave it alone and look for another recipient that can be used? (a volunteer soldier maybe ??). And why try to kill everyone else who is involved with poor Aaron, is not a bit steep? Who the hell are these military anyway, I hope by the US army or government, they behave like psychopaths, walking in the hospital lifting automatic weapons, invading private apartments like they're after some enemy # 1 , and shows while the ultimate show-down in the woods is a total lack of discipline, as a bunch of scary awesome children, panic and shooting randomly around. Aaron, for some reason medical inferior, feels like a wolf after transplantation of eyes. Why this should be ??? She suddenly sees the vision of lost wolves. What is it? Are we supposed to believe that the memories of the donor-heavy are located in his eye-balls? And that the recipient of these balls also takes the craving of poultry for red (life) meat and can jump off into a 30-foot high balcony and wounded on all-four him as a cat (ka a wolf even does this (or lack thereof) did not help the credibility of all this either: everyone is broken in the lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, it can be handsome it can only come up with one expression and some mumblings disinterested on the force of nature, and it struck me why Aaron was suddenly all over it (but hey, there probably was to be at least a love- !) I really sympathized with actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a nice guy with a pretty nice face, but they did not give him much to go with. She was running around making chested for more than half of the movie, that would have been fun to look, but then being better to choose someone who has a more impressive physique, Monteith really should let his shirt over. (read) killings and attacks, we just hear some weeping and crying scary and then another victim is lying with Aaron and some hundred more on his face and chest. Not much for a modern sci-fi horror! The only good act was from Justine Bateman, and I really like to see how she has matured into a beautiful and stylish forty-one lady. She did what she could with her funny line and she even persuaded me to be this doctor with good intentions, but made her character a kind of wave, who gets totally bossed around by the military leader . What a pity that the script did not make it up a bit more! <br /> At the end of this sum up like being a funny and rather boring film, hardly scary or thrilling, and incredible go-over, a lot of overlong national geographic visual-like wolves running around woods and slopes (ki be concerned?), some indignant ramblings of Man and Nature with an unmatched music score and Poppy song at the most appropriate time. I guess the word "useless" covers all of this.
