Hybrid begins as the planet Earth Safety Guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) involving an accident that leaves it blind. Luckily it's just that brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has developed an organ transplant operation from one species to another, Hewitt decided Aaron would be perfect for his first person's experience. Hewitt & his team transplanted the eyes of a Wolf in Aaron & he miraculously returns to his eyes. Brilliant, right? Well, there is not really since Aaron starts going crazy as he sees random images of wolves & starts developing a lust for blood. Aaron saves the Olaris building & goes on the run but it is too valuable just to let go & a full scale search of up to take it ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya This is yet another Sci-Fi offering offerings that simply simply put terrible in every possible way, I think it probably started out life as a 'Creativity Feature' but ended up as one of the most boring films & sci-fi sci-fi films I had Do not even see any sort of monster or animal. Hybrid is awful, the script is awful and I'm not even sure he meant to call. The first set-up is OK and Aaron is getting Wolf Eye but then hybrid ditches the sci-fi elements & gets some sort of dramatic drama as it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state as it wonders around doing nothing in particular. and some American Indian women. Yes, you do not think the Sci-Fi Channel can make a movie about wolves & put loads of waste on American Native Mythology as well as you? The dynamics of the character is rare, Aaron shows as the hero persecuted yet he is the only character to kill anyone in the movie & it's an incredible, incredible and aggressive injustice while Dr. Hewitt is shown as a scientist that again he has given Aaron his eyes & done nothing but trying to help him. I mean Aaron returns the gift of sight again Hewitt is the wicked? Also the regular Sci-Fi Channel talk of the US military presence is present, the problem is why they want Aaron so badly? It's not a soldier & while having brown eyes to help him see in the dark it's absolutely unremarkable. The script can not imagine whether it's all Aaron's or her idea, the finish is hilariously angry with a naked half (rememeber that's made for telly) Aaron runs in a jungle and a pack of dogs brown is set in some awful music that I think is supposed to be emotional, but making it even more funny. There are many things that are wrong with Hybrid, it's slower than Hell, there's virtually no action, no Werewolves & the movie goes round in circles trying to get into the head of Aaron again it's so ridiculous, funny & boring you will not take care of one bit & there is no explanation on why even though there are other brown transplants, Aaron begins to develop other Wolf wounds. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, hell I have had bigger surgery on my right eye & I can guarantee you that after an operation your eyes would blush up, you would not be able to open it & it would hurt as hell again despite having eye transplant as soon as Aaron wakes up in his eyes is perfect and no swollen or even red. There is no special effect, there is no blood or gore or violence & nothing to motivate you. In fact, now I think about it's not even the same distance press or sci-fi feel about this, it feels like a drab film of the week. <br /> Filmed in Manitoba in Canada The film looks OK, but is bland and forgettable. The act is poor at all involving any of those I've seen before and hopefully never again. Hybrid is a terrible movie that is obviously marketed as a few Werewolve Creature Feature but is far from that & most people will really fight to get to the terrible ending that will probably have you at point.
