The plot sound vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovered how to transplant eyes and nerves of other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blindly saving a co-worker from work - the scientist gets a call from a physician that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human beneficiary. The recipient begins to become more and heavy-handed, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and running at night with dogs! (for the entire movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too stilted (I laughed loudly in some of the ridiculous speeches), and the act is too inept. Long portions of the movie are nothing more than seem dreams, strange music and clip interference in the wild wolves. Ways too long in 90 minutes, boring, and devoid of ideas. The military wants to use the transplantation of the eyes to the injured wounded eyes, and presumably wanting to militarize the technology. There's a funny subplot on a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom on the wolves. They make love while heavy music on drums and Indian songs are heard - crazy, people! The love does take place immediately after a virtuous killings - that edited this turkey? A "medicine man" grouchy that shifts platitude seems to be little, except for adding atmosphere. <br /> Here's two ridiculous scenes. A laboratory researcher entered the animal room to discover the monkeys left out of their case. It becomes frightening, looks like the monkeys, turn right, turn left, turn right, turn left .. this goes for a while (that modifies this ??). STOP IN THE LABOR! It was so stupid I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is in the house, escaped from a window as the military army army arrives - it leaves the open window, the military men go to the open window, look out the window and say "looks like it was here "and left! It was from the open window, sir !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> Near the end of the movie, the military men shoot machine guns over and over in trees, when obviously nothing is there - easier to put the squibs I guess. They have 6 machine guns that have cut trees, but decide to fight our heroes with 1 knife! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this waste? There's a pointless confrontation in the end, and believe me I'm not spoiled for you - there is not enough draw to spoil. <br /> I figured out that everything was a write-off tax or a hurry to use budget funds that are not used to staying in some of the best films.
