I do not understand people. Why is it that this movie will receive a 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had high hopes for this movie, but once I was about half an hour in it I just wanted to let the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site people say that this is one of the best action films they've seen (or in the summer, years, etc.) They say it is an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been concluded (besides the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shooting, and fighting better than anyone else it comes across)? What do you learn about Bourne's character in this movie ????????? Absolutely f ****** anything !!!!!!! Well, there are a lot of actions, but what is so great about the action of this movie ?? I do not like movies and movie editing. The impact of unstable cameras and fast changing changes has been used by many TOOs and found old fast (I did not mind them in supremacy because it was always easy to follow and was not used in excess) and made me head well turn. I quickly quickly saved my $$$ for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no conspiracy. All this movie is a 115 minute chase. Bourne, whom you learn absolutely nothing about all of the 115 minutes of the movie, is a perfectionist of everything she's been trying. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you do not know anything about anyone, and there is a wide array of new characters that are presented at this slick. Some people say that this movie has incredible writing and suspicions. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What is writing ???? What suspensions ??? There is no suspension. Bourne is so perfect in doing everything she does, I do not think she has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie in 2007 I can just let movie movies entirely !!!! Many also said that Matt Damon's performance in this film is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. Which performance ?? How many lines did he have in this movie ??? I have some respect for Damon because it was in movies that I liked and played different types of characters, but a good actor is someone you can barely recognize in one movie in the next, someone who selects different types of roles. It's not a person who plays the same roles over and over again (which Damon does not, but an example of someone who does that Diesel). <br /> <br /> Anyways, this movie was a great disappointment for me. I do not recommend this movie but I recommend the first one (bourne identity and bourgeois supremacy) and I most definitely recommend reading the three books (which are many different then the films).
