How sheep like the movie goes public so often proves to be. As soon as a few critics say something new is good (meaning "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the move as if they are devoid of self-thinking. This was not a good movie, it was a great movie. 1) draw? - What is drawn? Bourne was chased out from here, from the beginning to end. That's the draw. Do not seek anything more deeply. 2) Kineography? - Make me a favor! Any 7 year old armed with an old movie camera and bat 8mm would do a far better job (I'm not exaggerated here). This film is a two-force journey of amazing cameras-working cameras. The ridiculous shake of all (I really mean each) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Believable? - Oh yes definitely. This is a credibility masterpiece. I liked the Bourne scene being being chased by (local) police on the street winding market in lair. - I went to the lair. Even the guides can not navigate the streets on these streets, but shaved shook 100 police with speed and delicacy. Greengrass must laugh himself off of the gullibility of his movie followers. 4) Correct? - I do not know what the editor was about when he made this movie, but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt painful at the end of the movie from the strobe effect of the "scene" flashed by. 5) direct? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film seems to have actually been no convergence. More a case Greengrass sent a copy of the script (all two pages) to the cameramen, saying "shoot a few scenes also drink." - "Do not worry boys, we will tie the scenes together in the room of correction." The editor should earn, pen and put into action to allow this monstrosity to hit silver screen 6) Not one, but two senior CIA operatives who provide the sensitive feminine treatment of the unfortunate and misunderstood Jason Bourne . - Put their life on the line for someone they could not even make sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (All the malicious CIA men draw ending any operative that's so much as a paper clip clip on the floor). (well, everyone is wrong, are not they? - Except for SNAGS of course). Yes, this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows women to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive men as the real threat of humanity. 7) When you know-what has finally hit the fan, good triumph over evil (just like it still does, eh?) And the killer would become the drop on Jason Bourne - he suddenly subjugated a guilty trip denying from pulling the trigger (Yeah - right ...) - At the very moment, the deputy deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand and pulled the trigger. - How does this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath? Wonders never stopped 8) Do not worry, there is a senate hearing and the villains get pulled in front of the courts. Well, we can not be embarrassing, politically incorrect, CIA workers will be round to shoot, can we? How nice to see a true life in P.C. movie of the Noughties. ------------- Bourne ultimatum is absolute waste.
