Number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first one. They do not follow their own rules on spirits where destruction of the body makes the mind molten. This one fell a second body. This body, with Dean, drops about 20 feet from Sam but then they are good with Sam. The flashlights go from an asylum to unlighted, at night, and we can always see everything. It's night light is the streaming of the windows. A ghost who died in the 1960s is making cell phone calls? Come! There is no way Sam can find a psychiatrist to see him on the same day to make an appointment with Dr. Sam's talk as he was not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies of asylum and innocent demons still cache and did nothing to help them. That does not seem like a boy Winchester would do. Oh and after pulling around a dirt full of mattresses and all around a nasty asylum makeup girl and hair is perfect and not a rub on her white shirt. <br /> While the application of this episode was problematic in the quotes was good and a few times I was not eliminated out but nervous as Dean was sitting reading Elicots' newspaper. I just knew that an object so intensely personal in the ghost would draw it to those who violated its sacred. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps that's a fault for an important object or place (such as the Elicot's office) should draw the mind when a living touches or enters. When they divide me I want to call ... 'That's how you die! Always stay together and watch each other! but they do not listen to me: Elicot's spirit and special ability it was a very nice touch. It first shows, but I hope the horror of Elicot from one of his victims goes down and uses anticipation of torture to creep us out. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lighting goofs I gave this a 4. Dark or sudden flickering of the entire scene lighting as the flashlight flickers is all that is more terrifying. The lighter comes or the flashlight is revived and immediately a spirit is in the faces are shocking. I understand the directors want us to view his scene, but then make a mention or obvious connection by Elicot touching an electric outlet and the lights coming on. Make the characters respond to the fact of an asylum that has no power suddenly there is light in the one room. Blue white light flickering as electric arch just like Elicot's finger power. <br /> Seriously, MCG could do better.
