Oh, people, how low rates have fallen as by 1952! This matte thing is fairly kind of Annoy Wilkes (from Misery). Not only the heroes escape the traps when they add the scene that was not there in the previous chapter (and that they may not be there - tell me that when the baddies blow up the plain in Episode 7 to 8 they would not see character jump), but I think this series has the World Record in Stock Footage. I mean, most of it is stock footage! And not just from another series (apparently all the sequences flying from King of Rocket Men, and the cool "Rock Stones" scenes of episode 2 to 3 are out of the Captain Captain Adventures), but in itself! All the "trip to the moon" sequence (which is probably the shortest ever, it's 30 seconds long and the characters never seem to leave Earth's atmosphere) from episode 1 repeatedly in episode 8! And episode 10 is full of episodes of previous episodes! (Ever wonder why MST3K has never made episodes of 10, 11 and 12? Well, they stopped after 9 so they did not have to do it all over again!). <br /> Do not get me started on the science factor. Prepare to see the sunniest moon ever! And those who can not breathe on their own world? What were they smoking? <br /> But if that's not enough, it's too talky with the cascades (usually the best thing in series) are some and far. Visually-wise, I am the only one who thinks Cody's shaped form (or lime-shaped) helmet is totally ridiculous-looking? The Rocketeer was cooler way, no matter how bad the movie was (and people, it was terrible). Car in such tank is not the best, it looks like a bunch of kids did it for Halloween. The only positive thing I can think of is that the actor who plays the hero is family rather than the usual familiar muscular (hey, everyone has the right to be a hero!), But then it's so unappealing ... <br /> <br /> It is not even worth looking for the sake of nostalgia. See Captain surprised instead. 2/10. <br /> (BTW, check the Quotes section memorable for Free Real Women's Pearl).
