I saw most of the episodes of RMFTM as a teenager about "Cliffhanger Theater" running after midnight on a local station a few years ago, and then again when mystery science theater riffed over it in the early 90s. Time was not good for her. I can almost certainly benefit from the special effects, which were quite impressive for a low budget 50 series (Cody's IMO comedy scene was better than George Reeves / superman in his TV show). And I can also make allowances for ahem, "acting", and battling choreography. except for the guy who plays the prince of Men's Moon. It is incredibly bad. It looks like acting like the fellow who comes to fix your plumbing, by the chief of the despotism of an alien race. Even the corny dialogue works all right - everyone is locked online like strings in firefighters, which have no time to waste or pause for things like "thought" or "introspection". Since everyone does, the viewer finds it immersed after some time, and even in my modern sensuality, he does not bother much. <br /> What really exacerbates me is the writing and the draw. I'm not talking about the sun's weather over the moon, or baking soda patron sailing ship, or a fly-controlled flying suit that marks "up / down" and "fast / slow". I'm not even bothered by cheesiness in the resolutions of the cliffhangers that end each chapter. I'm talking about the fact that our assumed heroes are dumber than posts fence and do not have cumulative memories. And by the fact that although the dialogue clips together as an express train, the plot goes to the same motion again and again. <br /> <br /> <br /> Dig it: Cody and his commando are the top of a top secret Hi-tech science lab to charge and protect Earth (or at least the USA) against an insidious alien invasion. But his office has no bargain or security dam. They do not even have locks on the front doors. So the bad guys walk the Rule to beat the beat out of Cody and hired him ... not once (maybe understand), but SEVERAL times. They even kidnap his girlfriend on the second try. And they never found any smarter. For more to prove my point, allow me to point out the way that Cody jumps in his flying suit and flies around to catch in trouble and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone. He does this over and over and over. Cody also flies his boat to the Moon (the woman's assistant comes along to cook), stays for about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and back. Cody captured one of the atomic weapons of the Ray ... and immediately lost it again to the bad guys because he could not bother him close. So on. And would you think that if Cody's efforts were so important to save the USA out of the Men's Moon, that he might ask for a few soldiers and carbines, a few helicopters with a tank or two in his back up, rather so they just work with the local police all the time. This was supposed to be a military operation but to act like it in another episode of "Gangbusters". <br /> It is all rather difficult to stomach. I appreciate that the creators have been severely limited to the topic of history by budget and time constraints ... and I appreciate that Cody is actually a reasonably humble hassle (even though she loses half of her pistols). But I just can not help crying "DOOR LOCK DOOOOR !!" When the gang simply walks in his lab, or tries to blow up the boat and there is no security measure of the landing site in place ... not even a fence (!). <br /> Still, it's OK. In the three sets of Republic I watched, "Phantom Creeps" had a better draw, and "Kingdom of Freedom" had more atmosphere (ho!) And a hero better than "Male Rada", but it's a long time -viraj. <br /> <br /> BTW ... why "human radar"? They did not use radar, were used atomic Ray Weapon. Should not the title be "Atomic Ray Men Men from the Moon?"
