... at least during its first half. If he started out with the three ami of the marine and focused on the naval scene scenes, he would have a better and tight movie. The second half of the film is worth it, especially for the sequence sequences and closing up ships in early 20th century ships, but it's like a sickly tooth getting there. Also, do not watch this movie just because Rogers generation is in it. It has an important role, but it is a small one. The movie starts out showing three New York City buddies that are working tourists and also in good-matching competition for Sally (Ginger Rogers), a candy sellgirl along the avenue. Second World War I, the three friendships seemed completely indifferent to the struggle, but engaged in the seafarers. One of the three and the industry as a civilian (Bill Boyd as Baltimore) winds up the commanding officer of the other two (Robert Armstrong as Dutch and James Gleason as Skeets). To make matters more complicated, Sally fell in love with one of the three, but he is not likely to say it before the three veils of war. The film is a little more exciting on board boats, especially because of the shots that are close to us in the boat itself, and also because the chemistry among the three buddies is credible. However, James Gleason 49 years old looks short of the tooth for it is a swabby, especially when the sign of the inculcation office said you had to be between 17 and 35 to be eligible. Obviously the flaw in the movie that made me believe everything outside the naval scene was slapped along with minimum care is the costume design, or, I should say, lack of it. At the scene in New York just before WWI we have everyone dressed in their fashion in 1931 and everyone drove their cars in 1931 - no effort was taken to bring this film to the period. <br /> In conclusion, if you look at the few scenes with the Rogers genera and the last 45 minutes involving the Naval Suicide Mission, you've seen everything here worth seeing. The rest is padding.
