A woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious city, and hear from ghoulish history from the local weirdo, both zombie related. But perhaps fate has something nasty to store for it too ... <br /> <br /> Zombie stories are absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. In fact I must confess, so badly, it was rapidly sent to most of the garbage. And there was so much to believe me. It runs for just 69 minutes, and there are still tons of filler. You get some skinhead to do a lot of push ups, lots of kissy-kissy scenes between young jumps (rhyme, tee hee) and some good examples of why some people should never become actors. For the title characters, they barely even have a note in the movie. Why, you get more intriguing action in the Intro than you do the previous features! Though, consider how pathetic eyes burst out of support and feed in the brain sequence are (among other 'fun'), maybe this is a blessing of disguise. <br /> With his head all over, he looks like he's been filmed on someone's mobile phone for broadcasting on Youtube. Jerky camera-work, scratches on the print, flickering light ... I rubbed my eyes when I realized it was done in 2001, and not 1971. Even the clothes and fashion look about three decades from that! > <br /> If you think I'm not eligible for a review of History that has not seen the whole movie, then go ahead. You try to sit in it, I betcha you will not even do it in the first appearance of blue-smartie color phenomena before making your excuses and leaving. It is really ridiculous that anyone who chooses to publish it, and honestly you'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your DVD player with this gigglesome excuse for horror. In fact, do not be surprised if it packs its bags and leaves in the morning, leaving you finishing to watch VHS tapes for the rest of your life. You've been warned ... 0/10 <br /> <br /> What kind of 18-rated horror has the woman holding a massive sports bra on during the sex gender scene? Look, the movie can not even get this right ...
