Homeopath Horror is a great title for this movie. It's absolutely spot-on, and therefore the only aspect of the movie for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there are horrors, there are even horrors that take place on houseboats. But if there was ever a slogan for the movie poster, it would surely be 'Something shonky this way comes ...' for Horror Houseboat is the movie that's the worst film movie I've ever seen, not mentioning one of the worst movie films I have ever seen, and an atomic justice attempt at film-making in general. The good news is, it's very much terrible, it sails straight to the viewer area in the wonderful world of hilarity unintentionally. It's worth looking * because * it's awful blood. <br /> <br /> category of 'worst' does not come from the scenario, for the simple reason that there is actually one thing: a record producer, a movie crew and a rugged drive band up to Mystifyingly-named Lake The infinite, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (in reality Lake Eildon) shot a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them, and maybe in an attempt to make the audience a favor, start picking them one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivors to actually notice that, <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a very bog-standard soda b-movie. You had very annoying youth, old intolerance, greepy locals (one of them, an assistant petrol station, would easily win a creepy competition), and let's face it, my description for the murderer could easily Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only acting and producing their value was anywhere near as well as the comparable ruler on Friday 13th part VII. Unfortunately, Horror Houseboat is completely devoid of both things. <br /> But in the end, this only does what you get so ridiculous and entertaining. Fans of one-time 'Last Show' and 'Get This' Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gems ('Check the look ... you'll be up!'), While singing The current accompanying the music video is so bad he must have heard to be believing - I can not help asking if writer / director Ollie Wood hopes he would actually become a hit. The horror component is comparable to I think B-slashers in the genre and particularly in the period, but there were times when I could not help imagining a person biting into a hamburger on screen and seeing a volleyball sauce to spray into the wall on-screen. <br /> <br /> Indeed, if you've been listening to Tony Martin recommending this movie as hilarious garbage like myself, I do not think you'll be disappointed. Any fan of this "bad-it-good-horror" should not pass the opportunity. Whether you're going to 'up' or not if it's another problem. If, on the other hand, you are in search of genuine excellence in the Australian horror genre, find yourself a copy of the 'Incomparable' weekend and do not look back.
