Watching a video replay of about 8 different comics 1994-1997 Spider-man made me realize why I could not borrow it when it first came out. <br /> I'm from the old school, where the Spider-Man 1967 cartoon was the best and still the best. (I will not go into the psychedelic version that is terrible - give me traditional bandits please.) The act of new things is disgusting, it cuts off a sheet and either does not feel or overacting. Paul Sol, where are you now? This guy was the best of voice acting for Spider-Man. No one has come close. Watching secret war, a great idea for a mini-series drawing, made me wince. Doom Doctor sounds like a comedy version of Bela Lugosi. In a scene with Red Skull and Doc Ock, Red Skull has no German accent while Ock is heavy Russian! The old witch hero comic series from 1966 had the best voice acting. Iron Man sounded like it was carrying a iron mask, Captain America sounded genuine as some teenagers. Paul Frees as the thing of the 60s was the best ever. The old voice actors have been pioneering and never have anyone who loves them. Ever heard Mel Melgan's child? There is no way he can replicate his father. <br /> <br /> The animation is clunky. Well, so they have all the fancy characters fancy and nicely painted backrounds. Sometimes you can say more and less movement if more moves seem bad. Sometimes when you leave the computer to take over the movements become robotics. I really do not think any of these animators know what's in the interers. <br /> <br /> These stories are badly written, and some of the lines are given to the terrible heroes. Why, for example, when the heroes are united for the first time they begin to fight each other? In secret war, it was an excuse for the lame who got them in disagreement. I can see if the hero was dark, unknown and mysterious - like the Punisher, but why the thing and Iron Man can not keep their temper with each other is ridiculous, then the Torch meets this is just another In the comic later tended to get square heroes in one another for a few seconds because 'everyone' wants to see things. Give them a better reason to fight and maybe pulled off, but "Hey what you are doing here" and "You do not tell me what to do" are the reasons why. Another serious scenario is the wedding where Harry Osborne unmasks himself to spoil Peter's wedding. This whole story was awful. <br /> <br /> Last, but certainly not least, is another criticism called Juvenile Violence - meaning there are no punches at all. In secret war, the dandelion carefully ducks packed the stuff. But things punch the bad guys across a block all in the comics. It must simply return to lifting things heavily and subduing a bad guy by grabbing hold of him in the drawings. Sure, these animated cartoons were not banned for adults, but for younger children 12. That's why they can not have punching, because mom and dad do not believe in what kind of violence. But you can blow things, these designs will include that. As a correct political leader came in fashion I saw cartoons punching with each other. What's wrong with a punch the chops? Is there really much less violence in the world today because these slick and crafty new cartoons take the punch? I get this most insult at all when I look at the new thing. They wrote out the "punch" because we could all hurt ourselves .. <br /> <br /> Kids, enjoying these designs all you want, I've seen enough. Rating
