It is interesting that all those (so far) seemed to love this movie had no expectations - I guess this is the trick. Contrary to them, I had optimistic expectations, and that was a mistake. As soon as I saw how close to the camera face was still, I knew we were in the hands of a very amateur director - this is still a clear sign of them, they think it is artistic or ineffective or intense to hold the camera on two inches away from the actors. The actors in this movie, though, had one facial expression every. <br /> <br /> If the camera closed was not enough, the lack of light in the film killed him. The film seemed to be full of films in the darkness. So now we know that the cinematographer was an amateur rated, as well. "Oh oh, we're going to light the series with a flashlight! That will make it all intimate!" No, that made it all seem invisible. On top of the severe technical gravity, there was absolutely no story beyond the barest hint of an idea that has never been developed, and nothing new about this kind of relationship was illuminated. (Maybe this is a new kind of movie for Germany, but in Los Angeles, forgot about it.) <br /> The fact that this movie won a couple of film festival premium by indicating the quality of film but auxiliary the quality of these festivals in particular. I can assure you that this movie will not win anything at the festival where I saw it. In fact, twice during the movie it seemed that it was finally over and people started to stand up (this was one of the side effects of the movie "Darkness Movie"). But when the movie wounded on, instead, there was moaning from the audience. And once the movie finally ended, it was clear that it was not counted if it actually ended in one of the two earlier points. An early end would save the audience from more monotonous scenes in domestic (folding paper, cut vegetables, spread honey on bread). Yeah, we found it, the life of the lonely old man was boring - but we figured out that one from the very beginning. <br /> I recommend that missing audience this one, it has absolutely nothing to offer sophisticated movie-viewers.
