Noticed when a Stranger call came out, obviously I was interested in watching the original. Then when I read about the original (which I remember my sister was totally freaked out back in the day) I saw that the real money is on Black Christmas, which apparently beat everyone in the "caller is in the house "punch. So, I'm Netflix, and she sits at the top of my list for months due to its "very long wait." All this time I will become more and more eager to see it! Then one day, out of the blue, it finally happened! ... And it's a total snore. <br /> <br /> Sure, maybe I had expectations expectations, but I do not think it would have more I've seen it cool. The thing is it's Christmas in some Canadian colleges, and there's this sorority to have a party. We see some Killer-POV shots as he climbs this trellis and sneaks into the attic. So we know it is at home. Then we're introduced to our character ?? - Olivia Hussey as the louise, whiny, Canadian-accentuated Jess. Margot Kidder as annoying, officially aggressive Barbie's alcohol. She is so annoying even her mother dis-invites her for Christmas festivities. There's also that annoying Janis Ian script ("Phil") and this alcohol denounced mom's mother Ms. Mac, seeing nipples from the various bottles of bottles he stashed around the house. We also meet Jess's very-nursing companion Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001 and Bunny Lake is missing fame, though half of the movie I always asked myself "What's the One Dullea Keel?" So it seems that the home received obscenely phone calls, but this was before email, so they could not ask him to send a picture. Then ?? - Well, you know how to say that plastic dry-cleaned bags are not a game? One of the sisters finds that out the road is difficult. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 vaccines in the plastic face surrounding the corpse as it rested in the attic ?? - There will be 28 more interspersed in the movie, obviously have to say "Oh my God! There is a corpse in the attic!" Even after the first hour of the change: "How come the mute police have not found the plastic plastic place that surrounds the remains of the attic? " Especially as it is made very clear that it is clearly visible from the outside of the house. Really, any time before CSI came on the air were such a golden age of crime; The cops are so mute. Fortunately some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> In any way, after a lot more Darn boring drama human, the mother was afraid she was precious Kitty up a vertical ladder and pushed to open a heavy-handed trap that rested above her (these cats Wily!), To stick herself to the head and end up with a hook punch in her neck for the problem. Now we have two bodies up in the attic ?? - hey, why do not we have 75 more vacations trying to frost us by the fact that there are now two bodies in the attic? So, by now the police have started to take the situation seriously, with the phones' phones and station an outdoor cop. They informed Jess and Pope Janis Ian that if the observer call back, they need to keep it on the phone. Jessica, who grew even more whiny, muffled and annoying to keep asking who called "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" after the first 89 calls, it is clear that he will not answer it. Is not this a sign of developmental disabilities? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what's it going to do, suddenly say "Oh yeah, hi, it's Bob from the lantrome?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are stacked in bed with tomato sauce splashing on their face (this movie's idea of ​​gore), and jolly Jess realized that not one door or window in the locked house . Hello? Did you follow it or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is at home, and call Jess and says he "does not ask questions, just do as I say? Walk through the front door and get out." So does Moron Jess do? Start crying "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, great sister. Now why not go right upstairs where you know a psychotic assassin is cache? Of course he does, and he sees his ex-friends, all projection and ketchup, prompting this viewer to scream at the screen: "There is a sign now!!" <br /> <br /> Now, obviously, one needs to be understanding and realize that this film has been done before the classic film troupe films have been solidly in place, and that it does not move around the same pace we used, and see A plastic covering in the attic like 206 times probably was scared back in the day, and people were not used to backed by psychopath, so they would not think, you know, shut down the doors or windows. And they might be tempted to wander upstairs when they just said that a riot assassin is up. You see, people were stupid back in the 70s. We need to understand that. One of the major trauma is that we do not even see our protective-final girls kill the psychologist. But believe me, that fact is more interesting to have read in this review than sitting in the movie for. Spoilers finish! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my website about bad movies and cheese (and a few good movies thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
