The movie films can be really cool in a movie. It's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of you, but we just do not pay attention. Those types of twisting endings are the one that makes people think. Then we had twists like this movie there. That twist, whether you pay attention, you have no signs that will happen. When this type of random twist is revealed, instead of shock, it's a bit a dumbfounded reaction. This movie starts as it will make an exciting take on horror, but after about 20 minutes, it's nothing but boring dialogue with a stupid twist. <br /> <br /> Three young women are going to a concert, so they get lost to travel through the woods and hit a tree trunk. They end up in some old lady creepy lady, who hate people, and are welcomed by her daughter Marion (Laurel Munson). Large studies come as such girls stay in this house for several days instead of trying to leave, and the suspension progresses into a mute slasher. This movie is too much in its dialogue, and it's still only a few characters. We have three main girls, the creepy spinster and the old lady, and conversation of any importance does not go beyond those five. To make matters worse, they never have anything interesting to say. It's actually quite maddening sitting in conversations. We want to know what's going on, and instead just talk and talk and talk (about anything). The houses these girls stay in when they get into car crash are apparently three miles from anywhere ... Wow, three miles! A two (2) or fewer markets will be killed. Why did not get a ride with the worker for this house that drove into town? Did he have a single seater? How come these girls never question left and just want to stay, rarely even check up on each other? Why was there so much twisting twists? Perhaps the answers in the boring script. <br /> Having a slasher movie with five characters is really a bad idea. It's not thrilling, it's not scary, and the finish is definitely out there, but without doubt dumb. My rating: * 1/2 from ****. 79 mins. R for nurturing and violence.
