Unhinged was part of the video film Nasty Video selection that the UK built up in the 80's. Keeping this gory thing out of the hands of the kids, do not you know! It must have been very much demanding that the fuss is all over. By today's standards, Unhinged is a small story of little history. <br /> <br /> 3 girls are going to a jazz concert ... and right away, you know the county counts will be quite low. They get lost in the woods, and wind up getting in a car accident that looks like fake it in ridiculous. They are collected by some nearby residents who live in the woods in a creepy house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must stay upstairs. Then there's talk. Talk about why the girls are here, and how to be dinner over time because mom does not like it when someone is late. And more talk. Yakkity Yak. Some suspense is built as a crazy guy walking around with harassment of the girls, with an eye looking at the walls of the beautiful girls of something like the Psycho Hitchcock. I digress because there are so many blah blah in this film, that you are asking when the killings will start. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored out of his mind that he walks through the woods, alone, looking for the city. Smart move. She probably knew about the virgin alone walking alone in the woods part, but just did not care. More talk will continue afterwards while waiting, waiting, and waiting for more until the next girl can or may not die. <br /> Then there's ending twist. Expect the unexpected for some viewers, for others a real gotcha. Well, probably the reason why someone would really want to look at this. I do not care how braided it is, there's nothing in this film to make up for the most boring times I've watched it. Even with the minor impact of the finish, the director just did not have what he really wanted to deliver a good story with it. It would have done a better 30 minutes - Episode 1 hour TV on telling, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really have to find this for any reason, maybe just say you've looked at each movie slasher, make yourself a favor and have the button-ready ready. Since the movie has many important scenes, just pulling at them, and in no time, you'll get into the "WOW, that's what it's all about ever" to end. Oh and half of the movie has a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-honey. Horray for kissing bees. These are cute buzzing honey-made boo-bees.
