Critical movie in the world, I apologize. It is your job to advise the public manure so that they can wisely choose what they are spending money on. But I ignored your advice and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see the "cat in the hat" was not done haphazard. You see, three years ago all of you critics said that we should all avoid the "calamity" known as "How Grinch Stole Christmas". Then some my friends took me to see it and turned out to be a colorful, comic and almost hypnotic treat yuletid. So when the critics unleashed their anger against the "Cat of the Hat", another big Seuss budget update with a big star in the title role, I thought he should even sing the old song. How wrong I was. <br /> For five minutes I thought I was in the clear. The opening credits are smart, the kids are good and their production value is toothache. Then the cat showed up. There are many issues that come from this point, but one of the greatest was the perverse maliciousness of Mike Myers. Where the "Grinch" was saved by casting inspired by Jim Carrey, the "Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when his energy will apply where they belong, funny cartoons. Each film he did was really funny was really just a feature of drawing comedy lengths, from the "World Wayne" to "Austin Power". So he tries to do the same thing here, it's just that these cartoon designs are more like the thing that's stick to the end of the SNL, not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped him out any. After the good movie prologue turned into an hour of luxurious body humorous gang, poorly scheduled timer and insantingly scrambling attempts at hip humor. This film was the most discouraging Cinemas experience I ever had. Period. So much talent and work go into something so vile. I know that the adult stars in this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess, I just hope that the wonderful Breslin and Dakota Fanning Spencer will be more likely to show the charms of far better movies. If you are a parent, please avoid this as the epidemic. With movies like "Elf" and "Bear Brothers" now in the theater, you have far better choices.
