Hellborn starts as a psychiatric young doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) taking her residence to St St Andrews, or 'Mental Illness' as she likes to call her. With nearly 600 patients Bishop meets his boss. McCort (Bruce Payne) & place jobs and become the 'A' ward where some disruptive and dangerous patients are being held. If that was not bad enough during his first visit to Bishop, he found a dead body and threatened to sound the graffiti message spraying on his room. Bishops begin to hear stories of patients about the ancestors go-on in the asylum & soon get out for himself the stories are more than a hint of truth about them ... <br /> Known as Azil in the Dane of Land The United States of this supernatural film was directed by Philip J. Jones & I sort of love it but in the end there were too many elements that are not satisfied for me to fully enjoy it. The script by Matt McCombs persuaded very seriously and I liked the core idea behind & some of his ideas but there are a few things that work against it. For a movie start is just too slow, the story is pretty good and does not give himself off too soon but it takes an absolute adult for it to go I was quickly losing interest and every minute. I also thought that the so-called pipe was finished too far predictable and ending itself far too & forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the environment & some of the ideas, but it's simply too slow and frankly dull to keep one entertained over its 90-minute duration. It is one of those films that I would like to recommend but in all honesty I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, this is actually a well-lit film & quite atmospheric. I would not say anything scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real crazy asylum but if he did not have done a good job on the set and the movie looks pretty good overall. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of war or action, having two hand-printed wound-shaped & a separate language & that's, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore that has come down as a deception. Depending on whom you believe & that your review the special effects are either worst at all times or very good, as a watchdog devoted to low budget support I was very impressed with the effects especially the thing the devil looks impressive and is a man of a kind of suit rather than a terrible CGI computer graphics although it's an impressive costume. It all depends on your expectations I suppose. Technically the movie is good, it looks pretty ugly & lack of CGI computer effect is something I'm greeting. The act is not great though, it certainly could be better. Hellborn is a movie that shame me, there are some good things about it but at the same time some awful things that unfortunately are out of place. I sort of love party from it, but as a whole 90 minute watch my experience would find it totally impossible to recommend anyone.
