This is the page for "House of Exorcism", but most people have confused this movie with the Bava Mario Boss, "Lisa & The Devil", which explains the high ridiculous rating for this, "House of Exorcism." When the "Lisa & Devil" showed in the film festival at the beginning of the 70's, it was a critical success. Audience responded well to that gorgeous, Gothic movie horror. Unfortunately it was a bit ahead of her time, being considered too weird, and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor would buy it. So, producer Alfredo Leone decided to modify 'Lisa', seemingly with a chain, by removing just about half of the original movie, and adding new scenes, which he filmed two years after the original product! It is important to remember that Bava had little to do with these new, adds horror, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a bava movie. The original product is a slow, in dreams, stylish production. A few minutes in the movie, the viewer is jarred out of this dream world, as suddenly we see Lisa, (two years older, with a very different head), starting writhe on the ground, making ecological sound and epitaph kroaking like "sucking my k @ k", subtle etc., huh? And the movie continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful, visual movie, and a Z class "Exorcist" rip-off. Leone was trying to incorporate these trauma scenes, while keeping some pretentious in an intact story. It has failed miserably. When the choice was made to fundamentally destroy "Lisa and the Devil," Bava herself refused, saying her movie was too nice to cut. It was good, and it must have been very sad for this artist to see all his work was destroyed and floated down the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" were seen again, re-surfaced on late night TV. I saw "lisa" long before I saw this new version, and it was outright disturbing to witness one of my favorite films "vandalized" in this way. Worth sees only for the sake of curiosity. Otherwise avoid this disaster disaster such as the epidemic.
