But I doubt many have been running to see this movie. Or "Some have run out of the movie". Well, that's a bit harsh. The movie begins in an unusually funny way: Frankie-boy comes back to his country after many years (this is already odor of glowing) and the whole city shakes it up: he's talking about, everyone wants to talk to she, and every woman she meets flirt with her like no tomorrow - even her niece suggestion that she would gladly have dropped her cat date with Frankie Boy shortly again! Even her niece wants a piece of her! Sounds like one of those who mock "Mike Hammer" episodes where every single girl wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is nothing but a good-looking wet dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without the fame) would not get in 100 m to someone like beautiful as MacLaine. But in this movie Hollywood it's the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely black about Frankie-boy, but he could not care less! Sinatra plays "cool" shtick much too often in his movies, and it is rarely credible. Dean Martin is kind of bad; It's not sick as a player card, but rather because of the accent that simply does not suit him. MacLaine is good at all times, but it plays a cartoon - and this reliance on caricatures is one of the basic issues with the movie. The main characters are all sort of stereotypes out of bad or see-it-all-before movies and cheap novels; Frankie is the "cool cat" who comes back to town to find all the women, and she could not care less about writing it (which, adventure, eventually garners recognition); Martin is a four-player soldier but friendly; MacLaine is booming dumb, but very likable; Frankie's blonde love-interest is a snotty literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful guy who marries in his wife's business and has a disgusting marriage; and so on. Clichés. <br /> The story has a couple of coincidences that are a little too far-fetched for my taste: Frankie just happens to hit her niece in a localized; her niece just happens to master away from her dad when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is the terrible, stupid ending. <br /> In her, a guy bent bent on killing Frankie Boy to somehow get him to a carnival in every place! The place is full of people, with the typical noise and chaos - the more it happens in the evening - and yet the guy somehow get Frankie (in spite of being drunk like a doorknob) and shoots in him. But guess whom he killed? MacLaine. He jumps in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliche that writer-writer books might cringe in. This pathetic, on-dramatic, and annoying endeavor certainly can not please any, even semi-intelligent, viewer. When it comes to the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra were married! Writers in this nonsense seem to have read spit dances all his life - how else is written in this movie to be explained? There are even a card game in which an inductive brawl with Frankie & Martin vs. some caricatures cliché from the imagination "alive" imagination. (It was like a sudden Western fog.) Another thing to dumb is a Sinatra way was crazy about the beauty of snotty-nosed beauty and pretty much ignoring MacLaine. As the movie progresses we find that Sinatra finds MacLaine to be too sleepy for him, as the blonde bobbo finds Sinatra to be too low-grade for her. There is a certain snobbies and disdain to be detected in the script regarding MacLaine. MacLaine is treated as worth noting by everyone, while the blonde bimbo is treated as a princess and an intellectual; The ironic truth is that the letter's character comes on as rather dumb and not at all as intellectual; His behavior, comments, and opinions are mostly clichés, unusual, confused, firefighting, and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows it (MacLaine) is mute. There is another irony that I did not miss: Sinatra had trouble finding an end to her latest story - much like the writer of this movie, and that's why she came up with the final, final corny. <br /> <The movie basically has a solid cast, and the photography is nice, but the script, though sometimes okay, depends very much on funny nonsense instead of facts based on characters and events. You're interested in reading "biography" at Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contacting me by e-mail.
