A text prologue warns us that we should not allow evil to enter our home, but I think the best word is "entropy." Good luck, what the slobs of the beards are! George (Seymour Cassell) is alone in his San Francisco office and his monstrously expensive home in Tiburon while his wife and son are going to San Diego. Two girls (Sondra Locke as Jackson and Camp Colleen as Donna) hit her door, demanding directions. Well, it's raining, and they're thrilling like two little dumpling sensitive kittens, and are not sure of the address they are looking for, and, what with one thing and another, George invites them to come in and participate in his pizza by fire. All three of them wind up in George's bathtub and have to follow about five minutes of mainly nutty diffusion of double exposure, triple exposure, fourfold exposure, and dodekakuple exposure. They spent the night in a threesome and in the morning the girls arranged her breakfast. But something has become a little cockeyed because Georgie's guest is gobble everything down with the fingers and poured tomato sauce and syrup all over the linen and - "You eat like animals!", George shouted tell them to get out. In her dreams. <br /> Now do not get me wrong. Sondra Locke is an extraordinary looking young blonde with blue cobalt eyes and Camp Colleen bounces around like a superball. You have to say, they breed 'em the cute warrior down in Shelbyville, Tennessee, where Locke comes from, and they breed' em and bodacious woolly too, as we can not help but remember after the first five or ten minutes. /> <br /> But when the girls go berserk, so the movie. The movie then baths in a green light gray. The pair put on ghoulish makeup, and make galgoyle faces at the top of the mirrors. They are in the brain of a boy delivery and then drown it to make sure. They kick up a storm with crush windows and furniture. They have one of these scenes where two people sit on the table from another, defeat food and then skip each other to the bones. <br /> <br /> And Georgia? They first get Georgie unconscious and mace (which there is nothing that you can not find in the small red bottle of Tabasco McIlheny's sauce in your kitchen cabinet), tie it, pour flour and milk all over it, , subjects him to a psychotic trial, putting him in one of these semi-executions Tolstoy-type, slaping him around, dressing up in costumes around, then kicking out on him and practically destroying him upper- middle-class home, and sent by a van machina machina. <br /> As for the act, it's as if someone told Georgie, "First acting politely to these girls, then acting panic after you're tied." And the girls: "First act shy, want to impose on anyone, then act crazy." And that's it. <br /> <br /> The photograph and work where they are right from a 1970 movie porn. I'm not sure that suggests a total lack of skill. It takes effort and talents to turn San Francisco ugly. The score gives us two Leitmotivs. Georgia is some pop melodies and lyrics about "being free" and "giving in." Jackson and Donna are a catchy rinky-tink thing called "My Good Old Father." <br /> I approve of moral lessons behind the story, though. There are some things you should simply do not give in, though they might look like a lot of fun at first. All very educative.
