** SPOILERS ** I was renting "Thesis" (or "Thesis" in English) on the strength of later director Alejandro Amenabar's efforts "the others." Based on what a brilliant film measured and horrifyingly effective that movie was, I suppose its earlier effort should be of a similar quality and I was in the mood for some good horror. Instead I wound up with the most exhausting excuses, preposterous for a bang-brained sangher movie I've seen since the German film "Anatomy" (which one just reminded me of). The plot has potential but it's thrown away in the first 20 minutes. She turns around the innocence of the innocent Angela Angela's psychology (Ana Torrent - a Jessica Harper deadringer) thesis on the subject of violence in films. Through some circumstances far-fetched too mute to enter here, it winds up in possession of a 'tap' tapes on which two turtles, mutilate and kill a young girl for the camera. Angela, and her thump-buff friends Chema (Fele Martinez) both are shocked again by the tape and decided to get to the bottom of which is responsible for her. <br /> <br /> This leads to ... well, nothing. They never really give a reason why they want to get the girl's killer (since they decide to refuse to control the police at any of the events unfolding, even when their own lives are at risk) and the mystery itself is as lump as Graham Norton in a room full of bunny girls. There is one suitable 'sign' (the type of camera used by the killer) and that is a) a really weak one and b) wheels from the first 20 minutes. The rest of what's called 'unravel' just comes to the blindness, torsion is increasingly ridiculous with a terrible SLEW of terrible, transparent and well-reddish that chucked in simply padding out the running time. /> Seriously - Amenabar might know her stuff about ghost stories but it's clearly never read a detective book in her life. The key to a good whodunnit is to have a large group of potential suspects and eliminate them one by one with intelligent deductions and the gradual discovery of more and more evidence before moving in for the final twist. In "Thesis", * POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD * is the killer's identity correctly by the amateur detectors' almost immediately and then we get 100 minutes from the writer trying to steer our to the center until it runs out of mind, Launched up and said "OK, ya got me, it was him after all"! As for any kind of logic or motive behind the crimes - there is no such luck. You're watching the wrong movie if that's what you're after. <br /> <br /> The only thing that drags "Tesis" down further from just being a mute, serious misconduct writing is the way it actually tries to make some ludikrous, scam-up 'points' on violence in the movie. I have no idea what position it tries to take on the subject, but it seems to determine the bounce of a ton misguided, confused psychobabble, in between the rest of the gibberish, and say "look at me! I'm politic!" . The final scenes, in which the "point" of the movie supposedly lays home, are so absurd and diverse, one can not help but wonder if Amenabar feels embarrassed now when he watches this. If he does not, he certainly should. This is the total 'amateur night at the slasher house'. <br /> <br /> Overall I can not believe I wasted two whole hours (it felt like at least six) on this, just hope something can happen. Legends of the city of 'brown films' (and that's basically all of them, despite this movie movie trying to suggest some types of criminal phenomena sweep the world!) An area that can be tantalizingly exploited in fine movie horrors ("videodrome" anyone?) but it's so easy to step on the line of kids 'would not it be cool if!' Territory with it (meaning "my little eye") ... "Thesis" hits an all-time low for film movie 'film.' At each level, this one is best left dead and buried. I will award her a 1 out of 10, for some nice lighting, but that's all it's getting.
