Vera-Ellen The Foreign-Called Dancing Film Sonja Henie was the ice-skating film: blonde, girlish, always delightful to watch, but not a good actress especially and usually lowers with weak materials. When I watch the sweet Apache Vera-Ellen sexy and Gene Kelly in 'words and music', I can not help notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made from the flag of Vietnam. For some reason, many Americans Vera-Ellen celebrated in * Musical * (several years apart) placed in Edinburgh, a city that was not noted for tap-dancers: 'Be Happy' with 'Happy Go Lovely '. /> <br /> In the letter, Cesar Romero plays an American poet who for some reason sits in a music in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to show this link at the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a showcase for splashy leg shows. We also see a couple of stock shots in the Royal Mile: apart from a few highland accents, there's absolutely no attempt to convey Scottish atmosphere in this movie. The funniest gag takes place at the very beginning, when we learn that the title of Romero's show is 'Frolics you': this is a little cheeky that Britons will get and Yank will not. Ellen is, as usual, beautiful and appealing to an impressive dancer, but the very few numbers of music in this movie are boring and upset. The plot - identifying identity between David Niven's commander and reporter Gordon Jackson - is brainless, though there is no more than plots in dozens of Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he does not have to convince us that he was interested in the heroine's bed. <br /> <br /> One major offense in this movie is his misuse of Bobby Howes. The father of Sally Ann Howes was a major star of West Musical Studies; pronouncing him in "It is my lovely" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here, he shows up in several scenes as Romero's dog but never has a chance to participate in a musical number, nor even any real comedy. It's absolutely criminal that this movie - with a title with the word "Lovely", make sure you suspect the greatest hit Howes - would throw a great British music star but give it nothing to do! Character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (who I worked with once) shone in one restaurant sequence, and there is a glimpse of the beauty of Kay Kendall. As Confident Vera-Ellen, a person named Diane Hart spoke in one of the most aggressive voices I ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns both in the same go but do not match either. Val Guest has a history credit, but this film does not come in the quality of his brilliant comedy. Color photography is something miserable, though I realize that Britain's war could not afford the Hollywood process work. 'Happy Going' is at best better a pleasant time-storm, and 'launch' being the operational word. I will rate this movie just 4 out of 10.
