You have to understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, it created a wannabe computer hacking generation. The idea that a teenager can do anything in a far proportion, let alone discourage a world war novel and thrilling. Real computers have started to show up in people's homes, and for the first time, the corporation has become connected in a way that has cited the film's prestigious prestigious. Granted, a spoken computer comparing it to free time between war and global lagoon war was a bit far from looking, but the brilliant book about nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I was probably even heard of the hackers that this movie was actually based. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years, and we have a terrible mutation in something that I spit to call an "end", called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'll just dig right in. First of all, draw the hinges on a gambling government where those who win the games automatically become suspicious of fear. You are probably very confused right now. The idea is that eventually the terrorist will click on the game on the Web site called the "Dead Code" where they pilot an aircraft on a town, spray it with bioweapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", then you're automatically confirmed as an expert bioterrorism gun and your family is taken to prison and interrogated. In the movie, this actually happens. However, since the payment for the game was made out of a bank account suspicious, it obviously all makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the avatar of AI in this bomb-to-DVD bomb is an annoying flash animation that keeps repeating pop-up-ad-enquiring sound bite "playing with me baby". Because apparently in the future, Advanced AI loses interest in intellectual habits like chess, and gets into pornography. Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to the best curiosity of the original movie. For some reason, the latest hacker movies feel the need to show all young adults such as the type of average surfer type of person like everyone else. This can work for your sitcom on average, but you do not learn how to take on computer computers by doing your hair, playing sports, and shopping at the mall, as well. Things in one novel I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a movie by Matt Damon, and then later there is the phrase, "Good Hunting, Will". I swear, the main character will be just so that sentence could be sent to a top five Mr. Damon. This kid is not bad, but it certainly was not like any observer hacker I ever encountered. I can not fully indicate how annoyed I am that movie shares the same name as the original, because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make a comeback of this movie, like an old man who apparently is dying of boredom, and a dilapidated old tic-tac-toe machine with a higher voice pitched up. After some products, Joshua (AI) has the appearance of having sex with the new AI and the voice of porn, a bunch of board games flash on the big screens, and all the "only way to win, no to play "revelation is supposed to be momentous moment. Except that of us who saw the original, you know, who would want to see this in the first place was already there and doing so. A recyclable sequel to a movie made out of the last month's compost. The new movie was directed by a guy who's done 90210, and written by guys who made movies B. The original was directed by a guy who kept himself occupied with "hero", so, you see the difference the quality. There was talk of a real rumor, but I hope they do not destroy this classic all over again. I swear, if I have, I'll visit every gambling website until I get the one that's run by a PC psychotic computer. Thanks to saving is that I could stream this on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent watching this disaster was to breathe, click, and indigestion.
