Certainly not terrible, but definitely not good. <br /> <br /> Cry, Country Girlfriend (1995) directed by Darrell Roodt and written for the screen by Ronald Harwood (Adapted from the novel in 1946 by Alan Paton). Start James Earl Jones and Richard Harris. The film is about South Africa's pre-Apartheid, with the stories of a black man and a white person nailed. The religious guardian, but the non-resident Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones) received a letter from Johannesburg saying he must come immediately; he later found that his son had killed a man. The wealthy farmer / landowner James Jarvis (Richard Harris) found that his son, a fighter for black rights, was one killed by Kumalo's son. In this they are connected. <br /> I can not compare it to the movie in 1951 in the same name because I have not seen it. Or 1974 the music titled Objects of the Stars so I also do not see it; Both look better than this one. But calling Liberty, on the other hand, I saw; It has a much more urgent time in it, as it actually tries to say something where the movie Cry, the beloved country seems to have no idea where it's going. Very "Wishy-crazy". I refused to compare the movie in the novel (except that I enjoyed the novel more than I enjoyed the movie) because novels and movies are two very different media and there is no point in trying to transfer directly to one of the other or compare them through the same means. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie is blown. Well, I guess it was not that bad, - FIVE-out-of-ten, - but it was not that good either. Both of the drives, both actors are very able to pull some of the most wooden performance I've seen with some of the most recent dialogue in film history (but that may have blamed on it's senarist, Ronald Harwood, who is Also strange in games with this movie, he also wrote the Sublime Pyanis, and were Julia). Among other things the point and theme of the novel is lost almost entirely in its transition to film for the third time; there is little, if any, tension and any moment in the movie, racial or suspensefully. The music does not help. Poor sick and pastoral orchestral orchestras really help with this lowering down into the movie. One of the top is the cinematography, and many rather good or large shots, but unfortunately, this does not help the movie too much. <br /> <br /> Last, the words hit by Alan Paton's novel are appearing in the recent moments of the movie. It's too bad that they seem to be so disconnected from the film that has just shown. I do not know what Nelson Mandela could see in this movie. <br /> Thanks for your time.
