Someone, a few days, should make a study of architecture as he figures in horror movie; Of all the exploration of weirdly set out mansions, excavations for secret passage and crypt, follow in monsters in air, and so forth. Offhand I can remember only a few films in which architecture played a major role in all - "Demon Seeds," "Cube," the rumor of "thirteen zombies" - but it's in the heart of every story on a spooky home or church or crypt; it's all about the character and affects of space, passage, and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller where he promised to be central. The idea is this: An architect was built - actually, rebuilt - for himself a big house and rambling; His wife had just left him, mostly because of his own-training, but also he is intimate, because he can not get used to the place since he remodeled it. Living in unfamiliar loneliness (real this time, rather than virtual), it comes to the suspicion that someone else - a stranger who came to one evening tonight asked to use the phone and then, suddenly disappears - lives in the house with her; Only the place is large enough to never see it. <br /> This is a good start for a melodrama, whose one development would expect to follow some of these lines as following: After looking for the home for the intruder a few times without success, the spring resident architect He undertakes more systematic searches, trying in various surprises, intercepting, or ambiguous ways, possibly by means of some special features he has built into the structure. Meanwhile the hackers discovered hidden places and way back between places the architect did not foresee or remember. The movie would turn into a cat-and-mouse game, a hunt, a fight; and finally, in trying to trap the hackers, the architect himself would end up trapped in his own creation, in some ways he did not expect. Then it would be forced to think himself out of it - and perhaps at the same time out of self-imposed insulation - and in a final twist would be nailed, and maybe even kill the **** er . br /> <br /> Nothing like this happens in this movie; The house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis is of a gender character, if it exists at all. Here is what happens in the movie: Once the intruder installs the home - if it is - the architect begins to hear noises, but when he goes to investigate to find anything. He calls the police, thinking he's a little black; She convinced her husband to spend her night, thinking she was more black. At last, more or less accidentally, it runs into the hack (does not get a good look, but face, which others it can? - not a difficult question, in a story and, at this point, less than three characters principals), whichever it closes door, reduces the grille on the windows, throws the key (I do not know why it was thought necessary), and left its victims dead. I missed why this was a given: the doors and walls were made of steel? In any event, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film has been unfamiliar and can not now be developed further, something else must be devised to take place. And this is it: the architect - are you ready? - move around the house of the man (presumably) moved to him, and life has the same way. How is it possible? It is not, but the movie takes this route to try and make it look like that: the architect drew a picture of the man who came to his door; and when he left the house he took the picture with him; and while sitting in his car, he launched the photo on the street; and two children pick it up and observe that it looks like their neighbor Martin; So the architect asks where his home is and the children show the way. If this sequence looks like the verse on the implausible, which indicates dirt right in. The architecture takes up residence with the Martin wheelchair, he does not recognize it; so stealthy in his movements and for cunning in reading it in his hostess that he could still leave a room as he enters or ducks out of sight as it turns around. Throughout this section the film is smart in a way, to make (or let it give the viewer to do) the point that his life with this stranger, who does not know it, is in the same sense of life lived with his wife, as a virtual solitaire with him as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into the cat-hummingbird Raffles entirely incredible. Do not go to the range of twists in the end - including another murder done by blocking someone from behind another unstoppable door - this one in front of a so flimsy landing that it collapses beneath the weight of a wheelchair; two beautiful people who kill people in stride; and (before the story began) the construction unnoticed in a tunnel under several houses ... For the final, long anticipated twist, the movie adds another, makes it even more offensive, and then ... finishes. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of the two things - the idea of ​​stranger at home, and the character of the man whose house is - and fumbles both. The first promoter makes it boring; The second made me angry, as it pushed its main character further and further on a more and more zigzaggy path, and never offered any explanation for the character most required one: the Martin tunnel-builder and sneak-tenants. This story should be redone by someone, a few days.
