If you read the original novel, as I did, you'll probably hate this thing. <br /> <br /> The movie version of _Absolute Anfinners_ is a nightmare conglomerate in the 1980s anarchy attempt to create a "period" piece in the late 1950s and failing to re-create or even pay homage to this period - The U.S. monstrosity of _Dirty Dancing_ made the same as 1963, except that movie has proven financially successful despite having equally amateur screens. In addition to suffering from "over the years 1980", characters have changed, re-arranged, and downplayed to the point that the only features they have in common with that of the novel are seem to be the slightest superficial and, Of course, their name is Suze transformed from the ex-girlfriend exgirlfriend and promiscuous bargain who wants to plan to marry an old clause queen for money (through her own admission to the first few pages) of an "eve" hapless and naive - seduced by fame and glamor, exploits and somehow scammed in a brilliant wedding by her boss, who was surprisingly not given a Van Dyke with pointed hairstyle. He and the narrator, re-named "Colin" (after the author, Colin MacInnes) for the movie, are also in a relationship. <br /> <br /> Big Jill's character, a leaked lesbian "fop like" in its Mid-20s that acts as Pimp in a cadres of teens and bubble-headed lesbians, and one of the closest The narrator's friend, distributing the narrower wisdom of the narrator, reduced to a sort of "called extra" and only a few throw-away lines, and tons of funny teams. <br /> <br /> Fabulous Hoplite, a gay young man and another close friend of the narrator of the novel, also reduced to the point of being free of the movie, stand-up and all but ignored. The narrator's father in the novel is a sort of sad minor character, but in the movie, he plays to come in as optimistic and frustrating despite the cruelty neighborhood, and the plague of her marriage The mum narrator seems, for all practical purposes, ignored. In his favor, the music (for what it is) is well composed and you must provide the production and writing credit teams to actually take a line from the book ("... some days, they will write musicals over the 1950s they ... ") as the inspiration of writing a music, but in the world of badly-camp makers, this is among the worst executed in the bunch. Unlike _Shock Tretman_ or _Starstruck_ important scheme components are treated as afterthtsts. Unlike _The Apple_, there is an escape and unmatched flow between musical numbers and spoken dialogues. You really can not blame it in "too 1980s" feeling about the fact that it was created in the 1980s. The movie version of _Annie_ released in 1981, pays a well-paid currency to look at the look and feel of New York City in the 1930s, and _Napolean Dynamite_ manages to take a bravest sort of look and feel in the 1980s despite being made on a low budget in 2003 (though it is not clearly set in the 1980s, people who lived in the decade can not deny that the film "feel many years 1980"). Obviously, it was _possible_ doing something good out of this, especially considering the iconic statue that the source novel has in the UK, but it fails most of the look and feel, and also in its treatment of the material Source, which is On the contrary, if you do not read and you have no intention of reading the novel, you can enjoy the 80-year lawless anarchy that gives a shameful parody in the late 1950's to set up jazz set on London's Soho. I can definitely see what the writing team tried, but they could definitely do better. With George George as a home name and musician-racist musician and bands on the charts in 1986 UK, they definitely made _not_ need to bowdlerise the characters in the ways they end up doing. In fact, I would go too far as saying that the writers wound up doing so both the book and movie criticizing stiffness - it ended up having a bunch of adults hindering out crap and treating targeted audience to teenagers like two little idiots make a quick quick cut off.
