This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us of the fate of two of the lead characters and the names of people and places have changed ... before telling us that relationships with real people and events are purely coincidental . This line ends actually popping up everything that was before it; as Rino Di Silvestro's films are completely lacking, and if there is any point in the draw; he did not set there on purpose. Humorous manure is often regarded as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad movie bad', but I fully agree. Normally, I like films like this; but werewolf woman is indeed a bad movie, and despite all sex and frog on display; It does not even make for a fun look, and that really is unforgivable. The film really does not have much to draw, but the slim slice we provide involves a young woman, who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf. It's the dream going out and finding people, having sex with them and eventually killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes out for revenge ... <br /> <br /> The movie made up of the sex scene with Gore, making They are padded out and very strictly speaking sequence in which various characters mull over recent events. These scenes are probably have to forward the plot and build characters; but they really do not, and succeed only in turning what could have been a sufficient exploitation of a very underwhelming movie. It would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the scheme, and this is shown by the fact that the film looks like beautiful sounds. The sex scenes are often overlong and not very erotic, but the Gore works well. The first is to give way to a very sexy slice of exploitation, as there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character has a linguistic origin means that there might be plenty of erotica; but that's not to capitalize on, and while I can boast large doses of bad deeds and harm plot lines, I really can not stand watching movie and being bored. In general, I would not even recommend this movie to great fan exploitation. There are many things better than this out, and while the title can sound intriguing - the movie is not.
