"La Lupa Mannara" aka. The "Werewolf Woman" in 1976 is a film that has a very promising title, but, unfortunately, the film itself is very far from being a must-see for fellow fellow horror my fellow. You will not hear me saying that Rino Di Silvestri's movie is entirely bad - it has its stylish moments, and the first half is actually great fun to look (though the fun is unintentionally). The film also profits from an exceptionally leading actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, with no real plot (at least no linear) often makes no sense at all, and it strikes incredibly in every half of extra useless design. Daniella (Annik Borel) has strange dreams about a dancing around naked in the night before turning into a werewolf Woman. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then when her sister (culture mermaid Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit with her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to the husband and immediately turns into a werewolf woman herself ... or something. The scenario really does not make the slightest sense, making the film a lot of fun to look at all the first half. The leading character Daniella is some schizophrenic mixture of hysterical hysteria and nymphomaniac lusty, who occasionally turns into a werewolf woman. Director Said Silvestri has chosen to make up for the draw-hole and a lot of female nudity, which works fine for me. There are also some nice well-made moments. The movie is never even a little thrilling or crap, but it is very fun at the beginning. Also, there are no attempts to hide that this is a slice of sleaze, the camera often makes pre-ups on the mermaid party for the extremes except in it. I do not complain. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri chose to make the movie again by completely changing the direction in which he was going. While Daniella is, first, a typical werewolf, who can not help but follow the curse of his curse, this suddenly changes when he meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss "in 1973). Suddenly, it goes back to normal again, and the subsequent part of the film does not go all around but with the first half. It gets very damn boring over time; All things considered, it probably would be best for this minute movie 99 to be only 70 minutes long. In the end, they even want to believe that the story is absurd (if anyone can call it) based on true events. "Werewolf's Wife" has some kind of royalty; My fellow Italo-Horror fans can give him a try. However, if you want to watch Italian movie / movie exploitation from the 70s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you see this one.
