This film offers absolutely no imagination in its quotation and its execution, but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy with no energy to speak at. The story is about nit-reliable on risk analyst Ruben Feffer (Ben Stiller) who found his new Lisa (Debra Messing) cheating on her and an instructor equipped (Hank Azaria) after just one day on their honeymoon. Upon returning home Wuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) go to a party and run into Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston) whom they go to school and earlier years. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgotten and sloppy with life against which is the opposite who Wuben is like someone but to start dating with Roben begins to change as a people as it begins to try new things like dancing salsa and eating spicy foods. But one day Lisa comes back and wants to stay married to Reuben but she really does not want but Polly decides to leave her unbelieving marriage. Second-hand effort by John Hamburg wrote two generally unfunny scenarios in "Zoolander" and "Parents Meet" but these two films seem like classic compared to this piece of drivel. It's very easy to say something is not funny but I think with this movie it's even easier to figure out why. This film is totally and absolutely predictable from beginning to end with all looking scenes as if it's only happening because of the ridicule of the script. Hamburg also wrote the script seems to have written this without any thought of trying something different and at times it seems trying to generate the same energy as "There is something about Mary" but instead the events seem incredibly forcing. Does anyone really think the notice was funny? If you do, it's easy! A few times during the movie characters would inexplicably have these emotional speeches that are supposed to summarize everything, but all that they achieve is overstating the obvious. Stiller works extensively, but perhaps he should work less and just wait for the scripts better to come his way because this movie does not work as a comedy or as a romance.
