"Boom" has won itself something of a reputation. With heavyweights Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey, one might tempt think, how bad would it be? Well, it's a lot worse than you could possibly imagine. The sad and disturbing reality of "Boom" is that it seems signal decline and autumn of the aforementioned heavyweights. It was only Joseph Joseph Losey's director who had plummeted the depths and "Blaise" and "Boom" (some may want to add "Secret Ceremony"), managed to recover and in 1970 create his best work, wonderful "Go- ant ". <br /> <br /> Sad at all is the work of Tennesee Williams. From the mid-seventies until the early sixties, Williams has announced a number of plays that have become classic statues, which live in theatrical repertoire all over the world, many become very proud film. When William's muse left him, probably wound up in his substance abuse substance, he deserted it for good. Williams at her best is an actor's dream to give many unforgettable performances. (Was Gardner or Deborah Kerr ever better than in the "Night of the Iguana"?) Taylor in particular, shone in both "cats on a hot tiled roof" and "suddenly the last summer". There is an anecdote in which supposedly Taylor asks Jan Gielgud if he would teach him to play Shakespeare, which he replied "if you will teach me to play Tennessee Williams". While Gielgud saw "Boom" he could keep his tongue. Taylor simply never got worse, turning into a pencil performance induced. Although his face pictures well, it is determined podgy. In addition to the physical decline, since this winter it would basically lose credibility as a serious actress and a fuller pardon (and worse) role in his credit. <br /> <br /> Many of the same could say in Burton. After short live theater star, he had fame and fortune in Hollywood. But the body of his work at this point (1968) should be unremarkable to say the least. Noel Coward has long ceased to be a force in the theater where his cartoon chamber commemorates were replaced by Williams and the British "angry young men". It seems to be enjoying herself her camp, but barely managing heroes, from the man who claimed to be a talent. Just a member of the cast dignity she is young Joanna Shimkus, who in a few years would defend a promising career to become Ms. Sidney Poitier. <br /> <br /> "Boom" reeks in self tolerance; it's simply out of control. A rather sad career counsel goes wrong rather than a fun Fest camp like some have suggested.
