It's a bad season for Bollywood and all the big releases and a massive hype surrounding proven to be duds in the box office. London dream is no exception to that. Let's skip it ... It's all about chasing your dreams and how far you'll go to realize it. Impressive right? But unfortunately the movie is not. Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is an aspiring musician who wants to make it big a day. Her dream is to make Wembley stadium in front of a 90,000-meter battery called her name. It is joined by two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (debut Aditya Roy & Ranvijay) and a ravishing Priest (Asin). Together they form the "dreams London" dreams. After impressing the chief of a record company, they become overnight sensations. Arjun is secretly in love with Priya who he does not want to reveal up to his goals. Arjun then brought his childhood friend Manjit Khosla aka Mannu (Salman Khan), a flirtatious guy against who had no ambitions in life, to join the band. Mannu is a trained musician with a real talent for which later Arjun becomes envious of Mannu's superior skills and his affair with Priya. Arjun with the help of Zoheb plans for Mann Mann. What happens next to the rest of the movies. <br /> <br /> Become the technical aspect we feel only the shadow of Vipul Amritlal Sha who we admired in Namaste London. Feel like it simply visualizes the scenario. To cut it short, a ceremonial praise. Screenplay by Suresh Nair dulls even though he has his moments. Defined in a predictable mode, the scenario makes you stiff. Camera work was scary in capturing beauty in London. It's just the fun part while watching songs. <br /> <br /> Some songs are pigeon while others are brilliant low fare. Ajay was one who stole the show with his negative character. Salmon is monotonous and it irks you. Asin is forgettable and I do not do it will make it great in Bollywood. Aditya Roy is impressive while Sailing is just OK. Brinda as the bitch is what we saw in innumerable movies. Ompuri is ongoing with the procedures. I do not want to break down on the flaws as it will be a scruffy job. Finally let me put it simple and straightforward, London Dream is a soulless movie that you can best enjoy on DVD.
