London dream, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrating movie about fools. It's the kind of movie that has central conflicts should immediately resolve if the characters concerned simply sit and have a chat. Ajag Devgan plays Arjun, a pop artiste aspiring and doing before a crowd cheering at Wembley London's stadium. She became jealous of her best friend and band-Manate Manu, playing by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than her, but nowhere near as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the letter's popularity threatens its own. Now, here's where a heart-to-heart might help. Arjun explained what this fixing Wembley meant, Manu would have been neatly leaning off and leaving Arjun meeting his childhood dream, and we would have killed the agon in watching the rest of this uninspiring erection. But director Vipul Shah and his writers in any mood do us any favor. London dreams loaded with hilarious unwanted gems like this back-story involving Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide from shame to get scary-scary at a Wembley concert concerts. Or the ridiculous incident in a show where Manu must take on vocal responsibility after a confetti blast practically chews Arjun in silence. The idiocy, however, does not end there. In his attempt to humiliate Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connection to get Manu tuned on drugs. A buxom groupie encouraged Manu to drop a couple of tequila shots with him, but he replaced his salt and cocaine. Before you know, Manu has acquired quite appetite for the white addictive powder, practically chomping it down like dinner. If not enough, there is a gross scene later in which Manu chases after the girl was told to know who she was ordered. The pursuit ended in a dark London leaf where the girl came down on her knees pretending to be unmentionable so as the girlfriend of the girlfriend who was secretly following them. Wait, there is more! Expecting for hysterical vernacular when Arjun moves his belly and whispers to his compassion to banish all thoughts of romance or lust toward the dance prize Priya Priya (played by Asin) because there is nothing and no one must distract him from the musical goals li. Too generously inspired by Amadeus Milos Forman to deserve any comparison with Rock last year!, The latest Vipul Shah is a clunky melodrama as this is wounding as it is scripted. The film goes for humor, emotional over-the-top, and basically chooses pregnancy on subtlety. Who works for Manu's character, and Salman Khan play it all loutish and lovable, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan from too passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. When Arjun arrives at boiling point however, it results in a pre-climax stage in which he lectures a concert hall filled with and is understood to stick with plastic bottles as punishment. At the left cast, there's not a kind word I can say for Asin, which practically lights Ghajini with his ebullient charm, but disappears here and is unnecessary on-act in an unbearable role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to the trumpet only in the group, show up at regular intervals, usually to talk to some inhuman dialogues such as, "We'll rock it dude!" For his dummy-dummy writing and sloppy directions, London dream is finally a tedious look. If you owe it, watch it for Salman Khan who in turn buffoonery in a good acting style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad movie.
