When this movie was the first TV show I hoped we would finally have a decent movie about World War II as experienced by US soldiers. Unfortunately this is not it. <br /> It should have been a good movie on WWI. Even if he did for television it was obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and accessory. But the writing and directing are seriously missing, though the musicians of this movie obviously borrow freely from quite a few well made movie wars. War film cliche luxurious as the arrogant general who apparently does not care for a flip about the lives of his guys. When Hollywood realized that, though there were so many general generals, most units combat units saw many struggling themselves and not naive on what the average grunt experience? The first part of this film appeared "Paths of Glory" and American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally attracted. Later on Chamberlain's charge (except hard) came from "Gettysburg" and even captured the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from the "Red Line of Lines". But in the "red thin line" the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this movie a ring formed around the new prisoner in the middle of a fight. If this movie uses a military adviser to ignore it. Even though the actors (and I can never forget being actors while watching) my military tactic did not see much of it. American soldiers would stop for the German attack. And the infamous storm troupe, which was apparently blind, was used by all tactic attacks in the attacks. In the real war, the tactics were what made storm troops so effective. But the silliest scene was the attack of the German Flamethrowers. At this stage the German flamethrower operators walked into a great line towards defending the Americans. If that were real would never have been close enough to use the flamethrowers before they all fell to the defender's bullets. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most of the movie wars are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown. But it's still disappointing. But what really turned me into this movie was the typical anti-war anti-military angle that film makers seem to think important. True, war is hell. But most US soldiers, even though they are grumble and claws, tend to believe in what they are doing and may be rather gung-ho on it. My grandfather served in the First World War. Even though she died four years before I was born I was proud to be in her service.
