The Eternal Jew (Ewoy Jude) does not have what we today would call the marks of a scholarly document: rather than noning experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants We believe (one will be due to the unwanted Americans in this period were also much less regulated than would seem ethical to a modern audience, often wear dramatic scenes and spend them off as real news footage). Adding to this propaganda directly that Hippler cinema was "preached to the convert," not so much as demanding European Gentiles to hate the Jews as validating their feelings so many of them must have been caught, in order to allow the Holocaust to follow . The weaker link in the film's logic shows in its "rat" analogy, where it goes on to explain the behavior of rats, and then adds something the effect of "Well, the Jewish people as well." Likewise it characterizes Jewish people as ugly by displaying Jewish people in comparison to Gentiles attracted; Accompanying the leap of faith is that ugly is bad. The film appeared to contradict itself a few times, for example by attacking Western paintings depicting ancient Old Testament characters as light-skinned European; Thus the text admitted that what is called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact an irrigation aspect of Christian culture. It also shows Jews living in the cockroaches infiltrating, despite the treasures assumed to be surrounded, and then flip-flops by saying that even the undesirable things are living in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave ghetto a. Incidentally, who would not? Using scenes from a well-known American movie, House of Rothschild, shows an equally distressing logic. First the film is denounced as did Jewish; Then it is apparently used by Hippler to verify the Jewish trumpets (the aforementioned pretense of poverty by Jewish ghetto, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, although Rothschild's character "turn" is that the Jews are pennants too much); Finally, the Rothschild film is once again worn out for the famine that the famed family is inventing the current account. This apparent indicator of whether the American footprint shows positively or negatively could become clear and repeat response, but at first sight it makes for some noble moviewatching. For all the imperfections of eternal Jews, I was first surprised that the IMDB Rating Rating for this movie is as high as it is, just shy of a "5" to date. I would say why the value of EJ's documentary has exceeded its original purpose, offering us, involuntarily, a look at the lives of European Jews that they might not see a few years hence. Needless to say, the very bad movie also gives a historical insight into bad, or simply wrong, achievements as the propaganda tool. About this time I should expect Hippler director flip flop once again, spring forward to say "That's what I mean to do all along!" Scenes depicting killed creatures are particularly gruesome, and show just as brutally disrespectful, contrary to the intent of Kosher law to prevent suffering animals. I would like to see someone who has seen the movie, and has some knowledge of these procedures, commenting on whether the painter is accurate.
