This is a movie baffling. The beauty of sexual intercourse between men and women is depicted by a male and female series that can only be described as a collection of oddballs and misfits. Greenaway acknowledges his inspiration from Fellini's film "8 1/2", but whereas Fellini is a title in global movies, greenaway is not. <br /> It does not have any of the maestro's lightness in earning its ability to convey feelings and emotions with an accident in clarity. <br /> It is firefighter, the movie is divided into chapters with a written introduction of each, as if the viewer must be guided in the movie except that the notices write only live on screen for a few seconds, not long enough to be read by the audience and the result that they are mostly ignored. <br /> <br /> As for women, only two can be described as guards, Palmira, played by Polly Walker and Giaconda played by Natasha Amal. The rest is bitter and banal. Both women and men are retired from the harsh light of reality in the tiny colors of fantasy. Greenaway obviously wants to make the point that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness. Women themselves are depressing since they render their services in exchange for money. Relations between men and women are debited in a commercial transaction. There is no sense of joy or happiness or love in the movie, indeed there are several scenes that deeply unpleasant: <br /> <br /> Suggestions in an unstoppable relationship between father and son, Philip and Emmental floor play respectively John stands with Delamere Matthew. Lack of respect to both men Giaconda is bringing their children, in fact, getting pregnant twice, the first fetus was canceled and the second time he sent to a chosen destination of the guys from a flight book. Both men have sex with a woman with no feet, (half the woman in the title). The peculiarity that exists between Beryl, played by Amanda Plummer, and a pig called Hortense. Fathers and sons share women between them. Women enjoy being sexually beaten. The father sleeps with the corpse of his dead wife. <br /> <br /> Merci, none of these scenes are shown sexually, only hinted at. The hint degradation of women is such that there can not be any wonder that the film was booed when it first premiere in Cannes. What is more extraordinary is that the actresses of the film lined up to defend it, showing again that there is no limit to the naivety of women and that women will be fools themselves in being exploited by men. The Greenaway style template is firefighting, it is a triumph of style on substance, an illustration of Film as Art accompanied by the abandon in common sense. Greenaway tries to attain the sublimity of surrealism but only succeed in showing Banalite's in human relationships.
