Jean Seberg did not have a single talent to act. As with all his films, 'sadness' will suffer by all out of his looks (though it is perhaps the first of these modern women who Tom Wolfe gleefully, accurately described as "boy and breast": the publicist, neck, use the word "gamine"), but suffers seriously from Seberg's subjects, monotonous, slaughtered voice. Throughout his movie when playing anger, Seberg played it with incredibly sonic, distracting, gasping panting between her monotonous verbalization. Oy. <br /> <br /> Premiere adaptation of Française Sagan's juvenile sense of fantasy soap opera scheme is noticeably only for her apparent movies - but then this hard funk on the French photographer's Riviera, and perhaps for her , but certainly not groundbreaking, working in black & white for the present day scenes from which Sebergot's monotonous narratives delivers us in flashing-back to past colors. <br /> <br /> Juliette Gréco has a short time, as a nightclub of the black & white documentary, giving Dietrichesque to smoke the lyric's existential voice in the title song. The moment is nowadays, in retrospect, more than a little bit. Except, of course, if you're French - especially if you are a French "68-er" longing for the wonderful days of the Sorbonne peanut barricades - and your kids riot keeps the lifelong cinema that has been blighted and Emasculate France Economy: Then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all of these Arcane, irrelevant theorists. <br /> David Niven has the toughest role, having to play with enough greeting an aging advisor who's again grasping that life is not all about Sagan's teenybopper notion in a hip, cool, swingin ', "mon copain ! " Dad. Deborah Kerr delivers his usual, consummative vocational presence, convincing playing women at Seberg's sudden illness to generate snot-envy jealousies (performing Sagan's fantasy fantasy in the classic theme of "Can Be One Queen Bee in the Hive"); In fact, Kerr is part of this single and memorable movie on this single movie screen. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is unnatural - I agree with an earlier review that it sounds to be "seriously translated" from French; Combine the abnormal scripting with Seberg's unmatched dull, unbeatable monotone and you can save Valium for another night. Underneath all of the unsupportable synched post-production voice dubbing is, almost all, obviously and thus much more than irkome: this is especially true of the duplication of Mylène Demongeot because it spoils her otherwise pretty fun blonde performance. <br /> <Hunky Geoffrey Horne gets the short end of the wild here - a very good looking young man who has suffered from a less-than-beautiful, unnamed voice that, when paired with Seberg's beer, convincing stage production in love puppy. (Horne was, let's say, merely adequately in 'Bridge over the Kwai River,' maybe because his end had risen in those big movies by William Holden and Jack Hawkins instead of being supported by the irrepressible slumber Seberg ). > <br /> In sumptuous Bonjour sum is beautiful look at it's deep, immature soap: Thin Gruel and Suds.
