It is obvious that those who made 'Dead at the Box Office' love B-movie horror. Opening benchmarks in the genre is peppered at all, from stock characters (figures of authority that do not believe the whopping invasion really pass) Kevin Smith style discussions are reenacting last Denane Jones' latest from 'dead to dead' not once but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately it takes more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The pickup and shot options are unexciting and inimaginable. While a common warning to film school is to avoid 'Mastershot Theater', telling the story completely in a wide meter shot, here we find the hostel as in many sequences it's difficult to figure out the spatial relationships between characters as the story said in a series of medium vaccine with no established injections attached to it. Editing is drab and basic and at times has unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making the scenes in the dark theater difficult to make out (there was lighting, or was this shot and light available only?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is trite, and performance, for the most part, one-note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and screen presence as Curtis, and the fellow playing projectionist has some fun dickish lines; Michael Allen Williams as Theater Manager with Casey Kirkpatrick as enthusiastic Eric Geek movie has some nice moments). The first is funny, even for a horror movie B (Also, it's too bad Dr. Eisner was unaware of Project Paperclip - he might have saved himself a lot of problems!). The 'zombies' are not threatened, and their makeup is compelling (although the rugged zombie trying to find a gumball from the car raised a smile). For a zombie fan movie, there are lots of blood or violence, although what is, is very busy. The occasional music, while unmatched styles, are kind of beautiful at times, and some good foley effects. The 'Time Warp' parody was a pleasure list, although the images went along with it was less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the dialogue looped flat sounds. This shot was not five (doubtful, it looks like the video and the)? I watched the special introduction by Troma Films' Lloyd Kaufman before the main feature - although it was essentially in Kaufman plugging his own thing and admitting that he had not seen the movie while mugged a person in a toxic mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were higher than 'Dead' itself (the fastest place to put the DVD together - the countdown on film films only on the flash-frame 2, not on every number plus one more afterwards). For this, the movie Vampire Theater is watching it early in 'Dead ...' look a lot more fun than that. Recommendations to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or is a full Lloyd Kaufman complex (she plays the 'Kaufman Minion' in film-in-a-movie). <br /> (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is a supplementary to this movie. I swear this did not color my review.)
