An answer to previous comments made by resident of the region where this motion picture was launched: Someone suggested that the shutdown and destruction of the Ocean View Amusement Park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Prior to construction of Interstate 64, which bypassed the Ocean View area, the main road for traffic went to the heart of Ocean View. Once faced with the state, Ocean View has rapidly become a ghost town with closed businesses and an increase in crime. This resulted in a huge reduction in revenue for the park, which also faced new competition from Busch Gardens nearby to Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in the past few years, the City of Norfolk has done a remarkable job to promote redevelopment for this area to become a sought-after location for construction of high-end housing. He also said that the footage of the roller coaster was being used in the movie "Roller Coasters". This is also true. Footage shot by two coaster cars captured on the ride for that movie, but current explosions and the exclusive collapse of "Death at Ocean View Park". As on the film itself, the storyline of a "supernatural" force of the water adjacent to the park was certainly unusual, but a bit typical for B-class movies in the allotted time. With the cast involved, there should be no surprise that the scenery was tied to almost every scene by the main actors. I do not think that this film was designed for another "Citizen Kane"; I believe Playboy had experimented with a new non-nude format to determine whether this was an area for the company to expand in (apparently not!). An unusual force in the water that causes strange events in an old amusement park probably sound good at the conference table, but it proved defamatory in execution. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined for the ball to be demolished anyway; "Let's come up with a strange way to justify an explosive break!". For the casual visual movie movie, this should be a "seeing once and forgetting it" movie (except for Diana Canova fans); but for thousands of residents of the region and have memories of fans in the park, this film is like a "walk down memory lane" for foot in the park as well as the old foot of downtown Norfolk, first "Harborfest" and Old Dominion University. Even a limited release of this movie on DVD should be welcomed.
