An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss wife (Isabelle Huppert). She hit a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being attacked but she can not call the cops because she would blow her wedding to Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So, Guttenberg, honest citizens that he is, when he discovered that another woman was attacked and killed near only half an hour later, coming forward and claiming to witness the first attack, simply thinking about passing information given by Huppert. Well - never bring false witness against your neighbors, as they say. <br /> This simple attempt helps the naval police a swindler to swiftly swing. When he meets the first victim, McGovern, he immediately brushes what happened, but agrees to keep quiet for the moment. But then Guttenberg finds himself in court, supposed to identify the Heavyweight (Greenquist) and we discover in cross-examination that he is NEAR-attractive and can not identify objects at a distance, let alone face . (Not that it's important because, after all, he never sees the creep in the first place.) The plot becomes practically maze. Guttenberg winds up the chief suspect when Huppert is murdered too. <br /> It barely escapes arrests and holes up with McGovern's now-sympathetic. Guttenberg and McGovern shave a plane to catch the murderer. It will serve as bait. They will follow the flotive ramp of one of its horror seduces and McGovern will act like the doxy that the murderer has attracted, just to get him to try to kill him. But everything will be okay, look, because not only will Guttenberg keep a close look at it, and not only will it alert the police a few minutes after it enters this dive, but it will hold a case in mace handy - just in case. <br /> I ask you, the aless visualizer, this storyline unfold as it planned? Elizabeth McGovern has an interesting bone structure. It looks like all sorts of mouth and mouth at times, but it's vibrant. Steve Guttenberg has his brave hair and is on it. Otherwise it is as discouraging as the character it plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act, it's not obvious in this movie. The assassin is so trained and so groomed that it seems that he has brought one of these flawless masks in epiczone area of ​​this greedy heir. <br /> <br /> Was not the director, Curtis Hanson, going to do "confidential"? That was a piece of nicely done. Here, everything looks clumsy and fragrant, down to the little little parts. Just before Bigger Violent Assessment, a uniform police officer is presenting for delaying McGovern's rescue, and the scene is embarrassing to watch. Dick Olsen has a small party as a late buyer. He is a clean guy and always reliable. Paul Shenar as the snowman cuckolded has a striking figure made for the scene and does a fine job too. <br /> Here's learing joints where McGovern attracts attention to the murderer, where he plays pool and a couple of hairy vessels, shot at a bar in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, not far from where I lived. The interior way of setting up, it is clear that this would be a dangerous and dirty dive. Actually it appears rather more elegant on screen than it did in reality. <br /> In general, this is Hitchcock territory and it brings tears to imagining what he would do with this story.
