He often said that Tobe Hooper just hit the luck and movie his 1974 movie 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' and every time I saw another Hooper movie - which sees only reinforced. It would seem that Hooper wanted to make his own version of films like Scanners and Firestarter in 1990 and so we ended up spontaneously; a movie with a couple of good ideas and a whole load plus being borrowed from other films. Put it all together and you get a movie, boring movie that most people would do well to miss! The film led the audience to believe that it would be half decent initially with an intriguing back story that focused on some experiences carried out by two young people in fifty soldiers. The couple has a child and shortly afterwards burns to death as a result of their experience. Fast forward a few years and the baby is now an adult named Sam; but of course it's not a normal person and soon find out when he discovered that he had the ability to put things on fire at will. Brad Dourif's movie star, who must have seemed like a good casting choice to give her success and play two years earlier; but actually it was an uninspired decision as the central performance is really awful; and did not help by the terrible performances performed. The turgid direction and script script also do not make the movie much favor and the tendency of lack of favor is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and nothing about the films that this one is off; All of them did a few years earlier. The draw is really slow and it's almost an hour before anything of note happens, and I did not care for it then. It soon becomes evident that the film's direction will go through and it's all nails down to the tedious ending you'd expect. The final confrontation is a great disappointment and nothing really explains during the movie. Not that any revelation would be interesting anyway. In general, this is a waste film and another reason that Tobe Hooper is a long way from being a great horror director. See Firestarter again instead.
