Exercise Tobe Hooper exercises regarding an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) and the ability to put people on fire. This ability came from parents who participated in atomic experiences in 50 years. They die from spontaneous human combat and it seems that Sam begins to suffer from the pillows his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives him to take for rough migraines. In fact, Lisa was told to manipulate Sam by taking pills by Lew Orlander (William Prince), the very handsome young father who raised her from a child. Lew has benevolent plans .. he sees Sam as the first "atomic man", a machine killing the highest quality in human form. Sam never wanted this and will do whatever he silent the person responsible for his condition. As the film goes, Sam's blood will slowly grow toxic, green in color instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often burned have reacted to the opposite right when the uncontrollable shock Sam flames fire. Coming to find out, Lisa has Sam's condition that parents have also died from SHC. Dr Marsh (Jon Cypher), a Sam Sam knew for some time as his doctor, is toxic toxic fluid in the body, I guess raising the levels of flame. Nina (Melinda Dillon, sporting an accent missing and out) is Sam's parents friend and associates about the experiences of the 50 who are trying to talk things over with him about what's going on. And, Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's former wife who may be working against her ex-husband and Lew and her husband mis and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a strange little movie horror, filled with some beautiful flaming effect. Throwing tries to bring a tragic element to the intensity of his character whose behavior continues to look like his body slowly becomes toxic waste and often ignites in his orifices. There's this big hole in his arm that spits out flames like a volcano and a massive spot burning on his hands that increases in size over time. The best scenes are probably when director John Landis, who shows a rude electrical engineer trying to inform Sam in hang up because his radio program was sounding for the night, becoming a victim of SHC. The flick is never well worked because it's so unhealthy inflation and a final abrupt, where Sam offers free Lisa to fire and does not take it out of it.
