The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give away the "Man to predict" as an obvious rip-off of the "flying". And Bryant Haliday, while better than the typical IMDb review would have you think, nobody is an acceptable stand-up for Vincent Price. Although, come to think of it, who should, unless Micheal Gough was available ?? Still, if you are in the mood to watch a British style movie "Hammer" and a science fiction theme on a teleportation experience goes horribly wrong ... well, you still may want to give the "projected man" a pass and rummage around the rest of the bin of your local Wal-Mart for another TV-crash movie. Because this one just is not all that good. <br /> <br /> Friday keeps a lot of good carpeted carpets from the MST3K crew for her part in this movie and the "Devil Doll" but it is actually the best thing in TPM. Perhaps it can not bring the movie, but it has virtually no help here in the scenario. The bug scroll down any moment before the scheme can be in a mud mud on funding and university politics with a guy named Lembach and some disaster cabin who wants teleportation cars fail so they can steal its secrets. or something. So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of film involves either phone calls or compelling special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting ratios. Then, when poor Haliday gets mutilated by his car, he spent the last part of the movie wearing a diaper on half his face and rubber cement on the rest while reading various electrocutes Londoners that luck through his path . Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorns could not have done this scenario work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile all other actors are diligent to inject life and interest in their role for this little turgid project, but the scenario just swallows the whole efforts. The projector of cold and smoke corruption and usage of his phone in his blackmailers, while failing to notice that it looks like a werewolf fitted in a tweed costume with a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistance and ex-girlfriend have the least convinced romance in the British movie history. His secretary is forced to parade around in his "small". None of it really works or frost in a real movie. And it's all just kind of stopping dead, leaving the viewer going, "Eh? Excuse me, was not supposed to be a finished here?" <br /> Still, for all its problems, I can easily name a dozen horror movies in the same period as bad or worse, and so could anyone else follow movies (or have ever been surfing IMDb "Bottom 100 la "). I would not actually pay money to own "Projected People", but if it was included in some compilations along with a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I would probably feel OK about it. It's a harmonious rehabilitation, perfect for a movie movie film horror, watching with friends while consuming numerous beers and snacks on a Saturday evening.
