Professor Paul Steiner conducts research into substance transfer. He has developed a machine that he can use to make an object such as a wrist look or rodents disappear, only there are objects that are re-materialized in a different location. But there are people in his research facility who do not like or approve of his experience, and will do whatever he takes to see that he does not succeed. After a failed manifestation that could save his funding, Professor Steiner decided to test his car on his head. As expected, things go horribly wrong and is transformed into a very scary stomach that has touched touches will kill. <br /> In retrospect, maybe it was not such a good idea to re-look the projected man in the same week I watched Fly, Return to the Fly, and Curse of the Fly. There seems to be only many films about substance transfers and effects that can severely affect the human body that a person should make in a three or four day period. I'm not sure what is responsible for the film list as the source material for the Man to predict, but many of it is just like the Cinema Fly that it can not only coincidence. However, predicted food is not as nearly as good as the worst of the flying trilogy. In addition to being intrigued, the Man has predicted several other issues that really hurt the movie's fun. One big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday in the lead. It's like a horse's horse that, not only do I care about her suffering, I'm actually rooting for her. Supported members of Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so bland and mature hardly matter. In fact, there are very few getting excited about while looking at People who predicted. Soundtrack a ?? not very memorable. "Look at" ?? I would describe many of it as "mud." The plot ?? predictable. The action ?? no. In general, this is one to avoid. <br /> Fortunately, I looked at People Projected through a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 Episode. Funny stuff! While not an absolute, very often, the poorest movie ?? The best MST3K riffs. The guys hit almost all the marks and guys. I'll give it a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
