I tend to love everything big late Paul Naschy's (R.I.P.) ever. While not all Naschy films are great, they all have a specific charm that can be found now, but in Naschy flicks, and they are always fun. There are no rules without exception, however, as "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil Has Owned" (1974) proven. While the film has the specific niche-flicker-film, it sadly drags far too much and gets really, really dull in between. Noble stars like the Baron Gilles De Lancré, who squeeze the people and use the magic black and ritual of power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fights side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns about Baron's bad behavior, he decides to turn his old peers into arms and help people free themselves from the tyranny The Satanic Baron ... It was said that León Klimovsky, who is best known for leading Naschy's "La Noche de Walpurgis" ("The Vowar's Wizard of Vampire", 1971), the film was scripted by Naschy Jigsaw li. Naschy often scripted his own movie, and one must say that he's mostly made a better, more original job than it is the case here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built up as a historical adventure rather than a horror movie, and it gets quite boring in the middle. It often resembles the film and sandals from the 50s, only that this film is set in medieval times. Part of Satanic was probably only added because Paul Naschy's great name is closely linked to the horror genre. The film has its good part: Paul Naschy gives us some rhythms, Paul Naschy looks strange, Paul Naschy does things Satanic, Paul Naschy tortured innocent victims, etc. But sadly, most of the movie focuses on the boring hero and the good guys , and these moments are boring. The girls throw the girls beautiful look at, but, unlike most Naschy films, this one features no stripping and sleaze. Some gore, but it mostly looks clumsy and is not as fun too to look at as it is the case with most other Naschy films. In general, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is just worth a look for fellow fellow niches. There are dozens of films that begin Spanish Horror deities that should be seen before this one, such as "El Jorobado de la Morgue" ("Hunchback of the Morgue", 1973), "The Orgia Of Los Muertos" , 1973), "El Espanto Surge de La Tumba", "Laticos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), or any of the films 'Waldemar Daninsky'. R.I.P. Paul Naschy. Legends Never Die!
