It is very clear that the crew and crew crews set out to paint a less complimentary picture of the Palestinian Girl and her family. The movie and her website are trying to say that Ayat has a secret purpose for herself to beheaded and Rachel rose - a boyfriend problem - perhaps pregnancy. Cleverly glossed about is the fact that Ayat was himself just witnessing the death of a close friend in the Israeli hands - just outside his home. Gosh, so why on earth would be a young, beautiful, clever girl and college plans to go and do such a thing? Can it be that the hormone, emotional hormone has been traumatized by seeing someone she likes to die before her eyes so much? This detail merits all within 5 seconds of the movie. Another detailed detail is that Avigail Levy, mother Rachels', could prevent the destruction of the family building Akhras lived (along with 22 other families). One distinctly becomes the impression that he has offered this as a "concession" - Mrs. Akhras should agree to speak to her. "Why should I?" He said (since the film was destroyed-apparently the interview was not the result of what he wanted to - to carry on the bulldozers) Mrs Levy claimed he "wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance for transgender hatred "- instead of using it as an excuse for arangue mother Ayats, while pendant the house as a carrot. In addition although the women live only 4 miles apart so out of touch with the fact of the Occupation for his Palestinian neighbors, that he really thinks Ms. Akhras can just fall off for a cup of coffee? Then he asked the lucky one to meet Ms. Akhras in person and see what kind of life he lives (Akras's family came from Jaffa, but now lives in a refugee camp only 4 miles from the Levys live in luxurious comparative.Any sympathy I would have to obviously make Ms. Levy melt by when it's self-righteous bitchiness.By contrast, Ayats Mom comes as kind, immediately and loving- in spite of their efforts best by the post production crew to paint it with his family as monsters Heck even music and sound design was one - I guess the muezzin song ALL days every 4 miles from the family of Levy family, always in a key unlike Well out of the music-age music that has scored this drab excuse for a documentary. Also there is little translation problem - Ms. Levy DIRECTOR addresses the camera in English when it has something to work to say before time, Hebrew air It does not. Mrs.Akhras spoke only Arabic who had resigned EVEN sometimes sometimes a translation, sometimes transliterated, always awkward, and very suspicious for a supposedly targeted movie. They also "sweated" it under the lights, while Ms. Levy sits in (air conditioned comfort) .Roading Editions for Mrs Akhras' s section too. I gave her a 2 because I loved Ayats Mom and Dad, who seemed like good people decent. Shame on HBO, producer and director, for releasing such a stink-bomb.
