When I first popped in Happy Birthday for me, I checked the clock to see how long the movie was. I was surprised at the length. Both animated and movie films share a common ground: span the attention of the selected audience and which should be in or right around 90 minutes. Anything else, and you will lose the bulk of your audience. This 110 minute, or 20 minutes past its first was a big problem for me. I would like to say half of this movie could have been edited out, but I would be too generous to say that. Go ahead and watch it and tell me how many scenes could have been edited, even without a bigger movie. Whatever the most visited visit, the film was below the mediocre. He spent all his time trying this great mystery on which of the "elite 10" is killed by the remaining friends. For the most part, they are not just over-done, but they pull in a face and pretty much say "This guy is no! It's this scum!" You will spend more time with the camera that misleads you than actually enjoying the movie. And do not get me started on the act. <br /> Okay, that was me started. I laughed at the start trying to remember if Melissa Sue Anderson played the blind guy on the Little House on the prairie (later, research proved my suspicion correctly) because all the way in this film, he really looked blind. Strangely, as an established actress, it should have been the best of the band, but turned out to be the worst. The rest of the staff, aside from Ann (Bregman) was very damn bad, too, but he, uh, took the cake. The movie begins with a group of ten friends, and the one immediately kills off. Loved anyone think twice in this disappeared "dear" friend, so continue on their happy way. Slowly, then faster, there are revelations about the Virginia (Anderson), the main character, past and her psychologists, who are in a bit more personal tadpoles (AND CALL 24/7, apparently) than most recalculated. All the time, more and more deaths occur. <br /> What's funny is, as the first "disappearance," the more "best buds" disappear, less care of the rest. Sure, given a few seconds of time when saying "Wow, (that person) just would not run" etc., but then they returned to their sexual way. And to talk about that, it's probably due to the death script, or maybe it was I who lost interest in 30 minutes, but it was really hard to keep up with the likes of the group as they all seemed Be the sexual partner in the next or someone would either be freaked from the MAX by another and best friend's next performer. See: The creepy guy who holds a mouse / rats in his pocket ?? literally ?? and was the most obvious suspect. I give the movie too much credit (and time,) but how it became part of the "elite 10" I will never know. <br /> But I digresse, there's a mystery here. Why do these kids target? Why does Virginia think he's killed someone, when he never proved ('until the end) that any of them actually killed? And why would the trailer and poster claims these killings to be "Six of the most rare murder you'll ever see"? Hell, even for 1981, most of these were shown in any of the first two Fridays 13th movies? Azar enough, Friday 13th Part 2 was released 2 weeks from the Happy Birthday Day for me. Perhaps they are talking about when they filmed it months before, but they were late, well, the party. <br /> <br /> When the "secrets" are revealed, trust me, you'll have to rewind 3 -4x actually find the motifs and incoherent motives, and even then put the subtitles on them to get all mumbling victim / word assassin. Even if you first find it, it's an unbelievably outrageous and hilarious final. It's almost worth seeing the movie all over yet, but as a drink game. <br /> <br /> This birthday gathering should be avoided. It's a horrific script and logic first draft ?? Please be aware that it takes several rewrite before the camera role, it has either way of acting or extreme acting on it at 100% unrealistic about how people react to extraordinary circumstances. a kid, or say 10-11 years old, I loved horror movies. (Always done, weird .. fun pleasurable pleasure, but they're getting tougher and more difficult to watch as last year.) We got our first VCR, and I was stuck as awesome movie movie in (or downloaded EDUCATION ) TV. All I remember in my Happy Birthday I received the past 10 minutes on tapes, which scared me to death ?? and obviously gave away the great mystery about who the killer was. Though I've seen other clips in this movie, I think this is the first full-length look I've ever had. Fortunately, this terrible movie did not injure me as a kid. I'm older now, and I can take this garbage. But never again. <br /> <br /> Side Note 2: That said, that crazy "Happy Birthday for me" songs played in the end credits (and as a score at all) still ramped out of me. I guess, this movie (or the last few minutes) had an influence on my childhood. Shame on you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
