There is an interesting discussion in this movie. Is it a moral person enough good enough, or do you need something more? The movie announces that without God's counsel, a moral person is good not enough. There is an early line of the movie, "You and I can look at someone who is morally good, but both know it will go to hell." While I'm not a Christian, the discussions about this while in the film were fascinating, but not in how the movie intended. I left the movie with a stronger feeling that they were morally good * is * enough. The arguments and arguments presented were heavily denied, so much that they broke the heads of the weight of their own ignorance. Fans can be something powerful, especially when inferior to the minds of unaware and unkilling. Just as George Carlin's character at Dogma said: "The hook of em in being young". Most basic is also a very interesting one. A Bible scholar from the 1890s tries to publish a book that says that God's morality is OK, as long as morality is significant. Do you tell a child not to steal? Or do you say it is not robbed because God does not tell you? (Do not bother to say that the child is not robbed because, well, how would he feel if his marble was stolen?) The author, Carlisle, wants the recommendation of his school to help sell the book ( to spread the world). However, he needs unanimous consent, and one of the intellectuals opposes it. It brings up, in a very interesting discussion early in the film about the morality for drug morality vs. speech to God's word. To prove his point, he produced a time machine (set in the movie only to perform the draw job, which I am fine with), and send Carlisle in the year 2002 to see where morality teaches God without us. /> <br /> As it should be obvious, he has his opinion, changed by what he sees, and has reversed himself by the time of his return (to return, that's not really a spoiler, this is a movie movie after all). As for the movie as a movie itself, it is very slowly and beautifully acting. Something * was * not * needed in this film, is that it produces two "bad guys" who want to try to figure out which Carlisle is, even that he's not hurt anyone, committing a crime, or anything. What's wrong with the movie just showing Carlisle's opinion, showing his view of "this world sin", and returning it with a new opinion? <br /> Also, there are a few points in the movie that affirm me that I'm glad I'm not a Christian, or at least someone who says "It's God or Not". Three near the end of the film rather to divert me .. first, when the two "bad guys" Carlisle corner right before it jumps, Carlisle does * * * only * actually jerk acts .. it fakes as time-jumps it is come to Jesus, and do it so "the bad guys" (which are Christians too, oddly enough), think they just missed the rapture. <br /> Second, after Carlisle returned, he found a boy in which he scolded at the start of the movie about not robbing (but not to mention God, kid holding the mares, ran away) and telling It's time that thieves are wrong because God commands it. Like Carlin's quote above, children in the religion are a faux-pas in my book. <br /> <br /> And finally, the epilogue. Another tactic effect. Carlisle asks the inventor how far in the future they can go, and says he does not know .. epilogue shows him trying to chain a Bible in the distant future (starting in 2100), and it fails .. hold the regroup years by 10, and try again, and not fade-out, it's in like 2030 or so. Throughout the film, Carlise mentions that he felt the end of the world coming, because the world was abounding with sin and the loss of God's name. Terrifying tactics were in use for thousands of years ... you would think of These stair clocks, the church would have been strengthened. <br /> I'm glad I saw this film. While I was fairly certain before being morally good enough, now I know it for a fact. Worth watching if you're not a Christian, to assert how happy you should not be as ignorant as the folks in this movie.
