I picked up Time Changer because it looked like a nice little-budget sci-fi movie tour and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said he had something to do with some biblical things and time travel but I did not expect a fundamentally Christian movie! The movie was decent special effects and an interesting site that could go away and was far more interesting than it was to end up being. Our hero, who is a Bible teacher from the 1890s, eventually traveled to the 2000s and finds that modern life is full of the influence of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This wonderful technological feat accomplished with the assistance of a fellow Bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional time HG-Wells-style car. The film begins to lose some credibility at this point, which is unfortunate because it happens earlier in the movie. Earlier (or maybe immediately later, can not be remembered for certain), our hero's teacher saw the teaching that appeared in a science class where he stated that scientific findings could be considered valid if he could match the Bible say. What should be obvious to anyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is about, however it is presented so that the filmmakers appear rather to point out that science is useful only if it supports claims, and otherwise it is not helpful. <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and sensitive to the context of the character of the moment. So if we accept that as the reality of life for these Bible teachers, then obviously the teacher who went and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer as I do not think there is any evidence (e has not been offered) for the Physics of Time Traveling in the Bible. So, immediately there's a problem with mixed messages and the credibility, but never mind ... After the professor is convinced to take the growth of the future, the shock of modern technology was occupied well in most cases . It was also fun not to have it estimated down to an exact year (as the character reads the date of a newspaper in his heart, a car has a horn and it scares him to not end the date: it's just two thousand and .. * honk *). Some of the trauma went on a little too long, though. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and around two days later he was invited to a church movie night and took a ride in a van. She scratched herself out of the window as a dog might be, frightened by the front lights and the engine started, etc. that seemed a bit bit like since she'd had a few days at this point and the city appears to be Well busy with traffic. In any case, this is unlikely to ignore. The rest of the technology shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the television being delayed because he did not even realize what he was until he saw a kid watching one and using a remote. Unfortunately, our hero predicted starting to preach in virtually everybody he meets as if he is a lifetime authority and religion just because he's the past and is an elder. Eventually it became itself a moment of the spotlight in the church he visited where he continued to explain his concept of Christianity in a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and perspicates, but especially was just the same as the same la. A couple of husbands in the church begin to find a funny feel about this guy (go figure) and investigate his name. They eventually conclude that it either is a time traveler or is imitating this long Bible teacher dying and decides to find out who he is. The movie frames those guys as those who do not believe bad believers to doubt. <br /> <br /> Just before the teacher is heading back to his own time, he is confronted with these two people. In an effort to avoid arresting or spreading away, it eventually breaks into an almost crazy-like rendezvous about how Jesus will come soon and that he is a prophet for whom he should listen. Just in time, she was whisked away with one of the wonderful husbands if perhaps this was the loyalty he'd heard a lot about. <br /> <br /> The ironie is that this essentially means the teacher has become a self-proclaimed (and most likely false) prophet who claims to know that the near liaison is and was sent by God when His truth was sent by his parable teacher and there is no knowledge of God (which was stated or even hinted). As I understand it, Revelation claims that the end time is only for God to know and the end of the film we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send a Bible in time come in. First 2080, then 2070, etc. as the scene disappears. It is clear he is trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he should not be able to know! Essentially, the whole quotation of the film cancels itself because because they insisted on religious beliefs and how certain things are for God to know only, meaning that there could never be a time machine in the first place because then mankind could find out something that God should know! The film's film is collapsing and making the fundamentals of all worthless as it weakens its own credibility at the end.
