One of Lone's most 'literary' stars, and time spent on character development and interaction, dialogue and business acting. The opening scene sets the stage (literally) for the personalities of the gambler, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler), and his friends, John Scott (John Wayne) the Rhodeo (says Roh-Jou-oh) star, both in they are a little randy. The film follows the adventures, as they try best with each other in the pursuit of the Mexican Juanita, and later in the pursuit of perky Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (though he would leave deceived by the true wicked, and wants to repent). And, of course, they are accused of crime of crime and must serve prison times before they escaped and were exhausted at the end. The high point is Scott always and deliberately aggravating the bouquet of Mary's shopping mall, and hitting the ladder he stands on so he can catch him and grab it as he falls. It all looks like a little contemporary for a western 30s, but it sounds better than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting action elements we find in many other Lone Stars are sorely lacking here. By Yakima Canutt. Cheap and misuse of stock footage of riders falls on horses. No George Hayes. Tedious Stooge-like bi-play between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie Swing at Scott, Scott stomping on his feet and then punching him (repeated twice more!). Paul's qualified staff is underused. Eddy Chandler himself, here's his big star turn, is not really credible as a side kick by randy. The villain looks too old and fat. So Chandler, who spent his later career in 300 more movies as a meatloaf uncredited. Mary Kornman, in the twenties of our "Gang" (see 'Mary the Queen of Tots' 1925) is beautiful in her scene with John Wayne, but this about her for this one. Seeds of a better western lies buried here. The ultra-short version of color, which looks good, moves along so fast, it's over if you beat more than once. Fortunately though, the embarrassing scenes with Eddy Chandler were cut.
