Before I explain the "Alias" comment telling me that the "Desert Trail" is bad even by the western standards staring the Three Stooges. In fact it features Carmen Laroux as semi-bad Juanita girl, when you hear her Mexican accent she will immediately recognize her as Senator Rita from the classic Stooge Short "saved by the Belle". <br /> <br /> In the "Desert Trail" John Wayne gets the character Moe Howard and Eddy Chandler come to play Curly Howard. Like Stooge's counterparts a gag running around the movie 53 minutes is Moe hit Curly. Wayne's character, a skim chasing intimidated, is not very endearing, but is supposed to be the good guy. <br /> Play a Cowboy Cowboy traveling Wayne keep up the rodeo box office at gunpoint and take the money the cost would have if the money was in the presence of the other good passengers have settled for 25 cents over the dollar (actually even less after Wayne dropped the box office). There is no explanation given for Wayne's load of passengers and always considered the hero who gets the girl. <br /> <br /> Things get complicated at this point because the villain (Al Ferguson) and his sidekick Larry Fine (played by Paul Fix-who would go in to play Sheriff Mika on the TV " The Rifleman ") sees Wayne Rob's office box and then steals the rest of the money and kills the rodeo manager. Moe and Curly get blamed. <br /> <br /> So Moe and Curly move to another city to get away from the law and change the names of Smith and Jones. Who they meet first, but their old friend Larry, whose sister gets interest in the 2nd half love (Senorita Rita is left behind the old town and does not make any more appearances in the movie). Larry's sister is nicely playing by a beautiful dressman Mary Kornman (now grow but on her younger days she was one of the original cast members of our Hal "Hal Gang" shorts) . Kornman is the main reason to watch the mega-host western and its scenes with Moe and Curly are better than anyone else in the production, as if they used an entirely different film to their films. <br /> <br /> Even for the 1935 sequence actions in this thing are extremely weak and the film-making techniques are staggeringly bad. The two main chase scenes end up with wide foot shots wide of a rider falling from a horse. Both times the editor cut off a shot of one of the rolled characters on the ground, but no horse in the frame, the film stock is completely different, and the character has on different clothes than the cascade rider. There is liberal use of stock footage elsewhere, none of it even remotely convinces. <br /> One thing to look for is a midway scene in the movie where Moe and Curly get on the horses and climb far (right-screen) from a cabin as the galley Posse toward the cabin from left la. The cameraman follows the stooges with a soft pot slowly and then makes a pan whist on the left side revealing the approaching posse. Outside of home movies I have never seen anything like this, not because it seems stupid (which it does) but because a competent director would never step a scene in that way. The movie would be left and then repositioned the camera with the posse movie approaching as a separate action. Or if they felt creative they would step the sequence for the camera to show passengers in the foreground with the approaching approach in the background. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
