Earlier John Wayne Lone Star Western has a bit more to go than the run-of-mill-aerial Wayne made for Lone Star up to that time. For one, he has his old friend Paul arranged in it; Ranged, being a better actor then standard Star Star star, carries a much needed professionalism in the settings instead of normal reading-line readings often delivered to these oaters. The plot, error identification, payroll theft and murder, is as trite and perfunctory as you would expect it to be in a low-budget western 1930s but the charming Wayne looks like, charms and ways to go along a line long to make this more enjoyable. Plump, balding Eddy Chandler is not quite credible as the "Wayne's partner" womanizing, and there's a gag running on something that happens when Chandler and Wayne are about to enter a growing tedious fistfight. On the other hand, Wayne's love interests played by none other than Mary Kornman, the little "Mary" in the early "Little Rascals" fame. She is a 20-year-old adult now, blonde and beautiful as a button. Most of Wayne's leading ladies in these Lone Star / Monograms "B" were fairly afflicted and colorless, but Mary is perky, lovely and, yes, sexy. There's a scene in the general store, where he works, in which Wayne asks him to get him a bottle of "tonic nerve", which happens to be on the top shelf, so he found a ladder and scrambled up at the top of the shelf. The whirling Wayling pertains little backside as he steps up the steps, then again as he comes down, then again a little minuter later when he asks him to climb up and find him another Bottle is amazingly racy for a movie made in 1935. Wayne makes no attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking out his butt. Anyway, it's a bit interesting "B", not great, but not like chop and random as much of LoneStar's output in the time. The final gunfight does not handle all that good, and Chandler gets a bit disappointing after a while, but all in all, it's worth a look, if only to see a beautiful and sexy Mary Kornman.
