When Marlene Dietrich labeled poison box office in 1938, one of a handful of actresses in the so-called exchange papers, was filmed as the Garden of Allah. How a movie might be so breathtakingly nice to see them and be so insipidly dull is beyond me. Also, how Marlene if she tries to expand her range, she does not play a sexpot stuck with such an old fashioned story is beyond me. The Garden of Allah, one of the very first films in modern technology was a novel set in the last century's turn by Robert Hitchens who then collaborated on a play adaptation with Mary Anderson runs for 241 performances in 1911-12. He then had two silent screen adaptations. The story is about a monk that runs away from the monastery from Tunisia to see some of the world's missing. He ran into a woman who protected women who were married and spent the first year caring for a sick parent. He is traveling now in the desert and two are meeting on a train. The woman is of course Marlene and the runaway monk is Charles Boyer. I'm not sure what was the head of David O. Selznick in filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman could make it taste for the audience. But you can bet that the film goes public in 1936 when they plunked their money down for a ticket to expect to see Marlene as a modern day Salome rather than a saint with that title. The public still remembers Rudolph Valentino and you can bet that he has some romantic desert and seductive expectations. <br /> <br /> As for the monks you must remember that they will support themselves in the monasteries and this particular one bottle of a special wine in which boyer is happening is one of the secrets. The monastery will have to redo its economy if Boyer leaves. Religions are a sincere group of monks, but from Charles Weldron's head down they were entitled to a little bit concerned with some self-interest. Anyway a whole lot of religious securities get said here by a pair of leads that really are not suited for the parts. Most especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this movie with an eye for the special color film desktops and forgot the plot.
