After watching the movie, I was really shocked to see such a high rating on IMDb. <br /> <br /> 'Fantastic Mr. Fox' is an adaptation of a classic children's beloved, portrait of the story in the list, Slick protagonist Mr. Fox (or 'Foxy') as he tried a 'last "The elders stolen from the daunting Boggins, Bunce and Bean. That's good, a short, one fat, one lean, or however it goes. <br /> I do not quite know where to start with my criticism. Well, I'm my late teens and was never a fan of Roald Dahl, but I love her material well enough, she read a few of her books as a kid and see Matilda and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory over and over again. This movie, however, struggles for a hearing. Is it targeted for kids? Adult? I'm still finished! Many of the 'jokes' would make a child, especially as Mr. Fox visited a lawyer for example, or complained about being poor. Also, a hearing (accepted) children expect to be sympathized with a character stolen and killed by chickens. I'm all for the food chain, but you practically see Mr. Fox biting down on the strokes! Surely it's a bit bigger? And also, the plot ... well it's kind of boring. I was left alone with the hope he found best, but instead I was just more and more annoyed by Mr Fox and his son Ash for stupid decision. The humor, meanwhile, falls flat. I laugh only once or twice, even though I specifically acknowledge attempt in jokes. I think part of it is that the voice acts so incredibly flat and monotonous. The voice actors have no sense of humor distribution, rather aimed at subtleties of humor that work only with certain means. George Clooney aims to show Mr. Fox as good and sweet, but his voice has no character. Meryl Streep does not show any emotions, I did not even realize Bill Murray had a role until the credits ended, with Ash, twelve years old in fox-year, sound like it's over 30. <br /> I love animation, particularly stop movement, but the visual style actually strengthens me out a little. The characters are high, spindly and lack any heat in design. They move with very little fluidity and often the animation is despicable and weird. There are also a different 'mixed media' feel, as the 2D components are added to occasionally and without success. Character looked straight at the camera and talk; he was very awkward. There was one or two moments when Kylie looked straight into the camera, did not move and was whirling on his eyeballs. It actually freezes me out. <br /> <br /> Fantastic Mr. Fox had a lot of potential. Many people always seem to love it - look at the comments. Perhaps it just was not for me.
