Cassavetes was clearly a smart, sensitive person with new bold ideas about making films. He wanted to make an authoritarian, break away from the limits of the system and bring a new realism into the American cinema. For this I applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not applaud a woman under the influence. Cassavetes took that which could be a fascinating subject (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to craft a dull movie, filled with long, ad-libbed ranting and draw-out scenes. It seems they had a gift to capture the dull moments of someone's life on film, and it often appears as if it simply turned the camera over to his family and left the engine running and running. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes captured something devastatingly REAL - or even a kernel of something so real it touches the heart of how a conventional movie could not. But I've found their performance, particularly Rowlands', to be artificial. I never believed for a moment that it was really crazy. I met people who really mentally disturbed, but I never saw any of them acting like Gena Rowlands in a woman under the influence. She played it as a very obnoxious, uninhibited woman who drank much, and even that was confusing because we only saw her drink once (at the start), but she acted to drink for the rest of the movie. There are some moments in which it was hip in something real, but these moments are few and far between; It fails to sustain a socially successful behavior of mentally disturbed characters. Again, I applaud his efforts, but effort alone is not enough to make the true ring ring. <br /> <br /> Hearing audience that reaches this film and its view IMDB high rating will no doubt feel compelled to love it and rate it very, just prove to be 'finding it.' But do not be brain brake - judge for yourself. You do not have to pretend to love it. <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes was able to accuse two of his film-makers, seems to find his own psyche and experience his own life for endlessly fascinating that he could not imagine that giving The others have appeared prudent and tortuously self-indulgent. But Woody Allen has at least demonstrated a gift for keeping an entertained audience - she knows that a compelling story structure and a good humor dose are essential in any movie. If Cassavetes has employed some self discipline (and a sharp pair of correction ribbons!), A woman under the influence could have stood a chance. But what's the point of doing a 'realistic' movie if the only people who can stand up to it is the art-house advised and filmed student Cassavetes as some sort of anti-deity establishment? Without dumbing anything down, I believe Cassavetes could make A Woman a little more accessible by holding the moving pace with a current plot, instead of introducing a string of 30-minute-long string of ad-libbed arguments. If you just make movies for yourself and a few of your fans, you just got to convert it already. Watch this movie with your own eye and make your own decisions about it. If you are really moved and captivated by it, right for you.
