From actor and writer writer / director John Cassavetes, A woman under the influence gives the viewer a look at a working class family and a problem of mental instability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar worker who shows his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands) the amount of attention he deserves. From the onset of the movie, it is obvious that Mabel is very original and unusual, but only a few minutes later it is clear that it is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. From her damn. Nick tries harder to hide this from his co-worker, and after having a particularly unusual incident at dinner, she asks if she will be okay, as if she is trying to refuse Mabel's illness. Its only problem is spiraling out there. <br /> I found some particular issues with this movie. I guess these issues were mostly present in the story, and the way some of the characters acted in the end. Mabel has committed, because, honestly, it's black. Then six months later, she got ready to go out of the hospital, and her husband launched a party to welcome her back. She never acts stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all those, some of them foreign to Mabel, about his home when his wife is in such a brittle state? It's simply idiotic. And after Mabel arrives at home, Dad Mabel has a big explosion in Nick, screaming in his lungs on not wanting to eat spaghetti. Her daughter has just returned back from six months to rehab, and the thing you want to do is keep it calm and goes black on spaghetti? A few minutes later in the movie, Nick brings Mabel to the stairs and forces him to do things he did when he was mentally unstable; makes its weird noise and gestures. Is it not sent to do it better and do not do it? There were various other parts that were done later, but it would just be redundant to watch them in more detail. I guess I just had a serious problem with the decision by Cassavetes to have his character acting this way. It simply did not make sense. <br /> However, although I had problems with finishing in the movie, there was one aspect that really saved it; act. Gena Rowlands has played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot he was acting, where I got so caught up in his wild gestures and crazy talking that I was actually scared of him. It was amazingly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by Mabel's relatives. Peter Falk has played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy himself, because in his left way he cared for his child, his work, and especially the situation with his wife. I usually do not appreciate the kids of the actors. But the teens who played Nick and Mabel's children in this movie were phenomenal. She really felt like Mabel's children, because they seemed to be attached to her and were so interesting to help her with her problem. I think that their performance is one of the things that have kept this movie together, and their blood would have made the movie less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> Overall I was not impressed by this movie. The story has been jumbled and unclear, and the characters act in ways that make me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only grace that saved was the noise of the lead in Longhetti's family. Realistic dialogues and powerful acting to keep the movie together, and probably the only reason film was ever worth anything.
