In a woman under Mabel's influence goes crazy, but I can see why she goes crazy. If I had lived the kind of life he lived with the family he would go crazy too. All of her family is cutting rocker and not completely with it. It is constantly surrounded by people crying to him and telling him what is best for himself and those who are not the best knives in the drawer. <br /> To start with one person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a little bit of roker. She is constantly calling to her when she is home to tell her how to live her life and stop acting like an imbecy. The rest of the time she works long hours in her work and is not there to support her when she needs support. One person in his life should always be there for never having and if it is, it is just making him feel worse. She relies on her for support and always goes to her first when she feels that she acts badly and does nothing to support her. When he comes home to the hospital everything he tells him how to act, instead of comforting, he just yells in it and tells him what to do. <br /> <br /> The other people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life. Mabel basically runs their lives because they're afraid to stand up and stand up for it. At the end he even asks his father to stand for him and does not understand, and when he finds it he still does nothing. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or keep him from going crazy because they do nothing for his period. Those who only try to do something for her are Nick's mother. Nick's mother is determined to have Mabel commit. She does not want to have Nick deal with her for having the doctor committed her. It seems as if everyone is against Mabel and feel that he has committed it is a good idea because then they will not have to deal with it again. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing to Mabel except to call it and make it feel like it's doing something wrong when it really is not. That's why he went crazy, and why he had to be committed, he was the fault of his whole family.
