Should have title 'Balderdash!' Little in the movie is true except the name of the island and the submarines reality was involved. Little more than quality film training and poor camera work, mud stock footage and possibly the low point of Japan 'stereotyping' and Japanese infantry laughs, Japanese pilot fighter jets and one-dimensional square-american dead left and right. Sixty years later it is involuntarily funny as an odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when fever war is over you. The plot and the dialogue remind me to play gun on a summer afternoon in my childhood, peering in the neighbor's hedgehog to find a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the Makin Island assault was a close bankruptcy with Carlson and its people wandering into dark exchange of violence and shadow until finally, thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to surrender before They came to some Japanese even confused soldiers who were promptly handed over! At the retreat of the Marines Carlson ended on another island and was abandoned! The film, of course, was not able to say that story, not in 1943, so this bit of whimsy was fabricated and run to beat in drums. With Randolph Scott, with his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leading a unit consisting almost entirely of stock cartoons, recruited in green (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone , Sam Levene), the country-bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the All-American Boy (Alan Curtis), and notes of sneering (when they did not laugh) 'Japs'. But the cast almost overcome the material. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow range well suited to his role in reliable commander and was supported by a solid group of professional performers and minerals. But in the end, the one-note object of the winning exercise. Any pretense is totally abandoned in the lock when Randy Scott simply looks like the camera directly and delivers a stir (well vibrant) call to the arm. The throw was better than this material. So was the audience. They should see and Reefer Madness with a bottle of Merlot moderately priced.
