DVD became the equivalent of the late night's late double-billing race, the last chance to catch old movies on the way to being completely forgotten like the border. There was great expectation for this back in 1982 ?? a script co-written by Walon Green's Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson in the days when he could still act without semaphore and a great cast of support (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson directed (although he was very beautiful spend strength by then) ?? but now it does not even turn on TV. The material certainly offers a wealthy seam in the possibility of commenting on the Americans' dreams of capitalism with obvious intake, and Nicholson's border patrol turns into a blind eye to the odd or bland drug deal in the traffic jams funded by his wife's merciless material , until she rediscovers her awareness when she finds her partner also in the baby selling business. Unfortunately, he never really gets his hands dirty, barely even turning a blind eye before his rush to the surface. The movie feels still watered as if too many rewrites and too many committees left it neutered and, unfortunately, the release of the last DVD is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic ending place where Nicholson goes on the edge and firebombs station The border patrol that had been cut down after the audience was found to be too downbeat but still featured in the movie trailer. <br /> While that probably was not too compelling to consider how Nicholson's low-key crisis in consciousness was in the movie, he had to be better than the bit bit reshot where the movie abandoned the logic and even the basic rule Continuity: at one point he kept the gun at gunpoint, then he is elsewhere and they're free trying to kill him, a character goes from wounded to his house jumping around like a gazelle on gaming in the Rio Grande while Valerie Perrine's characters become dumber at an exponential level. The villains in the piece are disposed of with absurd facilities (with one impressive stunt machine) in time for an unwieldy edited happy ending and you start wondering if you somehow find yourself watching another movie entirely. What makes it all the more clumsy is that the rest of the movie is so flat and underwhelming that the sudden luck of melodrama is all the jarring more. The painter singing song Ry Cooder's singing, Across Borderline, says it's all more economically. But if you want to know the real movie crime, it's completely wasting the Warren Oates great in a bit little bit nothing. When it can not make an impression, you know something really wrong. All in all, all too easy to remember why I found this to be forgettable at the time.
