This film tackles abduction at a mom's lifestyle (lima Hartman) who acts as a person in a thrilling act. Unlike other movies where the focus is on the Police, here's the mother follows down her ex-husband who has kidnapped her son. She came to the help of her lawyer who eventually fell in love with her. Before finally catching up with her son, a lot of rare things happened. The mother tries to take a child who looks like her son from a local child play in a community theater. It gets caught, and then realizes it is not her child. That alone would have come most people put in the mental ward or a few months in prison waiting for trial. However, in this movie the mother is released after a couple of hours because the victims parents have pity for her. Soon later mother breaks into her mother-in-law home and then the police arrives and has the weapons aimed at it but let it run away because they recognize it (and feel sorry for it ?). <br /> At another point in the story they found the child, but when the police came to search the house it turned out to leave the door back and forth in the river on a train that apparently the father was Hold around just for such an emergency escape! The mother gets a person who borrows him a boat, and even though he must have taken some time (in a real world), he and the lawyer-companion, and the police catch up to the other boat very quickly and is heading down in the water does not fall. Instead of coming out of the boat to search for the father on the ground, the mother assumed he drowned the boy and jumped into the water when he saw his life-jacket. Of course, it can not swim and sink like a stone. The lawyer saves him, but they miss a chance to run after the father. At one point the mother told her son to die at a clinic in Mexico. On and on it goes, and where it stops nobody knows! In some ways, this film really exploits abduction and is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman doing all the crazy things that men do in these kinds of movies was fun (or funny?).
