I just finished "Black Chamber" aka "Under Monitoring" and I'm stunned. Stunned, not by the movie, but by some of the rumors that I am wondering to be influencing I look at it. The story was so ravaged by draw-holes with the majority of acting so flat, categorizing it as a comedy similar look. Seriously, I found myself shaking myself and laughing at confusion as I endured this movie. Justin <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Justin left the boundaries of living at home with a killer-addicting mother to go live with his bark dad despite the mother's warning that dad is not good. When a young woman is murdered, Justin becomes suspicious of tenants who live in adjacent apartments. With the help of a couple of pals, it installs covert cameras to keep tabs on those folks. As the truth begins to fend, Justin discovers an unexpected secret. <br /> A positive point is that Felissa Rose is HOT! I would have generously slapped an extra star or two over here was it peeling down a bit, but no such luck. It would have been favorable to the film's favor. Eric Conley played Justin highly admitted, I thought, and I would not be surprised at seeing more of her in the future. The first overall in the film, although plagued by Cliche, could possibly work was not for the ridiculously "performance" of key cast members, most notably Alexandra Eitel (Kayla) and David H Rig (father Justin ). Hungry a! (forgive the pun). <br /> I have nothing to do with low-budget films. Indeed, I believe independent films are only hopeful for decent films in the coming days. I'm going to cut low-budget film quite a bit of slack when it comes to special effects, lighting, even music notes and the overall picture quality. I do not provide allocations, however, for stick figures acting with a Swiss lover the script cheese. There is a vast number of budget films completely held there. Unfortunately, this is not one of them. I can not help but suspect that at least a few of the reviewers who have praised "Black Chamber" here are in an affiliate way with its production.
