To review this movie, I without a doubt should cite this memorable scene of Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent are talking about Mia Wallace and what he does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing he did was refreshing pilot." Vincent asks "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules goes to a very good description of what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way they show shows is, they do a show. That's the show to call a 'pilot' .And they show that people show that show, and about this show strength to decide if they will do more shows. Some pilots get them and become TV programs. Some not, gets nothing He plays in one of those who came nothing. "Now stretches on what Jules has talked about, there are TV shows / pilots BILLIONS that have never been disclosed because they simply did not ... well, good. Probably the most notorious pilot that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a turn-off of "M * A * S * H" and Gary "Rada" Burghoff as the lead. Hmmm, would someone really want to watch Rada for half an hour trying to solve crime? Hence, the show has never been picked up. What many people do not know (or what they think they knew) is that the pilots never show up in the air because they are prohibited for the TV networks to decide. Some have been doing their way back and forth on the air (the Pilot for the animated series "American Dad" comes to mind, as the series show itself did not begin until nearly four months later. , there are times we all have to be happy pilots never do it at time, and this is here why. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", a supposed tie and Mel Classic comedy in comedy, "brilliant saddles", is a stale and posterity of "sitkon" with little heart and soul no. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, nevertheless, and its racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind " what sort of decides this would make a big TV show for TV PRIME TIME? "I say" supposed ", because there is no memorable character in the movie, aside from Bart, in this chaos in a TV show .Mel Brooks has not even participated in the production of the series and this was the first error in a long line (In a related story, I recently found out about a pile Television for a series based on the movie "Klerks." That Smith has not participated in .... you see what's going on ?!). Place somewhere around the same time as the movie (or all), the story circles around the only black sheriff in the wild west, named 'Black' Bart, who is this time played by the future Academy Award winner Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before his missionary "real" act, whereas in this he plays a "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon (if not, really bad) copies of the characters in the movie: Jim, the Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character called Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with the gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a much more a rip off of the character that she is a show dancer with a German and a Marlene Dietrich-type crash and personality. While this is pretty much the end of the similarity, Lead "The Bad Guy" in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, whom I suppose was Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. Guaranteed the rights of the name (See trivia for "Bright Source") and her son Curley ... I agree, Taggart I suppose? The story is a poor excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drinking son and he's out-of-control behavior that caused the city to turn. Really, it's a story that tries to present all the characters to the "series" and not focus on the variety and context that would make this a "Well" show. I can not really call it a sitkon (and even if I wanted) and this primarily the fact he shot on the retro of Warner Bros. Studios and later added a laugh streak, so the show set up almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (filled with a bold and dull "street" identical to the series). Acting is so-so, but there is a party that always makes me laugh, and that is when the actor plays Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his line and tries really hard to remember them while trying to wrap out a piece of dialogue. HA! The script is rather dull and is trying to make racism more funny than it was in the movie (Surprisingly, the word "n *** er" used many times in a 22-minute episode, rather earning for its time period and even for today) and it becomes repetition. <br /> If you ever get your hands on this unseen piece of sssss ... articles carefully interesting items, look it just for the sake of the watch for pilots (It's the collector's edition of "Bright Source "God knows why). There, yourself get a chance but first for the reason why many movie-tie films never.
