I will write about this movie and about "irreversible" (the famous scene of it). So you were warned if you had not seen the movie again. This is just my thinking, why do I think the movie fails (in the end - pun intended). Describing Wisdom, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost translates a person's image almost a decade (a teenager in other words). The cruel guy is good but loses "wrong" touching it right before the end. If he really does not change, then why would he let a woman tie him? It would not, the period. Then we also have the Bartender / 2nd rape dude. Actually I do not think you would need it. At least not for the 2 rape, but more so later on. <br /> Let's revise the story. Rosario's character is sexually insecure, can even tend to lesbian (see her scene with a girl friend). This was not intentional, like Rosario states itself, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a guy, who is a sexual predecessor, in every bad sense. But he made an impression on him. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had a companion before. I implore differently. Because he acts, as if he is his first companion, who also underlines his telephone conversation with his mother. Speaking about her mother, here's another problem. After the first rape takes place, Rosarios character does not tell anyone what happened. Seeing that her relationship with her mother is very close, there's nothing to be explored later. If Rosario's character would not call her mother again or would behave strangely, the mother should be worried as crazy. There was a lot of potential here. Also her girl friend: We see it in the party, it obviously has something going on and "boom" it goes. <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But feels like a pinch, when you compare it to the finish (rape), which feels like you are getting hit with a sledge hammer! After rape no. 1 we get too stretched scene. The open times (such as construction work is an indication that it could be lesbian, as a guy who tried to hit him ...), but left open. There is no real social contact established, if you leave the guy barman out, who participated in the 2nd and last riot scene. It's apparent that it is not a "nice" guy and his character get in out a bit. But when Rosarios character meets her violent in class again, being in the movie seems pointless. We get the point that Rosarios character is not the same again, that he goes "bad" and is able to hurt people. (Hyper) Many scenes show exactly that, it was without emotions just making drugs and other things. Back to Rapist # 1 cheats on a test, gets caught by Rosarios characters and they decided to hang out again (really?). As absurd as that sounds, the guy meets with him, not without us seeing him in advance, and another girl (very likely that he raped him too, although we have never seen anything, fortunately) and career football it. Well career is a stretch and is intimidated. This is an attempt to give his character some depth and it almost works, but then again it is too much to resign with you. So, Rapist # 1 submitted to Rosarios character ... why exactly? Because he promised it, was it his day? Again, really? A guy like never lost control, especially with a woman she had violated before ... I guess this should show us how stupid it is. The guy Barman was working as a person who could hit him on the head or something, but let him submit like that, just feel bad. Another possibility would be a drug to drink it. So, rapist # 1 strip and get into blindfolded and let the Rosarios character tied it to a bed .... badly, that's just crazy! But what comes next is even crazier. First she spoke to her, then she "closed" her up and strengthened an object of her. This is as difficult to look as a single rape scene. This is not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course these were what they were aiming for. Now, after he "makes" the guy Barman coming in with rape ... rapist # 1. If this really should work as a movie, it would be best if Rosarios character himself would make all "revenge la ". Having a henchman to do the job, take everything that was built. <br /> <br /> This is not supposed to be fun / enjoyable, it's a tough watch & it is Art-house. But the minute of 10 (I did not count) rape scenes in the end, just breaking everything. Rosario characters are more or less, just look at what's happening. Which brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "irreversible" had the scene of rape, but the movie went on (though it was back in time). Rosario is looking at the camera in the end and says something about having found on this. First, that comes a little too late, which should be seen saying that after the initial rape. And secondly and most importantly, this is where the Art-Home movie should have come in. It is much more interesting to see was Rosarios character would go after the second rape scene and how he would deal, and what he did. But then again, it was not actually physically done so much (see above) ... a broken character that the movie cut off <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario work before) but it will not transmit most of these things, to put out (even if you can see what they mean, it must be convinced, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention the soulong rape scenes as they ye ...
