One of the most frequently used-often romantic film cemetery is this one: A seriously mischievous person falls into love with a woman who is sick of the terminal, who turns his life around before dying. Occasionally this story does well and realistically (as in the "Theory of Flight", an excellent weepie), but most often it does as it is here, where as usual the heroine dies in "Old Crime Disease". You know, the terminal disorder with no symptoms but one spell possibly with a need to lie as you say to your lover goodbye forever; and looks like you do not affect one bit (and since this is the 70, nor is your sex life). This is one of the worst version made in this particular story, where a very funny script puts two incompatible and incredible characters together, and are being played by actors who are completely at sea. to be the worst performer in Al Pacino's career, and I say that after seeing "Devil's Defense" only two days ago! It plays a control-freak, emotionally constructed race-car driver, and plays an unlikeable character. It seems they are constantly wondering why he lived around the grid Marthe Keller (so the audience), and spent most of the movie just ... the stand, usually with his hanging mouth opened. Only once it shows no sign of life is in the end, where his character proves that he has switched from liberated uptight by doing a hilariously bad Imitation Mae West. Hey, it * was * the sixties! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is equally terrible as the love loves to die; Her character was conceived as bold and free and touched and uninhibited and full of life though dying, and she probably meant to be played with an actress and sensitivity, says Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got face-to-face with heavy German accents in Ms. Keller, who came across as more of a teutonic stereotype ("You VILL Eat Egget!") Spend nothing like lovable. He was supposed to reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit and all that, but he does not work in that way, it's more like it's harping on his default in the most obnoxious way possible. This makes for one of the least romance convents in film history, where you can not believe it should be with someone he finds so worthless, and you can not believe it is with someone who gets on its nerves very much. > <br /> Some bad-movie fans call this a classic classic, especially because of Pacino's unusual "liberation" Mae West imitation. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but not worth the rest of the movie for. No, only see the movie if you're a serious movie-movie who is especially interested in studying extreme Lack of chemistry between leading actors, or very bad casting (not only to drive awful, but other Pacino's girlfriend plays by a Actresses similar to sound just love Keller and shorter hair, I got totally confused. This is not one of these hate-a-minute movies such as the "Conqueror", it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
