People who actually loved Children's Problems (1990) need to be examined. Who would take the idea of ​​watching a malicious little brutal boy doing havoc on others and saying it funny? The movie is not funny, ever, in any way, starting at the end. He wants to have a cartoon, but the writers do not realize that slapstick is not funny when people get attacked by bears, or hit with baseball bat. It can be funny in cartoon, but not in a motion picture. The young movie hero is Junior (Michael Oliver) who, since being a baby, has been put in front of the adoptive parents for adoption. Families reject him, because Junior tends to give them a hard time. He is then thrown into an orphanage, where he mentions the nuns, and writes letters that will not give bread to the condemned Bow-Tie Killer (Michael Richards). He is soon adopted by Ben and Flo Healy (Rita's late John and his wife, Amy Yasbeck), who are dying to have a baby, in order to be just like all other parents in the neighborhoods. Junior gets a member of the Healy House, and "Little" Ben takes an interest in him, despite the fact that he destroys a camping trip by attracting a bear on the site, or throwing a cat at his father "Big" Ben (Jack Warden), a politician who pulled. <br /> I think we're supposed to care for Junior so we can root for it when it comes to revenge on people. Her new mother, Flo, is a bitch, her grandfather is completely selfish, and a little girl - who despises adopting children - is such a spoiled spit. <br /> But what Junior does get to the last laugh is not funny - it's mean, cruel, and sometimes threatening life. <br /> <br /> And what is the movie's message? Should these children solve problems with violence and vandalism? That they should seek friendship by writing to convicted assassins? They definitely do not like what a bad kid. Junior is not one - it's just a sadistic little. Used to be a time when it was bad for kids to beat others. Now laugh at everyone when Junior beat the kids with a baseball bat. It's a shame that this movie has been marketed as a "family comedy." What's worse is that Children's Problem is rated PG. What do MPAA think when they saw it? There are a lot of profanity and pranks mean-spirited here, that one can ask about the split between the PG and the PG-13. <br /> <br /> Kids will enjoy this, but their parents will be shocked by what will be displayed on the screen. With most people, children's issues will be considered a "fun culprit" classic; a movie that someone will shamefacedly admit to sympathy, even if the dominant opinion, as laid out by the most serious viewers, is that the movie is a piece of crap.
