I can not for the life of I remember why - I must have had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I was going with, which theater I was in, or even the city. Everything I remember was how offended I was in this one who was travesty dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the theater walked out before the movie ended. Unfortunately I stuck it to the end, which I still considered to be one of the worst mistakes in my life so far. My offense became much horrified when just before credit to close children in smarmy demons beat himself from behind a sign and said "Look for kids problem 2, come soon!" This was the hands-down time most feared ever ever recorded on film. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, involving Jan Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, how I tried without success to block this movie from my mind) adopted a "child problem. " Maybe they think they can reform it, or something. I really do not know. If that were their intentions, they were miserable because from the first frame of the last child to stay brattiest, rudest, the most striking demons ever hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forgot the baby Rosemary. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is, we are supposed to feel sorry for him because it is a "problem child." However, this is impossible since this child is quite likely the most unsympathetic character ever described. You want to kill him in the entire movie, and when (SPOILER, like anyone worried) John Ritter decides to keep your hell-child hurt you'll be screaming "Send It Back!" in shocking tastings (as well as several of those in the theater where I saw it). This is just the second movie I gave a "1" on the IMDb. The other is Superman IV, and by God I could not tell you that got worse. Jan Ritter had a quote on TV Guide over the time that Child Issues 3, which he was not in, out. He said something like "The only way I would make another [childhood problem] is to get out of my body." Amen! <br /> I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon at Police Academy shaking than seeing twenty-minute minutes of childhood issues again. 1/10, only because I can not give it a negative note, which is what it really deserves. Someone burn the original negative in this movie, please!
