Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon begins aboard a full jet of young American high school on the way to playing a football game in Japan, unfortunately during a thunderstorm bad airplane crash in the Himalayas. No misfortune. With some dead and some living survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait it out until help comes. However just when they think the odds could not get any worse they soon discover that a big, hairy hair Yeti kind of animal beauty wants to kill and eat them all. Blocking, cold, starving & fighting for survival will help the adolescent to block in time? Yeah, with a title like Yeti: The devil's curse can only mean one thing & that someone in the Sci-Fi Channel did yet another 'Feature Creativity' although given the things a little As of the Sci-Fi Channel's variety here in the UK are now duplicating them as a 'born animal'! As if that will make any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller one said that Yeti: The Curse of Snow Deamon is a terrible movie, but a bit fun at the same time, make sure it's bad but it's sort of fun at times too. The first basic is actually aware, it's a sort of cross between Alive (1993) and its plane crash and the survivors who have to turn the cannibals to survive & the Bigfoot's excellent assassin (another legendary monster blast) The spirit (1980) which I would defend with my last breath & I must say that it's not exactly a wedding made in the sky, but as I said it's fun at times if not exactly catchy or well written. The character is especially annoying American youth, there's the expected argument, there's hero of the macho, the strong girl & the loose who only thought of himself so there is no prize for originality. There are some drawbacks, too, if a human plane crash causes only two guards to search for them? How are you going to dig a huge hole and line it with humming sticks in the space of ten minutes? Why does the Yeti do not kill the bird in the end? He killed everyone else up to that point so why not read it? 'There is actually the Yeti running around' twist not used in any effect at all. At least there is a good speed on the movie, it certainly moves along in a pretty old old & I never find myself getting bored with it. Some moderate action and the movie have some passion in viewing whether the kids are going to survive or not & whether they will feed their dead friends or not. <br /> One thing you can always tell about the features of these sci-fi 'Channels' animals or 'Pet Feasts' is that the CGI computer effects will laugh loudly hilarious & for which proves the case again. The crash plane at the beginning looks awful & yet when it's CGI seems simply nasty jumping all over like it's on a pogo stick. There are only one or two beautiful Gore scenes including a tear off arm, a broken head, a torn heart, some dead bodies, some similar screens & the best bit when Yeti tears a guy in half & with his own worn-off legs before biting a large piece out of them. According to the IMDb actor's play Yeti's took three & half hour to find the suit & the make-up that looks like a long time since it's actually a beautiful tatty looking for creation. Apparently the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon and Raksha meaning demon Tomb of Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> This has reasonable production value considering the usual Sci-Fi Chain things to churn while the mountain looks like nothing like harsh, himalayas weak & was probably located near some ski resort somewhere & during a lot of scenes The day it actually looks pleasurable warm. The act is not that good & I did not think any of the girls look good either did not help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi Channel 'Feature Feature' if I'm honest that anyone on the go will not love, but if you are looking for a little As in horror themed fun then this is not too bad & there is one or two fun moments that make it a bit look even if it's not very good.
