What is inexplicable? First of all, hate towards this movie. It may not be the greatest movie of all time, but give me a break, he's got 11 Oscars for a reason, it's $ 180 million for a reason. It's a pretty good movie. Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I do not know why this film left me such an impression when I saw it in theaters. I watched it again on television and on video, and the impact did not have the same impact as when I saw it on the big screen (two or maybe three times, actually). But maybe that's the call. It's a film, yes, the capital M over there is an epic, it's a show in the order Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem a little hokey, with dramatic play and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic does not have one. In fact, the acting was really good. The melodrama was sometimes quite heavy. <br /> <br /> But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional journey. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or give me a visual sensation. This movie is not completely silly, but it is not cerebral at all. Visual shivers are simply a means to an end, to feed the emotions of the public. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not react to the tearful. But it is a real wrench for a power of ten million people, an emotional roller coaster that, if it were ordinary, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure if you watch it on video and decide that you hate it and you have cynicism at hand, you can completely dislike that movie. But if you let this disbelief suspend a little, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the ten most profitable films of all time. Is only one of them bad? Is only one of them worth a score of 1 in 10? No, not even the ghost threat. And this film made $ 1.8 billion in the world. It can not be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. How can one even consider comparing this to Spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a knee injury on September 11th that made it as dreadful as it did. it was just not so special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but I'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered.
