Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story about the historical setting of the Titanic. The plot is simple, not complicated, or not for those who like the intrigues that twist and turn and keep you in suspense. We can understand the end of the film a few minutes after the beginning of the film, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful in the role of Rose, an aristocratic young woman promised by Cal (Billy Zane). At the beginning of the trip, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he will pick it up, unlike the upper class who are so concerned about their social concerns. The two fall in love and the public sees the sinking of the Titanic mainly through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group looking for treasure, which sank Titanic, which took place recently. One of the Titanic survivors, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about the wreckage exploration on television, is taken aboard the ship from which the search began to tell what she recalls helping her . She manages to tell in her memory the one and only journey of the Titanic. With this, the scene moves to Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic sailed on April 10, 1912 while all passengers embark. After another stopover on the Irish coast, Titanic left to attend his maiden voyage across the Atlantic to New York. Historically, the first days of the trip were uneventful, but the fictional plot of the story unfolds at that moment, while Rose sees the hopeless trap of a commitment to the wealthy Cal Hockley and that she falls in love with the third-class passenger. Jack Dawson. Director White Star Line urged Captain Smith to speed up the speed of the ship to hit the front page of the paper and receive additional advertising when arriving in New York City on Thursday night and not on Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered that the decisive decision be taken against his thirty-two years of experience stretching the Titanic's legs at full speed. The Titanic had information that the waters of the Atlantic in which they sailed were filled with icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted. They attempted to shut down the engines and put the ship out of the iceberg's course, but time was running out and the vessel hit the iceberg on the starboard side as shown in the film. The representation of the many small holes on the side of the ship and not a single large cut along the flank is accurate. The Titanic crew sent out distress calls and triggered distress flares, as indicated until 2:18, when the lights went out. The lights in California were sighted six miles away, but they did not understand what was happening and did not respond to the Titanic's many requests for help. California had tried earlier in the day to warn the Titanic of the strong ice that had forced them to stop their trip, but Titanic had swept them away, forcing California to turn off its radio and leave the Titanic alone. First class women and children were the first to board the twenty lifeboats on board. Most of the third-class passengers suffered the greatest number of deaths, and the crew was also severely affected by this tragedy. The words of the White Star Line employees and first-class passengers were greater than those of second and third class passengers when the authorities tried to obtain information on the sinking. In addition, the metal used to build the Titanic has been discovered in recent years in conditions of intense cold, which was felt the night even when the Titanic collapsed. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portrayal of the events and times when they took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many characters in the story are not real and were created simply for the purpose of the film or as composite characters to represent the possible characteristics and ideas of the people on board the ship. Rose's main group, Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother were all fictional characters added to the story as they represented different groups of people at the time. Yet, many characters such as the insoluble Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer Thomas Andrew; White Star Line representative Bruce Ismay; and all Titanic officers were real. The inaugural trip was going to be Captain Edward Smith's last trip anyway as he planned to retire afterwards. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, when he reached the status of captain of the millionaire after the sinking of the Titanic. The representations of the officers are accurate, as only four survived the tragedy, with the exception of the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. He is known for his heroic behavior and was misinterpreted to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the officer's former Canadian hometown. As the film shows, there was a language problem between the crew and many passengers from the lower class of non-English speaking countries. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer to return to the lifeboat as described. The elderly people shown in their beds while the water entered their room were inspired by those of Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband's side, Mrs. Strauss refused to get on her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. Moreover, Mr Goggenheim, to whom his cognac had been shown sipping his cognac and smoking a cigar, would thus have come out dressed in this way. The ship's richest man, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, died nevertheless, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and the medals were then handed to the crew of Carpethia who recovered the survivors of Titanic. Her ticket to the Titanic had cost over four thousand dollars and by the end of her life she had gone bankrupt. All the interiors of the ship have been masterfully replaced to the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gym, which is barely visible, is recreated to perfection with all the machines reproduced to match those seen on old photographs. The beautiful outfits and costumes are an excellent re-enactment of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at that time ran practically everything because the women's suffrage movement had not moved. Meanwhile, women often married for reasons of financial security, as Rose planned to do, and normally gave their husbands the status of father or mother as Cal wanted. The rich did not take the "new money" like Molly Brown as it is described. All the time was very formal. The women had to be escorted to dinner by a male character, as seen in the meal scenes. Smoking was not very common among women of the time, but people who wore cigarettes, who had just entered at the time, were used as seen with Rose in the film. The men of the day usually smoked cigars and not cigarettes. Women were physically confined by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron has no experience in historical films, he has brought experts from the Titanic, coupled with two years spent making referrals on the history of Titanic and few freedoms have been taken. Beautiful cinematography and special effects have also helped make the film even more breathtaking. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic, as the people aboard the ship had about three hours to contemplate their disappearance. The director, James Cameron, shows the different reactions to this period of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and it makes you think of your reaction if you had been in this situation on the Titanic during this fateful evening. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s, when it was produced, giving a glimpse of the wreckage of the Titanic. It's only been fifteen years since the site of the current Titanic was discovered and explored. This film could give us a deeper look at a disaster that many would not have seen. However, there is the moral question of whether today's people should draw treasure from the wreck of an underwater cemetery. There have been attempts to stop missions in search of treasure such as the one described in Titanic, but all have failed. As things stand, everyone can take a trip to the Titanic and take away the valuables described in the film and illustrate the general values ​​of our time in this regard. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very well done. To obtain images of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get all the necessary images for the film. In addition, it was necessary to create a special camera to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go as far in the Titanic as anyone else in the 88 years since the sinking of the ship, but it is clear that this offers a unique perspective of the ship. In addition, throughout the film, the wrecks of the Titanic on the Titanic scene have faded. This transition from the modern scene to the scene during the trip is an excellent transition that makes it easy to read the story clearly. At the very beginning of the film, a septal recreation is used to recreate the scene when current people have left the European coast on the Titanic, distinguishing it from the rest of the film's events. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most history novels, we know the end, but that does not detract from the wonders that can be found in this picture. Some aspects of this film are part of the Oscars, including costumes, sound, cintematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you a glimpse into the life of the characters of the early 1900s and how they will deal with a disaster, then this movie is for you. <br /> <br />
