I avoided watching this movie very long. Well before it was released, I had considered it a piece of romantic Hollywood schmaltz, too excited, and I did not want to have anything to do with it. I have never watched it at the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Oscars, even though I had never seen it. Then I was asked to judge a public speaking contest in high school. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was great," she says. "You really feel like you're on the boat." "Nonsense", I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One of them looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she liked the movie, she may want to know more about the real Titanic. something good to interest him so much. " "Well, maybe," I thought. Then he finally appeared on pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'm going to take a look, you see." I did not want to love him - and I did not do it. I liked it! What a good movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First of all - the staging. My competitor to speak in high school was right. James Cameron does a remarkable job of creating a "you there" atmosphere. The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Nonchalance as news of the iceberg is spreading; then the growing feeling of panic. You do not just watch this; you really feel it. Then - the performances. The main performances of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet is the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girl / poor boy characters up to a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, however, Frances Fisher was Rose's mother. She was perfect as a posh aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and hatred she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I'm not an expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a remarkable job of recreating historical details with precision, then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional novel. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this film and not be caught with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On". <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the romance may have been too artificial, in the sense that I simply do not accept that Jack could have gone effortlessly from the merry-go-round to the first class. (I know he was invited the first time, but he seems to keep going first class without being stopped until he's been there for a while.) The realities of class separation were much more Realistic, I say, when the bar's passengers would remain locked there after the ship's passage against the iceberg, while the first-class passengers would benefit from half-empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A little problem, though. It's really an excellent movie. My only regret is not to have seen him at the theater, where I think it would have been so much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
