In 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton banned cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins winning the world series and a woman giving birth to sevenfold. It was also the great year of the release of Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: a story about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and At the height of their emotional commitment, the ship encounters a disaster. I do not think anyone would have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as before, the film was larger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of whom were teenagers. I was 12 years old at the time and of course. saw the movie several times. It's the film that made me believe that the love shared by Jack and Rose was so real and so beautiful. At the time, I felt that the Titanic could do nothing wrong, of course, I grew up and I have not watched the movie since I was 14 years old. A few years ago, I saw the movie on DVD for 5.99 and thought it was a good price and to see what I thought of the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was it Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say that, but I saw the movie again. To be quite honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, it depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic has shown romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us make this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, looking for a necklace adorned with a precious blue diamond called the heart of the ocean. Without success, they discover a drawing of a naked young woman lying, carrying the heart of the ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, learns the drawing and contacts Lovett to inform her that she is the woman of the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and her skeptical crew on her lifeboat. When asked if she knew where the necklace was, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, Rose, a 17-year-old girl, boarded the ship with her fiancé, Cal Hockley, and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who emphasized the importance of Rose's commitment to Cal since marriage will mean the eradication of the Dewitt-Bukater Debts: Although they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are bankrupt. Helpless and frustrated by her engagement with Cal and the pressure of her mother to marry, Rose tries to kill herself by jumping from the stern. Before she jumps, a wanderer and artist named Jack Dawson comes in. Jack and Rose make friends to thank her for saving her life. He tells the story of his adventures of travel and drawing. their relationship is strengthened when they leave a sweltering first-class formal dinner, made up of wealthy people, for a much more lively third-class Irish dance, music and beer meeting. But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose's comings and goings, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman incite her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "good lady" at tea, Rose challenges him and his mother, asking Jack to draw his nakedness and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean , an engagement gift. from Cal. After a good time together in the very first moment of relaxation in the back, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> They are then witnesses of the mortal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After hearing the ship's observers discuss the severity of the collision, Rose tells Jack that they should warn his mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude drawing and derisory note in her safe. He then inculcates Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean by letting Lovejoy plant it in Jack's pocket. Upon learning that Cal intends to let Jack die under the bridge, Rose runs away from him and his mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose to be safe, so they persuade her to get on a lifeboat. But after realizing she could not leave Jack, Rose jumped on the ship and found Jack on the ship's first class staircase. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are gone and the ship finally descends into the Atlantic, carrying Jack and Rose. <br /> <br /> So, does Titanic respect its hype? I always say it's a good movie to watch, I think there was and there are still quite a few enemies who, for whatever reason, simply want to miss the movie because it had won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie. . But he has an excellent acting, amazing effects, a well-written story and always looks perfect. Whether you like or hate it, you have to admit that this movie did not get much hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's incredible ability to cry on sight, this movie is something special . This will always have a special place in my heart, it has seen too much that I saw this film 8 times at the theater when it came out. But, aside from that, I recommend this film, which is excellent and will surely pass to classics someday. <br /> <br /> 10/10
