ELEPHANT WALK may not be the pinnacle of literature or film, but it is an excellent entertainment in almost melodramatic mode. It is the story of love, both authentic and illicit, as well as the excessive ambition, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous critic, John Mankin, wonders why the film's main goal, the mansion called Elephant Walk, should have been built by the former owner, the "governor", the late Tom Wiley, right across the traditional path of elephants water source, the river. To miss this point, it is essentially to miss the goal of all the center of the film: the pride of the man. That his son, portrayed by Peter Finch, becomes captivated by the super-image and enigma of his revered father, is not surprising, since the son was motherless and grew up in a foreign jungle with only his father and the turbulent boys of his father. "club" as his models. The father's point was that he was an autonomous man who tamed nature to his taste and that his taste was not just a tea plantation on the land that elephants had once dominated, but that he even dominated the great bull elephant. this led the flock, and so he will dominate his son and all around him, and so we come back to history after the elephants have been denied crucial access to the dry lane during the dry season. Who would know that this dry season would last so long and what would elephants do in despair of having water? Here is the link between the film: what will animals do to get water? what will humans do to have power or love? Ceylon, Sri Lanka today, is the vast island off the Indian coast where the plantation is located. We quickly learn that this is the true landscape of the story, not just the expenses of Miss Taylor. Without this exotic place (much of the film was shot in Ceylon) and the beautiful "bungalow", it would have been another cauldron. It must be recognized that the atmosphere created here is an integral part of time and place, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the last days achieved by the "conquerors" of English immigrants who were an integral part of the British Raj. Only such wealth, acquired through the work of virtual slave, can build a residence as beautiful as ebony, teak and marble. Do not forget the marvelous Jalees carvings (doorframes and grille) clearly defined by the J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira art directors and obviously made by the cheaper labor of the island. Such know-how reveals the attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the nonsense of time, places and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor who marries does not really know and is tacitly courted by another man in the context described and under the general tyranny of the inheritance of a deceased man. As I said, it's not a great literature or even a big film, but it's a grandiose spectacle long before this term has been degraded by today's special effects extravagance. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies designed to be visible on the giant screen of an outdoor drive-in, and not on the home TV, arrange the bigger screen in order to be able to look to fully appreciate his work and his field of vision.
