"OffOn" by Scott Bartlett is nine minutes of sheer madness. It's a frontal assault on psychedelic lights, flickering colors and pulsating, causing epilepsy, and the first true coming together of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to tell, but Bartlett uses images of nature ?? especially the human face and the shape ?? to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions integrating these biological phenomena with the highly industrial technology of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the fusion of humanity in its tools, its machines, its technology. This theme vaguely echoes the HAL9000 subplot in "2001: Stanley Kubrick's Odyssey (Stanley Odyssey) (2001)" and, in fact, Bartlett's first sequence of images. flashing colors in front of a human eye close up ?? remembers Dave Bowman's trip through the Stargate. The visuals are richly colored, a striking mix of crisp, sharp photography and increasingly grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a TV screen (in fact, the final product was recorded from a television monitor}. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the movie.ImDb lists the film as a 1972 release, but the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1968 is the good year, maybe this disparity reflects the time between the end of the film and its first public projection, but the visuals are way ahead of their time, sometimes 1980s music video, and fast techno music would not have been lacking, either! 'OffOn' captures fragmented and grainy images, presenting life from the distorted perspective of a computer processing too much information. I had a thought ?? and please do not laugh at this free interpretation of thought ?? that an extraterrestrial civilization capturing the Earth's television signals may very well receive such strange and strange documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of images that are scarcely familiar and unlikely to have a coherent meaning. It is perhaps here that humanity, with all its technology, will eventually move towards an irreversible fusion of film and video, purity and artificiality.
