Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a detective film of Indian cinema. Perhaps the first to have portrayed the harsh reality of police corruption and unabashed politics and its effects on a young policeman. A man forced to join his father's police career. Agreed that we grew up watching a lot of Hindi movies of good / bad cops, but it's different. The current generation, who grew up watching dark, realistic films like "Satya," "Society," may be considered a lower product in comparison, but look at the time of its creation. The film was made totally out of sync at the time when people did not pay much attention to this kind of cinema and yet it became a detective film much sought after by the general public as soon as it was released. For Om Puri, he achieved his first breakthrough in traditional Hindi cinema and presented a class performance as a Velankar inspector. It's more than a cop character, he has a lot of internalized, which is original in acting. Watch his scenes with his father whom he hates and Smita he loves. Smita Patil has maintained the dignity of her character at the expected level. My God, what a natural expression she wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me and it's a brilliant character actor if given a chance and here in some of the scenes, he even foiled Om. The film is also the first film of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar in the role of "Rama Shetty". It's another story that he did not have such a fleshy role and that he was almost forgotten today, as a villainous villain of Dharmendra's Grade B action movies. Watch the scene where Om, the first time, becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and shares the wine together. How the inner truth began to reveal itself, both to the character and to the feelings of love and hatred towards each other. Two Faces of the Indian Police Force - Masculinity and Powerlessness and Between Two Lies - Half-truth (ardh satya) - Congratulations to Nihalani's sensitivity. The film has won two national awards for Best Hindi Film and Best Actor, Om Puri, and three Filmfare Awards in the categories of Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended to anyone interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Notes - 8/10
