The Shinjuku Triad Society, while perfect, is an extremely compelling film for what it tries to describe in its ultra-conventional world. This is a yakuza / triad picture, associating cops with Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mainly Chinese, as the title indicates), but already, even in his first "start" technique, Takashi Miike already establishes many aspects of the movies he would do from now on. Social issues such as the trading of valuable goods on the black market, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and its roots, particularly prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; thumb a nose at taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; bloody violence. It's certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's most recent movies, but it's expected to be experimenting with things he's just starting to learn, following a prominent journey in video programming. He has all these qualities and is also, like the films that would result, just as wild and sincere, crazy (in places) and sardonic in his dramas, and solid for genre fans. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, honest enough as anti-hero / hero of Eastwood), who became a detective and another, who became a gangster, -being one. The main group likely to gain control comes from Wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents in his free time, interpreted by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with a real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who threatens even by repeating a command over and over again to a woman who has just closed her eyes as a result of an unfortunate deal), who are the ruthless kind to appear almost organically in a Miike movie. There are some intrigues about the gangsters' organ trafficking system, of which Kiriya is almost a victim, and the gang's leaning towards gay sex - at least with a little puppet that does all the gangsters want. All of this leads to vengeance and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer are trying to imitate from Shakespeare (hence Macbeth with Wang washing his bloody hangover again and again after some gay sex said " it will not go away "). <br /> <br /> If it does not have the same emotional impact as an excellent Shakespeare play, it's quite normal for a movie like this. Miike's objectives are achieved, albeit quite attained, in his modest ambitions: a gangster image with additional levels of cruel family problems (the main tension between the brothers comes from the profession and the duty towards the parents), note on the most cruel aspects of crime from below, and what the field of unrepentant sex, with both sexes, brings out psychologically in the characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society contains more than a few moments of classic black comedy mordant Miike work. Part must be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his excess, as the little early with the chair that shatters the face, or the randomness of "interrogation" because it enters a very area twisted. The young sex slave even burst out laughing after finishing an act on one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough to make the film a black comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there is enough to bring a lightness appropriate to the darker aspects of the story and characters. <BR/> <br /> As the first entry into the Black Society trilogy, she was very impressed. It's an almost perfect business card for one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
