Masters of Horror: Right to Die begins late at night as married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) return home. However, Cliff is distracted and crashes on a tree that has fallen across the road. Cliff's airbag is working well and he is leaving with minor injuries. Unfortunately for Abby, she did not end up having a toast when she was thrown out of the car and sprinkled with gasoline that burned and burned her entire body. Abby's life is saved, right. She is taken to the hospital where she is alive, badly injured and horribly disfigured by the burns. Cliff decides she should die, her selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the automaker and get rich while her mother Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other projects of her own ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American co-production was made by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was previously Wrong Turn (2003), which in itself does not qualify it to lead an episode of Masters of Horror) and was episode 9 of season 2 of the Masters of Horror series, while I did not think Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episode that I saw, I thought it was a sufficient effort all the same and still not as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). John Esposito's screenplay has a great central idea that is not new, but he uses it quite effectively, although I would say it's a bit uneven. The first 15 minutes of this film are focused on the horror of history. during a stalemate for 20 odd minutes while it becomes a drama as the legal battle around Abby's life & the Cliff Affair is on the front of the stage before getting back on track a deliciously gore culmination and twisted that might not be for the faint of heart. The character is a bit cliche, the weak man, the curved lawyer, the protective mother and the young tart who has sex to get what she wants, but they all serve their purpose pretty well, the dialogue is good , the story continues good pace and overall, I liked Right to Die, except for a few minutes here and there where he loses his concentration a bit & I did not like this ambiguous ending too much. <br /> <br /> The director Schmidt does a good job And there are effective scenes, this tries to alternate between a discrete spooky atmosphere and a frenzied blood and blood. There are fantastic special makeup effects as usual, there are pictures of Abby where she had all the burned skin and the image of her head bandaged with her teeth showing because she no longer has Lips left is pretty crude (images and makeup effects that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its aftermath), then there's the main dish at the end, where Cliff literally strips someone of complete with Close-ups of scalpels cutting the skin and straightening muscle & put in a cooler! Very messy. There are also various assorted body parts. There's a bit of nudity here with at least two pretty ladies undressing ... <br /> <br /> Technically, Right to Die is great, the special effects are awesome and, like most Masters episodes of Horror, look like a cheap TV show that, basically, if you tell the truth, The acting game was good but there are no "big" names in it. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another nice and somewhat twisted Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should absolutely watch, not just for the fantastic skinning scene! Well worth a watch ... for those with a stomach.
