Stargate SG-1 follows and develops the Egyptian mythologies presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, the Goa'uld, such as Ra and Apophis, enslaved humans and transported them to habitable planets. For millennia, the Goa'uld have captured humanity, influencing and strongly propagating human cultures. As a result, terrestrial cultures such as Aztec, Mayan, British, Nordic, Mongolian, Greeks and Romans are found in all known habitable planets of the galaxy. Many well known mythical places such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis have been discovered or have already existed. <br /> <br /> Currently, Earth's stargate (found at a dig site near Giza in 1928) is housed in a US top secret military base known as SGC (Stargate Command) under Cheyenne Mountain . The neck. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Capt. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) make up the SG-1's original team (some characters join them and / or leave the team in later seasons). With 24 other SG teams, they venture into distant planets exploring the galaxy and seeking defenses against the Goa'uld, in the form of technologies and alliances with friendly and advanced races. <br /> <br /> The Goa'uld parasite use advanced technologies to present themselves as Egyptian gods and devote themselves to galactic conquest and eternal worship. In the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent and ruthless extraterrestrial parasites, similar to snakes, able to invade and control the bodies of other species, including humans. The original sworn enemy of this breed was the System Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other lords of the system, such as Baal and Anubis, have played a central role in recent seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain, the Ori. The Ori are advanced beings with unfathomable technology from another galaxy, equally devoted to galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies the departure of the attention paid to Egyptian mythology to devote himself to exploring the Arthurian mythology surrounding the Ori, their disciples and their enemies, the Ancients.
