A man and his wife have a horrible car accident. When the woman is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between unplugging the plug and letting it live. The decision is made even more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants to take revenge on him and his entourage. <br /> <br /> This comes from director Rob Schmidt, who directed "Wrong Turn" (a movie I have not seen). With only one horror film to his credit, without being particularly notorious, I'm a little reluctant to watch this episode, hoping that Schmidt will be a "Master of horror" in the most liberal sense of the term. My apologies to him for my underestimation. From episode 10 of a 13 episode season, it was actually the best of them. <br /> <br /> The question of the "right to die" is treated and dealt with in sufficient detail to constitute a solid device. However, this is only the foundation on which the story turns. Once the horror elements have appeared, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Excellent game, great plot, good dialogue, good suspense. I was a little scared at times (which is good) and especially: the blood is extremely abundant! I read a review of this episode before looking at it, where the reviewer said there was a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in it. During the first part of the series, I did not know what they were talking about. Then there is a little later, some images remind me "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not mean to say that it takes away from the film. I do not see any other way to create the created effect and, in my opinion, it is definitely better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some twists occur later and could invite the viewer to give a second look at the movie. I have not looked at it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if it were (it's not confusing). The secondary parcel with the dental hygienist is also nice, and I found myself wondering if I did not like the main character for her relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. He is a little anti-hero of the whole story, if you will. I feel inclined to encourage him as a protagonist, but he is completely impossible to love. <br /> <br /> Even though the episode Stuart Gordon may be better and I'm excited about the episode "Washingtonians", I think I can bet safely. that this is the key episode of the season and by far the grace that saves from what was otherwise dull and routine. When legends like John Carpenter drop me (again), I worry a little about the future of the genre, but a new face like Rob Schmidt comes and gives me hope. This one is a keeper, and please bring Schmidt back for season 3!
