I'm not quite sure that Rob Schmidt is qualified as a "master" in the horror genre, having just made a horror movie entitled "Wrong Turn" and that it was actually just Above the mediocrity, but the fact is that he did with "Right to Die" one of the most fantastic episodes of all the second season of the franchise "Masters of Horror". It was the same in the first season, when William Malone made one of the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", although his other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were very bad. en /> <br /> The story of "Right to Die" skillfully summarizes the burning social debate of euthanasia, but also presents many themes of old-fashioned horror such as ghostly vengeance, deadly conspiracies, black humor and the comic book of style violence. Returning home late at night and discussing the husband's continuing adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the wreck unharmed, but his wife Abby is completely burned and must be kept alive artificially. While Cliff and his sneaky lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug her in and sue the car maker, Abbey's mother sets up a gigantic media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame all about Cliff. Meanwhile, Abbey's hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in Cliff's surroundings whenever she has an almost fatal experience with medical devices. After some casualties, Cliff realizes that it might be safer to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive. "Right to Die" is a great episode and exactly matches the type of content I've always hoped to see in a TV show concept like "Masters of Horror". It's violent and bloody, with a twisted sense of humor and a lot of crazy sequences. The theme of euthanasia and the entire obligatory media circus surrounding it are very well integrated in the scenario, but do not unnecessarily return to political views or lessons of morality. The atmosphere is suspensive and the killing sequences are appropriately nasty and disturbing. The actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have both a pretty face and impressive and voluptuous lockers, which is always a nice bonus. Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the opportunity to represent a naughty and egocentric bastard. Great episode "MoH"; certainly one of the highlights of both seasons.
