It is amazing that a good movie, although not wonderful, that was shot in the early 90's, allows an entire franchise to grow. Stargate; SG1 'is undoubtedly a valuable addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand side by side with' Star Trek ', the king of science fiction. <br /> <br /> taken from the 1994 Stargate feature film, Stargate commands (a military / scientific organization) discovers that the Stargate system can be used to travel on various planets in the galaxy and beyond and that army sets up a number of teams to explore. SG1 is one of these teams, led by veteran military colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist Samantha Carter and outsider Teal'c, who betrayed his lord's leaders in the hope of one day liberating his people. The Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and believes itself to be equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> Leading actors have a lot to commend for bringing this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as a cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can pass from boy to death in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, as Daniel, brings a heart and a will of steel to the character, who went from innocence to wide-eyed to darker and harder skin as the series evolves . As Carter, Amanda Tapping has perfected the balance between representing the femininity of her character without understanding that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as a distant Teal'c, able to portray the character's emotions with subtlety. And Don S. Davis is perfect as a Hammond-esteemed general who leads with a fair balance of fairness and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all episodes involve and are presented with intelligence, reflecting moral dilemmas as well as friction between military interests and civil convictions (often evidenced by arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Invited characters are solidly represented and narrative arcs are treated in a manner that does not annoy viewers. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill sarcasm to crazy and unusual episodes! SG1 has everything from action to drama and romance, from suspense to the heartbreaking scenes of death. It's not just a great sci-fi show, but an excellent show overall.
