I would have given a few stars to this film, simply because it was a "lifetime" presentation that had been shot at the place depicted in the story - here in New York. Most channels on this channel, whether "broadcast" in rural Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, Los Angeles, etc., are shot in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or elsewhere in Canada. the one who deserves the best rating - 10 * on this site is this movie. Certainly not for originality, because this story has been made many times, in many variations, with several very similar to this one. Cary Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks, and others, as well as Deborah Kerr, Doris Day, Meg Ryan, and many more. I can think of at least 10 to 12 other people, just as important, to present, that I could add now, and there are probably many more that could be brought up. <br /> <I do not want to zoom in on it, but my point is that, in my opinion, it's by far one of the best of its kind I've seen. I caught him by chance on a Friday noon, at a time when I had the television on only because I was taking a few hours after a particularly hectic week. I had never seen this movie for 8 years. And, while the two leaders did enough to be known to most, they were completely unknown to me. The only two actors I knew were Phyllis Newman (Anna's mother), whom I had seen in some of her childhood, and Michael Rispoli (Henry, Charlie's best friend), who was remarkable as " Gramma, "the juice loan threatening, difficult. , street guys from "Rounders." <br /> <br /> The chance meeting and the coupling between the best friends of the two leaders, as a sub-story novel, with the correlation of their resemblance to Anna and Charlie are revealed to all later, is Often intriguing in the genre, but makes no difference to the fun here (in fact, it improves it). <br /> <br /> By checking a few other comments, I totally agree with those who are the most positive. The main word describing this movie is ENGAGING, in capital letters. This adjective describes the interpreters; characters; the chemistry between and among all the characters, whatever the combination presented, as well as all the secondary and even secondary roles. <br /> <br /> I love movies with a "tougher side:" "Rounders;" the Schwarzenegger / Stallone Escape Tariff; "Good comrades;" even classics like "Casablanca", "Gone With the Wind", "Citizen Kane". But for pure pleasure, this one was exceptional. With a small fraction of their budgets, it was equal to the results obtained by "You've Got Mail" and "Sleepless in Seattle". And Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan could not have done better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan here; the co-stars and support staff here were equivalent to those of these mega-movies.
