Tim Krabbe is the popular author of "Het Gouden Ei", a novel that has been screened twice ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the most recent works of the Dutch writer is "De Grot", a psychological thriller about two totally different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and become, quite surprisingly, friends for life . Egon is a calm and somewhat boring person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, meanwhile, is a charismatic "party animal", a criminal who drinks a lot and whose daily concern is to bring a woman into her room. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envies him because he leads a good life without doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); In the end, Egon is even driven by himself into illegal practices, resulting in a fatal drug shipment to a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised at some pretty positive reviews. about that. In my opinion, the book suffers mostly from the complex structure. Although Krabbe presents history as an exciting portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes are rarely seen in the story. same episode. As a result, the story seems surprisingly far away: you often need to know a character's antecedents to really take care of them. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a little stereotyped. Egon is the boring "intellectual," whereas Axel is his opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and movies, they always seem to be there, which takes away a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film was a good surprise, being much better than the book. The adaptation excels with its beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the rare Dutch actors to make you forget that he plays (which, in my opinion, is the highest level that an actor can reach). However, the disadvantages of the film are the same as those of the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (this is what the film says anyway) is hampered by a deficient scenario. Maybe Koolhoven should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
