RUMORS is a memorable entry into the wartime instructional cartoon series featuring "The Snafu Soldier". The films were intended for the military and were directed, animated and marked by some of Warner Bros.'s greatest talents. Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc provided the voice for Snafu, and the rhyming stories and stories of many films were provided by Theodor Geisel, Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using Snafu's character as a perfect negative example: he was the dope, the little idiot who would do everything you are not supposed to do. According to Chuck Jones, the texts had to be approved by the Pentagon officials, but the army officials also gave the animators an unusual liberty in terms of language and stupid jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of the time - all for the greater good, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this drawing is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. The cadre is an army camp. Private Snafu is sitting next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see in any other Hollywood film of the day) and their informal conversation begins. We notice as a casual remark that a bombardment is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then transformed into an increasingly frightening noise that sweeps over the camp. The imagery is really alive: the brain of a worried soldier is represented in the form of a percussive vase, while the fevered speech of another soldier is presented in the form of hot, moist air, that is, to say "balloon juice". A soldier "pulls his mouth", like a cannon, and before you know it, a real baloney flew in all directions. Baloney winged at this. Panicked soldiers say that the Brooklyn Bridge has been smashed, that Coney Island has been destroyed, that enemy troops have landed on the White House lawn and that the Japanese are in California. The visuals become more and more surreal and nightmarish until the camp is finally quarantined for "Rumour-itis" and the soldier Snafu is locked in a padded cell. <br /> This is a piece of great efficiency. The filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and surprising energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have found that disasters (real or imagined) can spawn all kinds of wild rumors that are spreading faster than ever thanks to advances in communication. Because the technology has improved, the private soldier Snafus of our time is able to broadcast his own balloon juice via e-mail, mobile phone and blogging. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of an educational war movie whose essential message is not at all dated; In fact, it may be more timely than ever.
