If a film stands out extremely by the actor's acting skills, it's probably that one. I have never seen a dialogue go so hard, but have a strong feeling. The film was troubling at times. However, the film was terrible in editing. The film tries to sell itself commercially by adding comedy and songs, but they do not feel at home. As Karisma gets beaten and the same time that SRK fights (with humor) with the police. Ishq Kamina's song was very out of place. On top of that, the movie is too bright at first. The management was not bad, but certainly nothing we can boast about. <br /> <br /> I must say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would not have an impact. Karisma Kapoor has given her best role so far, and that sounds great on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks pretty in the first period and I have never seen an actress scream with emotion and anger as well. What's more ironic is that it's probably his weakest writing role to date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, other than that it's a role for him. Deepti Naval as a stepmother was excellent especially in her last scene. Although she did not have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the little child. He was adorable and will bring tears to the eyes of the viewer. The film was probably saved desperately by their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was lost in his bad boy role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the theater is Ishq Kamina. The performance and dance of the song are perfect for the raw lyrics of the song. And the Aish boy is furious. However, the song should belong to another film only because it came at the worst moment of its history. People may have come to the movie for Aish, but they will not brag too much then. Hum Tum Miley was well paced, but seemed to hang around as the suspense went off throughout the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing extraordinary. Dil Ne Pukara is a song too boring to create the mood of the film. Despite the poor quality of editing, performance alone is a must.
