The beauty of this film is manifested in the great representation of the power of a mother's love, exceptional performances, regular performance and a rather innovative scenario. The film tells the story of an Indian, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and the little boy Raja. All of a sudden, her husband informs her that her family in India (which she did not even know) is in trouble and that the couple is rushing to India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, led by her cruel, extremely cynical and merciless father Narasimha, leads a poor and very violent life, full of murder and terror and where women are submissive and helpless. Nandini starts asking Shekhar to go home, but he is quickly killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her bring Raja back to India. It is here that begins the intense struggle that we can call "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not particularly positively portrayed in this film, but shows only a tiny minority of its rural areas, so maybe it's okay. The representation is in my opinion fair and not unilateral because the positive side is also presented to a certain extent. Such a horrible show could be shown in a movie about any country in the world. The places are extraordinary, the music is wonderful and the orientation of Krishna Vamshi is facilitated by a very efficient cinematography and a good editing. One thing to note is the nice background score to listen to by Ismail Darbar, she is beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we can see both their bright sides and their dark sides in different parts of the film. Directed realistically, the film flows well and is an interesting and quite entertaining watch. His dialogues are superb and intelligently written, and although the shocking procedure can be very disturbing at times, many positive moments manage to ease the tension. <br /> <br /> The biggest strength of the film is its performance. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very credible as Nandini. His ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible. She shows so much intensity, impulsiveness, anguish and determination as a mother who wants to recover her son that this little child seems to be his own son. Her eruptions against Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how a simple woman can become a tigress when it comes to her child. After Fiza, it's his most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors that Indian cinema has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful as Narasimha and yet admirable as an actor who plays it. Patekar displays cruelty, spirit and even humanity with total conviction. He is exceptional. Another great performance comes unsurprisingly from India's most underrated comedian, Deepti Naval, who raises her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan provides a great comic relief. Anyway, look at Shakti - it could have been better, but it's really a must.
