After many years, director Krishna Vamsi's Shakti-The Power, the Desi version of the Hollywood movie Not Without My Daughter, is a strong subject on the theme of women. This is the first home production of actress Sridevi. A story about a woman's fight against a severe injustice. <br /> <br /> The film's story revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with her two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There, she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and they get married soon. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, because the news of the sick mother of Shekhar (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And that's when the problems begin. From the moment they arrive in India, they are both shocked to see the pollution and the huge masses of people all over the world. They take a crowded train to reach the village of Shekhar and, once at the station, they have to take a long bus to get to his village. The dirty sweat bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless drive. And unfortunately for them, a frantic crowd who beat Shekhar out of shape for no fault of his bus attacks. Fortunately, they are shot just in time before they can hurt him further. After that, they go to Havel where Narsimha (Nana Patekar), Shekhar's father, lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that his father-in-law was in command as soon as he entered the place, but his only comfort was the warm welcome of his mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns from his father's tyranny and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him. The day she sees her father-in-law teach her son to throw a bomb, she loses her and lashes out at him, insisting that Shekhar return to Canada. But terror strikes again when Shekhar is murdered one day, leaving a torn Nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is torn apart by a cruel father-in-law. His fight against this man to save his son is what is the culmination of this heartbreaking and heartbreaking film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most late-filmed films is also the rural setting of the film. . The only drawback is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not go beyond the script. The only thing that saves is the sexy article number Ishq Kameena, composed by Anu Malik. Another bravado for the director comes from the fact that he has extracted from his cast of superb performances. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and gave a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this passionate performance. Secondly, actor Nana Patekar is back with this movie. His rough manners suit him perfectly and he showed his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film with a sincere and effective representation that stands against the other two actors. Deepti Naval is also in great shape and her fight between Nana and Pr-climax is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo provides the lightest moments and he was surely attracted to get the required star value. Although his role is not really required, he did it well. Overall, Shakti is a much better movie than most of today's movies, and the Pr-release hype promises to be a good opening. Shakti will not fail to rattle critics and the public. And if the film was to be desperately cut by at least 2 reels to improve the impact? Shakti still has the power to continue without a hitch!
