Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is an excellent Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, and then visits her family in India to find that they are terrorist warlords. The drama and the tragedy ensue and the film becomes a kind of thriller of style WITHOUT MY BABY. The film is convincing, its few songs / dances are irrelevant and useless, the cheerfulness of the Bollywood song and dance is really out of place for the drama's intensity of this film, at least once we left the confines of their Canadian love nest ?? Although a number involving a cameo from the amazing Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative, although ultimately misguided. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a playful vagabond who helps Kapoor escape the grip of the warlord transforms this very serious drama into a stupid farce, and this only gets back on track. his feet when his character ?? and his fantasies about Rai generating his cameo? are abandoned. His disposable comic book dialogue and the foolishness of his fight scenes are detrimental to the film's first dramatic drama. The cast is well supported by Nana Patekar as warlord and the elegant Deepti Naval, who stands out for his long-suffering wife who finally chooses to stand up against him in one of the best scenes of the film. Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as sisters of Sanjay in India, and very nice eye candy. But Sanjay himself exaggerates terribly, especially during obvious addibs. Writer / director Krishna Wamsi's directorial style is sloppy, frenzied, with brutal transitions and abrupt cuts, though his camera movement is good. The musical underlining is also quite effective, in a bad mood, featuring a mute female voice on a small orchestral set (a pity that none of this has appeared on the soundtrack of SHAKTI, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the interest of including a score with their soundtracks, at least in most cases). However, SHAKTI remains Karisma Kapoor's film, and the intensity of her performance once the film passes in India contrasts nicely with the sweet romance she engaged with Sanjay in the early Canadian scenes. Despite the inequality of much of the image, Karisma's performance sells the film completely and strengthens its otherwise inconsistent measurements. Strangely, I found that the story was a new version of the ostentation of royalty that I had noticed in Curse of the Golden Gold and Marie Antoinette, which I had seen just before, although SHAKTI is of course an entirely different type of film; but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family ?? live here in the austerity of poverty controlled by terrorism in India rather than in the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of the Tang dynasty of feudal China? whose search for selfish power leads to the ruin of many others and forces an uprising in one form or another gives the film a notable subtext.
