On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series titled "Stargate SG-1" aired on Showtime. A spin-off and a sequel to the 1994 movie "Stargate" starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about a year after the events described in the film. For ten seasons, he recounted the adventures and mishaps of a team of intrepid explorers known as SG-1. Originally, the series featured Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l"!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we witnessed the team battle against the Goa'uld, the replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they formed alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, Jaffa rebels, Nox and Tollan. They saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up, not until death claimed them. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long series, many casting changes have been made. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to broaden his horizons as an actor. The successor to Daniel Jackson as an archaeologist / geek resident on the team was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one other appearance and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, believing it was time for him to leave. The original star of the series and probably his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, played in the series during his first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was significantly less than in previous seasons. He finally left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, to tell the truth, I have never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as the previous episodes for that very reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure of its main actor and the defeat of Goa'uld and Replicators in season eight, many fans felt that the series should be released on the set. Be that as it may, the series lasted two more years, with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters have been brought in to fill the gaps and help to inaugurate this reinvention. Ben Browder has been appointed Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. Her co-star "Farscape", the charming Claudia Black, began to play a leading role in the series as Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld animator and living, sexy, hilarious, and certainly extrovert crook artist. A recurring guest star in the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the cast full-time at the start of her tenth and final season. The legendary Beau Bridges consisted of Major General Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC and former friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have played alongside SG-1 fans (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping, and Christopher Judge) and have become a valuable part of the Stargate franchise and have made an equally valuable contribution to it. <br /> <br /> Alas, All good things have an end. During the initial broadcast of the first episodes of Season Ten, audiences fell dramatically, resulting in a cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13, 2007, what started with "The Children of the Gods" ended with "Unending". The series finale was premiered on Sky One in Britain and Ireland and aired on June 22, 2007 on Sci-Fi in the United States. <br /> <br /> In the ten years of the air show, he has amassed legions of fans and even overshadowed the science fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries . It became the second-longest sci-fi series in the world, just behind "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the oldest American science-fiction series, having surpassed "The X-Files" a few months before its end. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which was unfortunately canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although the plans for another feature film were failed, two -The DVD movies "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum" were released in 2008 and other films are planned in the not too distant future. A third live-action series, "Stargate Universe", is also expected to premiere next year. (There was unfortunately an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which only aired from 2002 to 2003, but the less we say, the better). Despite the end of the series "SG-1" and "Atlantis", the future of "Stargate" looks really promising. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has not yet reached the same degree of popular recognition as other major science fiction television franchises such as "Star Trek" and " Doctor Who ", is still relatively new compared to these two giants of science fiction and I am confident that this will continue for many years to come.
