When a wealthy tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that she seized control during a suicide plunge (although the self-smoking is in the family) but his three girls do not care. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), is going to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon compels him to help him control the estate of his troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family's lawyer ( Jess Barker). . Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he does not push off another sister, Vicki's nymphet (Marla English), but her plans are damaged when Norton falls for her prey. All bets are like a world of misery, including corporate chicanery, seductions, suicides, blackmail, assassination plot, Mann Act, double cross, disfigurement and poetic justice - "Craig Manor", an imposing mansion overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This absurd potash boiler would have been a second feature film perfect for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also from 1956. The saga of Douglas Sirk on a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan The DALLAS nightly television series inspired the night of 1980, but Craig's insane excursion into madness seems to be coming out of DYNASTY, his sinful sister. The three brothers and sisters (one is really mean) are a great beauty but it's the ugly caricature of Kathleen Hughes that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family's fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the film's many guilty pleasures. The teenage sister Vicki is also a pretty important work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while still standing and says, "I graduated summa cum laude from Embrace-able. " Phew! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a formidable vulture overwhelmed with exploitation and his cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, good-looking kid of the 50s, John "The revenge of the creature" Bromfield (once married to the French sexpot Corinne Calvet), the universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "She came from the Outer space "Hughes, and former silencer Screen star Madge Kennedy gives all she has. The future star of the Eurotrash, Brett Halsey (THE TRUMPET OF THE APOCALYPSE) is briefly described as one of the victims of Vicki. <br /> <br /> B-Movie Rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body in English) have made wonderful movies! THREE BAD SISTERS has recently been seen on the big screen at the Palm Springs Black Film Festival, but the jury is still wiping away the traces of soap from ... uh, it's black (5/10 on the black).
