Most of yeti's images are fatally undermined by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. Kitsch Gutsch-Killer made in Italy, shot in Canada: it is a frightfully mature and vigorously weak wonder that reaches an astonishing apotheosis of just overcooked. past? excess of crackpot and inanity. <br /> <br /> A crew of freighters discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti that looks like a 1970s (with giant hock afro) shaggy disco stud perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. They destroy the beast, bring it back to life with electric charges, grossly abuse it, and keep poor, hairy Goliath in a huge glass cubicle. Before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are obviously snatching King Kong", "our abominable titanic blind bee gets out of his cage, catches the first sumptuous blond nubile Euro vixen (the magnificent Pheonix Grant) on which he takes a lascivious look, unleashes his new love of lady.The yeti is taken back and transported to Toronto to be presented to a public amazed.Of course, it is released again, catches the fox and continues as planned trampling around of the unleashing of the city. <br /> <br /> The sublimely stupid dialogue (example: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor") (far from) tacky special effects (the work of horrible Transparent blue screen and tiny cruddy Tonka toys are particularly scary in their terrible horror breathtaking), clumsy (clumsy) direction, and a heavy scenario that even tries a clumsy awkward "Is the Yeti a man e or a beast? "the ethical debate joins forces to create one of the most ridiculous and ridiculous giant monster movies ever to make its absurd way roar on the big screen. Better still, we also have some original and offbeat touches to add to the already succulent cinematographic mix: the vixen accidentally rubs against one of the nipples of the yeti, which makes it harden and arouses a grim smile tired of approval. the lustful behemoth (!); the vixen heals the injured yeti hand while he blames her, the Yeti breaks the windows with his feet as he climbs into an imposing office building and the fur guy even breaks the neck of a man with his toes (!!). All in all, this football world classic should be considered a remarkable monolith of infectious celluloid folly, worthy of a substantial underground hardcore cult.
