This is one of the best films of the "New Wave" of Hong Kong that started with "ZU: The Warriors of the Magic Mountain" by Tsui Hark. Tsui set the tone for the upcoming wave of the martial arts film that virtually every director of the new wave (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) has now accepted as a evidence; namely, the approach of such films would now require more than a bit of irony, if not a pure and simple comedy. "Burning Paradise" put an end to all this, and with revenge. <br /> <br /> It's not that there is no humor here; but it is a purely human humor, as with the old Buddhist priest at the beginning who managed to get a quick idea of ​​the young nubile prostitute while he was hiding in a bundle of straw. But it's the same as humans. Even Buddhist priests can not always be saints. <br /> <br /> When the irony is finally introduced in the film, it is the most ugly possible, emanating from the "abbot" of Red Lotus Temple, which studies the nihilism as it did not never been registered before. He is the epitome of Milton's Satan from "Paradise Lost": "Better to reign in hell than serve heaven!" And if he does not succeed fast enough to go to Satan's devil, he will turn the world around him into a hell on which he can rule. <br /> <br /> This is the motive that underlines the brutal violence of much of the imagery here. It's not that the priest just wants to kill people; he wants them to despair, to feel totally desperate, to accept his nihilism as a global reality. Thus, the scenes of the Red Temple clearly have the meaning that there is perhaps no other reality outside the Temple itself: it has become all there is for the universe and the Abbot, claiming to master an infinite power, is in charge. Of course, fortunately, the film does not stop there. Although there are losses, the human will to finally be normally human finally wins. (If you want to know how, see the movie!) Still, there is no doubt that by watching this movie, we are visiting hell. Let's hope we do not witness our own lives after; but we certainly feel chastised by experience - and in one way or another, better for the whole.
