Here is another film that should be loaded into a satellite, fired into space and headed in the direction of the galaxy Andromeda to show to the farthest possible civilizations the best of humanity. This film is so stupid and revealing of honesty that it is a simple scam of KING KONG, a classic film already bad, of 1976, that he manages not only to crush this film in terms of ridiculous idiot, but predicts many of the unfortunate drawing of Peter Jackson's 2005 computer with the same name, going as far as a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a superb human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD, Umberto Lenzi, eyes). <br /> <br /> The movie was shot for kids, aside from some insinuations on fishbones and a tweak twisted to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - the Yeti even has some kind of giant strap to cover his monstrous pack, the result being even more amusing than the anatomical correction. But in return, you get a wacky old scientist, two curious kids, Tony Kendall in a rare round as a bastard duplict of a naughty, intelligent and helpful collie dog who gets his own adventure (dog adventure movies were big in Europe for a while) and of course, appear as the ultimate hero for saving the Yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious stuff like front loaders decorated to look like monkey hands giant, a monster whose size changes literally From one scale to another, some unimaginably horrible deaths that will make the carnage of GODZILLA against the MONSTER SMOG a tame look by comparison, many reaction plans of the crowd including Spanish extras , Italian or Canadian depending on the scene (you can indicate where they were filmed, how some extras are dressed), and some of the special effects the p Read more enthusiastic but staged work in a giant monkey movie. <br /> <br /> This is where the film convinced me: it's just enthusiasm to be my. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the SARTANA world in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before. He was a very important director in the Spaghetti Western and Action / Adventure genre film scene from the 1960s to the 1970s and at the time of YETI. he was probably delighted to have the job. I would say it's his most adventurous movie of all time, or the one with which he has been most risk-takers, and who may have felt more comfortable taking those risks with the movie for children and families. The film has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was conceived, which makes technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the film had been played seriously, it would not have worked - WHAT IS EXACTLY WHY PETER JACKSON'S FILM was sucked. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and let him dictate the result with his army of stupid animators Power Macintosh pod people, and with all its faults and madness , Kramer's YETI is closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this one, which consists in part of seeing actors in monkey costumes tearing up miniature sets on soundscapes, not animated by seamlessly for hours with nothing but disk space. I would classify this up there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM is one of the most enjoyable and improbable gigantic monster movies of all time. Because the movie looks so "wrong", you can end the story and just have fun watching things get destroyed, stomp, swing and break. Knowing this and armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm for the chance to make the film, Parolini did everything possible to offer a complete adventure that could become a little hard for some of the smaller players, but it's the first film that I will do. never share with grandchildren someday when their silly parents leave them with me for a weekend. It is a matter for the ages and one of the most eloquent expressions of humanity ever to have been engaged in celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too much, but no matter, you'll only have one chance to come back. I prefer to go out with a smile on my face.
