I saw this at the beginning of the video, my little sister received it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time ... What struck me most was the absence of conflict in the middle of the film that have so many movies. The main characters are angry at each other because when it comes time to explain, they do not say the only thing you scream on the screen that would make sense of the whole transaction, that any no one of reasonable intelligence would know. say. That's what I like the most in the movie, I guess, that the main characters do not blame themselves halfway ... they do not curse, they curse, they grow to appreciate each other more. the film continues. <br /> <br /> These two children are teamed up and if they seem at the beginning to be located on both sides of the track, they are not so different. Loui is in fact only a middle-class child who had to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family. Cecelia was a child of the upper class who simply had to prove to her family that she existed and that she would miss him if she left. Anyway, I saw this film posted on Hulu and I had to watch it again ... of course, there are holes in the plot if you analyze the scenario and no, Woog and Dweeb do not should not eat hot dogs because they were actually herbivores. <br /> Now, what is detrimental to the film is its unexpected fear. The scenes with Dr Screweyes are probably scary for children under 5 years old. And, the addition of him halfway through the film (although it is obvious in the first scene that he will make his appearance) is too brutal ... there should be a preview of his production earlier in the movie, maybe to show that it's not so scary without the dinosaurs. I guess it just lacked a real danger present for the first half of the film, so it lacks a little continuity when it appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> Given the target audience, the one I am Of course, you can ignore the problems of animation and dialogue that do not bother you ... I think I will also let go of these factors and that I will enjoy the story. It's a great movie for kids and it stays in your mind ... makes you think a little about how you treat people and it should be revisited every 10 years, I think.
