Wow, a lot of comments for the Devils experience are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I'm director of Unearthed Films. We just started releasing the guinea pig movies on DVD for North America. Before you ask why I write you a review? Ask why some people criticize him. I write this review because I love movies about the guinea pig. Why I love them is because they go for the throat and they do not let go. I have seen everything. Almost all the horror movies known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen it all and the films that have been engraved in my head over the years were definitely the guinea pig movies. Why because he's not trying to hide why we watch horror movies in 1st place. This review is for the Devils experience. I find it devoid of history, which suits me perfectly. Why am I watching horror movies? So, I can see the blood and blood and the torture of people. The Devils Experiment does not just deliver, but that's it. Pure and pure violence. Yes, I love a story, but sometimes, I just want some coolness and the experience of demons offers ten. Why are people attacking? Because they love a story, so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story. It makes them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and blood. It's really hard to justify it if it's not related to a story. Guinea Pig's films have historical significance for them and they have created a definitive brilliance every time they are published. <br /> <br /> I'm delighted to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. . Maybe I should not have written this review, but maybe I should too. My point of view is biased because publishes them but again this is not the case. I've always told people to find them and watch them well before starting Unearthed Films. It is certainly an abusive and exaggerated exploitation, but is not that why we watch horror movies in 1st place. The experience of the devils is not for everyone. It's for thrill-seekers and gorehounds only. If you think Jason's and Freddy Krueger's movies are great, stick to those ones. But if you're at the next level and you've seen it all, the Devils experience is for you. There is a reason they have not been released for more than 17 years. They're wrong, they're disgusting and depressing, and it's not something to look at with your mom unless she's totally cool. Good luck, enjoy it and never stop living your life.
