David Mamet wrote the screenplay and made his debut as a director with "House of Games", a psychologically nuanced character study in which a psychiatrist is drawn into the dark world of the trust game. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a successful novel, "Driven". Nevertheless, she is somewhat unhappy with her personal life. there is a void it can neither define nor resolve, and this makes its vulnerability paramount. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confesses during a session that he owes a lot of money to some players and they will kill him if he does not pay, she decides to intervene in his name. This leads her to the "House of the Games", a small dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic swindler who does not waste time before drawing him into his world. Instead of the "twenty-five big ones" Billy claimed to owe, Mike showed him his book, which turned out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clear the slate, if she agrees to make it a simple favor, which consists of a deck of cards taking place in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes. During his absence, his job is to watch the "tell" of one of the other players. At that time, not only Margaret, but the public too became addicted. The dialogue, Mamet's unique style and the precise pace with which his actors deliver their lines, are fascinating. While Mike guides Margaret into her unreal and surreal realm and introduces her to the intricacies of the game of scammers, we are immediately coached with her. From this first memorable meeting, when he shows what a "tell" and its operation, to the lessons of the "little con" at the peak of this film, Mamet maintains the con with an unrelenting urgency. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns hard lessons about life and human nature, and about herself. She changes; and if it's for the best is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely fascinating in this film; it lends all possible nuances to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows and do so. Crouse also achieves an outstanding performance here; you feel the rigid and airtight turmoil that reigns beneath that calm and assured exterior, and when her experiences with Mike induce a change in her, she makes you feel how deeply she has penetrated. She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does and also makes you understand her. Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (the businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the quintessence of Mamet; Since then, he has written and directed a number of high-caliber plays and films and will undoubtedly do more with the future. But this film will be the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and search for it. You will find it under "Perfection". It's a great movie you do not want to miss. I note this one 10/10.
