This series takes place one year after the mission with Abydos in the movie Stargate. That explains a lot of things that the film neglected to mention. For example, how was Stargate activated without a human computer? Where does the Goa'uld (Ra race) come from? How many are there? <br /> <br /> The first episode has a retired Jack O'Neill (spelled with 2 L) recalled on active duty by General George Hammond following a Stargate attack on Apophis, a mighty Goa'uld who killed four men and kidnapped a woman. We meet Samantha Carter, a brilliant scientist who says she should have gone through the Stargate the first time and is determined to get through now. We discover that Daniel married Abydos and that there are hundreds of door addresses that they can dial. Daniel's wife is then captured by Apophis and becomes his new queen. <br /> <br /> This continues in the second episode where General Hammond announces the formation of the nine-team GMS, in which Jack's team will be composed of SG-1, consisting of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulak, a goa'uld homeworld to rescue Daniel's wife and another captured at Abydos called Ska'ra. They are captured and, at the moment when Apophis gives the order to kill them along with many other prisoners, a Jaffa named Teal'c, first of Apophis, saves them and takes them to Earth with them, where he is integrated at SG-1. <br /> <br /> It was only the beginning of the adventure. During the show, they went into the past and the future, were transported into alternative realities, exchanged bodies, became old, met extraterrestrial races that include a rebel alliance of Goa'uld called Tok'ra , in which Samantha's father becomes a member, the Asgard, a pretty little race in which we see most often Thor (he is Jack's boyfriend), and we avoid countless times a global disaster. The show has been canceled recently. but lasted ten seasons. During the Nine Season, a new enemy called the Ori came forward, displaying new powers, new dangers and unearthing new mysteries around Stargate and its creators, the Ancients. Season nine and season ten also saw the introduction of two new characters, Ben Browder as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a woman from another world who brings a new meaning fun to the team. <br /> <br /> Interesting characters, fantastic special effects and a subtle love between Samantha and Jack, this movie has it all. A different way to travel in the galaxy and different kinds of adventures, it's a show not to be missed. Unlock the door and go. You will not regret it!
