It's a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that actually includes interesting ideas and smart stories (I notice that both are based on news). "The day of the exam" takes place in the future, unknown year, but at a time when they have cake candles that light up, huge "phones" that look like television and that are as numerous as many other fun machines and distributed only to those of a certain age. .and the day of the exam, a time when 12-year-olds must undergo an IQ test imposed by the government. The kid is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrated his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so he's quiet even wanting to pass the test he's seen passing friends and knows he will excel based on his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good score, and that their reason is that they believe he is capable and that he should not have to worry, it is obvious that they are worried. I will not give anything in the end, but I will say this - there is a moment when we have a glimpse of what lies ahead to find out why the test is such a heavy topic: that night (or another?) His parents ask Dickie if he prefers to watch TV all night long. By today's standards, we would be happy to say that he prefers to read and not just because there is nothing worth watching ... but why does his family ask for it? ? The flavor of what was encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (which in my opinion was not very well adapted to the screen). I only wish they could have provided an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as The Obsolete Man. I found it better than the news she was based on. I did not read the one on which "A Message from Charity" was based, but I would like to know, because it was interesting - a 16 year old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from a fever caused by dirty water, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann), who still lives in her hometown of Massachusetts, sees through the eyes a puritan young woman who suffers from the same type of fever. him. They both recover, especially since it was common in 1985, but the link does not disappear. Charity is curious about the images and sounds she recorded in 1985 and they appreciate each other's company, especially Peter, who has promoted his grades in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even at college. where he resides in the same place. . Things take an unexpected turn, however, when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies will rape England as a sign of enchantment, add to the fact that she was spared fever (not so common in 1700). Both are trying to learn a way to save her. The end is sad but there is one last interesting moment that makes it touching. Both segments of this episode are very painful, but both times, thanks to a lesson / warning that sounds like something that Rod Sterling would have prepared and entertained, have fun watching as you remember that friendship, the love and wisdom do a lot. 3/4 of this story probably has no theme, but I think everything would have been approved by the Sterling crew.
