Jim Carrey has found more or less the same role he had played in The Mask, a shy guy who tries to advance in the world but seems to be in the grip of bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless person not to be harassed by a gang of thugs (and of course, they must be Mexican, of course), his goodwill towards his neighbor turns against him. In this case, it was not too difficult to predict that he was going to have a handful of angry thugs, but I like the movie suggesting that such things should not be ignored. I remember the awesome episode of Michael Moore's The Awful Truth, where a man lay on the sidewalk pretending to be dead to see who would really stop and make sure he was fine. The results were not very promising. So it's nice to see someone in the movies set a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, the nice guy mentioned above whose life seems to be falling. a part. Or better still, it seems to break under the blows of bad luck like an asteroid penetrating the atmosphere (a small metaphor that comes when Bruce is miraculously a gigantic report later in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a journalist-like position that reports such exciting information as the local bakery looking to bake the world's biggest cookie. He is desperate to get the main anchor position on the television station, but he loses his cool when he learns that the job has been assigned to his rival colleague. You must love how they report the revelation of this news a few seconds before his first report live. It goes without saying that he loses his cool live in one of the funniest scenes of the entire movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman plays a fantastic role as Man himself, displaying a God whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected by Freeman's massive talent as an actor. This is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously, but in order to inform his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that it is sometimes necessary to slow down and perform manual work in life. . I like his line that says some of the happiest people in the world are returning home feeling heaven in heaven at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share of the United States) who are so absorbed by their money, their property, their work and all that they have completely lost touch with their natural side as humans. <BR /> <br /> One of the major assets is that the film is able to provide good advice to people in general to improve their lives. This message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of the viewer. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all its forms and I see God and Satan as metaphors for different aspects of human nature and psychology rather than as real characters who have always lived or continue to live. live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as a janitor dressed in white and mopping the floor of his office in the city center during his free time, I was able to appreciate the messages that have been delivered. in this film. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films illustrate this fantastic evolution that unites them all and makes the newest ones even more beautiful just because you can see how much he's come. If you compare Bruce Almighty with movies like Ace Ventura (which I both loved, by the way) or a lot of what he did before going into the movies, it's amazing to see the path he has traveled. He has gone from television comedy to movies to comic films, to truly intelligent and meaningful comedies like this movie, as well as other films like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (one of his greatest movies of all time). Jim Carrey has unquestionably gone from the old-fashioned comedy of his past to becoming one of the most comic comic actors in the world of comics. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston also once again provides an excellent addition to the film (as she did in Bruce's girlfriend movie, which is increasingly exasperated by Bruce's growing stress about of her life as well as her negligence in asking her to marry him.There is certainly in the film an uncomfortable comedy that does not really correspond to the importance of the meaning of the film or the quality of the broadcast, such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was really nice to see Ace Ventura's friend, Spike, making an appearance.As Stephen King knows very well, he's always nice to see familiar characters, it's almost like seeing your family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is blessed with God's powers for a period of time so he can understand life a little better, and he says much about himself when he uses powers only to s own purposes rather than to help everyone who requests it. The thing that I like about all this is that, as I said before, religion is missing in my life, but I was able to watch it and learn a lot about myself by thinking about gender. of things that I would have done had I been endowed with such powers. The film allows us to learn by proxy in this way, which further reinforces the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the news channel are easily the funniest of the film, like the one where Bruce gets angry. about the anchor position, the scene Jimmy Hoffa (who was buried with an original birth certificate and a full set of dental records), from the scene where Bruce's rival colleague is forced to go crazy with the camera, and my favorites, those from the beginning and the end involving the cuisine of the local bakery. The film has plenty of time for Carrey to deliver great jokes, such as when he tells God (who reveals that he is the janitor, the owner, the electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties must be jokes and you have to be careful about drinking, because one of them might need a return home! I also liked the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. It's a little too true, and as Gallagher would say, behind every great man hides a marveling mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies to have been aired for a long time. , and is probably the only religious directly I can remember seeing that I am eager to buy on DVD to add it to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and interpreted in good taste, but with relatively low humor to entertain children. It's a meaningful comedy for the whole family, more and more rare. In a world about to be flogged with another American Pie movie AND another scary movie (which only scare you because of their barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who do comedies that are worth watching. Do not miss this one.
