Given the title, this first follow-up of QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of stories by W. Somerset Maugham composing the film. The author comes back anyway to present the episodes, but there is no epilogue this time; by the way, while the original compendium script gave RC Sherif the sole credit, here Maugham himself also contributed to the adaptation, as was Noel Langley (though it is not known if they contributed one segment each or worked in unison). Unsurprisingly, a large portion of the QUARTET team was retained for the second installment - although this also involved at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (The last two had episode of QUARTET titled "The Colonel's Lady"). Although TRIO finally proves to be less efficient than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third floor which occupies more than half of the time), it is still executed with the greatest care, acted with verve by a stellar distribution and is pleasantly pleasant. <br /> <br /> "The Orchard" tells the story of a man from the church (James Hayter) - for whom the title of the story is another word - who was sent back after 17 years of service of the new Parish Priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Rather than resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his owner, interpreted by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacco shop strategically located in a long road where no such service is offered - and, with the flourishing trade, this is developed in a whole chain. The last scene sees him visiting the director of the bank, Felix Aylmer, who not only is surprised to learn of Hayter's lack of education, but is prompted to ask him what are his other interests - what the rich (and respected) The tobaccinist answers, with a certain irony, that he had the call of orchard! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. All knowing, "is the shortest but also perhaps the most attractive: a sea trip is totally stunned by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), British despite his foreign name, Kelada, who claims to be an authority on virtually all subjects under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to bear the most - the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the first because of Patrick's attention to his pretty wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a disguised evening, the passengers decide to play their "revenge" on Kelada by being imitated of him (a joke that he naturally does not appreciate)! Yet it is here that he strives to show a decent side to his character - tells Crawford that the necklace she wears is an imitation, Wayne throws a challenge to Patrick to name his prize ... but he realizes immediately that it's the real article and compromising Crawford's position if he had to say it, so Kelada lets himself be ridiculed publicly rather than revealing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As one can also deduce from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the myriad of patients who are in such a place - directed by André Morell; the protagonist is a new trainee, Roland Culver, who observes with nostalgia the various events. In fact, the narrative highlights in particular three distinct parts of the plot - one humorous (the "quarrel" between two elderly Scottish residents living in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), the other melodramatic (the relationship erratic between a disgruntled patient Raymond Huntley and his devoted but devoted wife Betty Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (the romance between the naive but charming Jean Simmons and the dashing Michael Rennie who, despite the fact that everyone was against her, including the fact that Morell had diagnosed a 'life sentence' while Rennie only had a few years left, led the couple to the altar).
