Produced after QUARTET, TRIO has maintained the quality of previous film versions of Maugham's news. Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic (THE ORCHARD looks like a prolonged joke, but one is doing well) and the last one is more serious (due to health problems). Once again, the author presents the film and the stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, soon to play the role of Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. He occupies this little caretaker-like work in a church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter is not in school, he dismisses him. Hayter saved money, so he told his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he would like to buy a small tobacco store and news. He has a good eye and his store thrives. Soon, he has a whole chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, he is surprised to see how successful his ex-Orchard is. The reward is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter about the diversification of his investments. I leave you to listen to the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splashy, friendly and slightly domineering guy from the Middle East who makes a business trip (about jewelery) by steamer. His fellow-state is Mr. Gray (Wilfred Hyde-White, always calm and appropriate), who somewhat disapproves of Max in silence. Max likes to animate things and is quickly very involved in the entertainment of the ship. At this point, the story actually looks like part of the plot of the non-Maugham story and the movie CHINA SEAS (1935), while Max is betting that he can tell a real gem from 'a fake (after insisting that a jewel he spotted is real). I will not describe how Max is living up to the situation. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter-ego of Maugham - a writer and another spy only in THE SECRET AGENT of Hitchcock). Here, he has to use a sanatorium for a few months to heal himself. He finds a remarkable crew, including Jean Simmons, a frail but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie, an irascible Scottish, John Laurie, a second irascible Scottish who is "at war" with Currie, and Raymond Huntley, a discreet patient shows his anger. in the face of his situation when his wife introduces himself, and Michael Rennie as a young man with a serious illness that can be fatal. Culver observes three stories among these characters playing up their conclusions. The last, which deals with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was a dandy follow-up of the previous QUARTET and deserved to be followed.
