I had a hard time loving anyone in this movie. The main characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during an evening in the Australian hinterland, are not bad, but certainly not all, or even most of the dozens of people we see all over the place. This film would be bad if we knew them better. But although we are also certain that the film wants us to be guilt or innocence of the Chamberlains from the beginning of the tragic disarray of their lives, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective on gossip, the media, the crowds and the crowds. and assumptions. This is not a movie about Australia's degenerate society in particular; it's just the story of a true story that happened there. Society in mass is much less evolved than the individual feels assured that we are. <br /> <br /> When a guardian insists on killing all the dogs of an aboriginal because of the unchecked action of a single wild dog, when a dog ruined at random Most magazines, newspapers and television programs distort the tragic truth into a drama that provokes a frenzy among its consumers. There is no sign of empathy or even any look outside of it. own unconscious perceptions, influenced left and right by the loud rumors and vibrations of those around his life. I appreciate the film because it turns the center of things, from the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspicions were fueled by one of his virtues. In the eyes of the public, she did not seem sufficiently helpless by the death of her little girl. Why was she able to keep her cool, even with a certain distance, without even holding her head up, in front of the television and the press? What part of the downward spiral could have been avoided if it had behaved more to the public's taste in the media? Meryl Streep, one of the greatest actresses working today, may not perform particularly well, and frankly, no other actor or filmmaking department does it. But she and the writers include Lindy. What's infuriating is that it's not that difficult. Apparently, anyway, she was not naturally inclined to express her emotions in public. Whether or not she is an adorable person in the immediate sense of the word, we are naturally inclined to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> Whether or not her performance is as rewarding as Sophie's Choice, The Devil's Wears Prada, Angels In America or other such work, it's a triumph. It's hard to please an audience when you deliberately deny them a glimpse of yourself. She frustrates us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took a while for me to be touched by it, but that's the way the movie suggests the reaction of public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor and practices a religion that is in a small minority and therefore misinterpreted by most. Initially, they react to their loss as if they wanted to be reconciled with the will of God, thus giving birth to a rumor that the death of their daughter was a kind of ritual murder. No matter what happened to the little girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most media did not immediately identify the content, but the first trend was to pursue them as a hungry group ... eh Well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian audience plays the lead role here. As a punctuation for each advance of the field, the director Fred Schepisi cuts from the restaurant to the tennis court for dinner in the evening at the office, where the audience tries Lindy and gets carried away in his own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan -Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the decor does not compensate pleasantly enough that no performance or facet of production stands out. But he is doing very well as an impeachment of the collective conscience of the public.
