This review contains notes for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "Innocent until proven guilty" is a fundamental right for a civilized society; but, according to the story of Fred Schepisi, partisan but sadly convincing, of a famous murder trial in Australia, the case was not granted to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her baby. The story suggesting his innocence was unlikely (a dingo would have flown), but those who implicated his guilt were even more numerous and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was fascinated by the possibility of its guilt, and the deeply religious chamberlains seemed gloomy when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were anything but innocent in this process). Thus, although the case was settled by an initial investigation, they were subsequently prosecuted and sentenced. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, this shame only followed the discovery of new evidence "proving" their innocence, something that no defendant should be compelled to produce. <br /> <br /> "A cry in the dark" is well done, especially by Meryl Streep, who puts a convincing Australian accent (at least in the ears of this pom) and manages to keep Lindy sympathetic (towards us) while continuing to explain how she managed to become a national hate figure. The scenes where she is imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking, because we believe that the characters are real. <br /> <br /> Whatever the accuracy of his story (something I can not comment on), the larger theme of this film will sound horribly true to anyone with passing knowledge of the British popular press and his ruthless habit of appealing directly to the less charitable instincts of their readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in the contemporary British tabloids is exactly the same gulf as the voices that drove Lindy Chamberlain away. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some deadly lines (if you excuse the pun). "Do not judge for you to be judged" is one of them.
