Next Spoilers: I took the book "Evil Angels" when it came out for the first time without knowing anything of the case. Just to give the Austrian press and people a break, I was quite advanced in this matter before I began to question the Chamberlain's guilt. The author of course intended the reader to understand why the public had jumped to the conclusions he had made. John Bryson told the story as it had been presented to the jurors (and collected by the press) of the arterial vaporizer, the plates of actelone (??), the certainty of Dr. James Cameron that the necklace was cut with scissors, that a baby could not be removed from his clothes with the buttons still sewn, the hand bleeding, etc. After all, they were experts in their field who testified for no apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely false was not at all apparent to me. It was also a highly technical proof, difficult to understand for a layman. At this point, beyond hearsay evidence in the trials, almost no one had ever heard of a dingo attacking a human; people did not believe it was possible. The public was suspicious of Seventh-day Adventists, whose origins made them appear as a cult, and all kinds of foolish beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt. Without the dedicated and selfless lawyers who worked tirelessly to investigate and counter the testimony of the trial, finding Azaria's clothes later would not have been enough to get Lindy out of jail. The book upset me for this reason, and I have since been reluctant to draw a conclusion about anyone's guilt (with the exception of OJ of course). I was delighted that a film was shot on the case and I do not think it could have been done better. I always liked Sam, with whom I could relate completely, and Meryl was perfect, as always. Beautiful photography, obsessive music. I think it's not only a very good film, but also a very important film. Too bad he did not receive more advertising at the time of its release.
