It was usually the advice of producer Alexander Korda regarding the shooting of several of his subordinates; the film is credited with three directors, but Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies were helped, pushing him to six. 81 movie critics saw the thief from Baghdad reach 55th place. A closer look reveals that only José Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself voted for the photo, but their high rankings were enough to bring it to a point close to halfway. <br /> The Second World War saw the production of the film move to England and the United States, then end in 1940 and win three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, it may be a film you admire rather than love. <br /> <br /> Special effects, remarkable for the time, are always reasonable and hold well if you go for it. But it is not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions. Among them is a fun horse, built from a kit model, which, when a key is inserted into its rear end, begins to fly. There is also a killer toy of the six-armed goddess Kali (perhaps, of course, a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a giant spider of rather horrible appearance. The highlight with its magnificent flying carpet is also impressive. But the most memorable must be Rex Ingram who appears as a superb cinematic djinn, a djinn (genius) nearly a thousand feet tall! Ingram describes genius as a very threatening creature and adds an element of danger to the procedure. And watch the moment when he was deceived in his bottle! <br /> <br /> John Justin does well as the Arab king who, for some strange reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, the incredibly muscular young man of 15, is almost his namesake, Abu, a rather arrogant thief. After crossing the wicked Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin finds himself blind and Abu is turned into a dog. When it seems that the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the perspective of the blind Ahmed (Justin), we find that halfway through the film, we catch the present and the adventure continues. In truth, the second half is a little better, being full of more incidents and more fantastic nature. <br /> <br /> There are three small songs in the room, though, as the film lasts for 100 minutes, it seems pretty sweet. season rather than a real ingredient; I would not classify this as a musical. This is very fun. Justin and June Duprez are the love of moms and dads, Veidt is the rascal boo-hiss and Abu, the irrepressible young thief. It may take some time to get into the slightly outdated mood and exaggerated melodrama of 1940s English movies, but once you've spent the first half-hour or so, this movie really draws you. It is quite commendable.
