The story of "The thief of Baghdad" is complex because it is told in flashback and that three separate and equally important strands are woven together. The scenario of Lajo Biros and Miles Malleson's dialogue make the story evolve in a clever way. The young king Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with his vizier Jaffar for having executed a man for having different ideas. He discovers in disguise that people reproach him for the acts of Jaffar and hate him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets Abu, the young thief. The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra. There, the companions spy on men who make their way so that no one can see the princess pass through the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells her that he has come from beyond time and wins a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jaffar wants to win the princess of Basra himself, Ahmad attacks the demonic vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the hand of the princess and he offers a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad then tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her up. Then Jaffar sends his servant Halima for Ahmad and the dog, in the hope that the prince can wake her up. He wakes her up. She boarded a ship looking for a doctor to cure Ahmad, but she was captured by Jaffar who then tossed the dog overboard. She then allows Jaffar to take her in his arms, promising to restore the sight of Ahmad and turn Abu thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to attack him and Abu is wrecked on a desert island. Abu finds a genie or a jinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after several centuries spent in prison in a bottle. Abu asks him to prove that he really comes from such a small ship, then holds him back again. To free him, he gets three wishes. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess begs her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, of which one of the six arms stabs him to death. Abu makes a second wish, find Ahmad. The cunning genius transports him to the goddess of the eye who sees everything. Abu must climb a large canvas to reach the jewel that is the eye, fight a giant spider, then climb the statue of the goddess. Abu looks into his eyes and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the genius to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at the same time. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the genie laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, omitting to mention Ahmad. Ahmad tries to make his way to the princess, but Jaffar shatters the "eye". Abu finds himself in "Land of Legends", where the old men who run want to make his king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king of the executioner, pulling his bow from the flying carpet to the astonishment of the crowd coming to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to escape on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes it. Ahmad is sovereign again and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make his vizier Abu, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not work and confinement in a palace, no matter how big he is . Producer Alexander Korda has offered this fantastic story a sumptuous production. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also artistic director, while Georges Perinal provided colorful cinematography. The directors credited are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with the participation of Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and many costume designs were made by John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. Production, apart from its magnificent and expensive visual splendors, is, in my opinion, dominated by two other elements, Miklos Rozsa's choral music and Conrad Veidt's performance in the role of the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a curious accent, in addition to his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is charming and efficient, because Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson, a miserly and gruff sultan. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the role of a young prince in love and others; he is remarkably good in his winning role. This film has a scale on this subject that is also found in other works by Korda. Its imaginative content contrasts with very realistic realistic settings, costumes and scenographic elements. It's one of the most memorable fantasies of all time that deserves to be appreciated again and again.
