-The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go to town disguised as a beggar, the wizard then locks the prince and quickly becomes the ruler of the shadows from Baghdad. the imprisoned prince meets a thief called Abu who helps him escape from the prison and goes to a city called Basra where he meets a princess he falls madly in love, but without his knowledge, the evil wizard Jafa is also in love The princess tries to convince her father to allow her to marry him. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls' hearts, so he makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This brings the prince and Abu on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. During their journey, they encounter everything, sarcastic geniuses that lead Abu in a flight through the clouds, a really hungry giant spider and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequences that these old eyes that I have never seen <br /> <br /> -This is a pure fantasy film, from start to finish, featuring flying horses, genies, flying carpets and wizards that can do magic instead of just hitting others with their stick. There are no tacky moments and the love story is not a waste of time. The production drawings are simply beautiful in this film. Palaces with different dangerous traps that meet the heroes. Even though this film is more than 40 years old, the conception of production is much better than most of the bullshit that is being tackled in today's cinema. The music and the songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will undoubtedly congratulate themselves: "I want to be a sailor who sails the seas" is one of the great musical moments of cinema. I'm not usually a big fan of singing in movies since I find them as nice as paying my taxes, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> -What sells the movie for me is being able to see things you do not see in everyday life, which is the same reason I like things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill". Long before the modern fantasy film came with their realistic computer-generated image, we were shocked by this film that upset you without your screen being scattered everywhere. One of my favorite shots in "Two Towers" is where we see the trolls open the Black Gates; the main attraction of this shot was to see these fantastic beings doing mainly manual work, and that's what I really like about the genius and other creatures in the movie. They are just trying to make a living like everyone else, which gives them a real impression even if they are just fantastic beings. <br /> <br /> -It is literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the makers of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. The characters in this film are pretty much the same characters in this film, from the great talker to the flying carpet. This is not quite a bad thing for me because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one on the planet to have a passionate love for this amazing movie. I first saw it when I was a child in our homeland and I thought it was the best thing in the world. After seeing it again last week, I still think it's amazing. This is a true testimony that a good movie can stand the test of time. Of course, the effects look a little old-fashioned and tacky, but they were made a long time ago in the 40s, so take a break. It does not seem old-fashioned, because most documents can still take their place today when they are examined according to current standards. <br /> <br /> -If you have always wanted to see a live version of "Aladdin", you should get your I wish this to be the case, but the cynical angry group will probably do its best to avoid this because it will not be their cup of tea.
