A very beautiful film, one of the few films that I visited when I'm young and that fascinates me again and again. In Thief's case, the impression actually seems to improve with the passage of time. In the 90s, my daughter and I had seen her on television several times, but we still saw the pictures of the local art house cinema. When he finished, we came out with star-studded eyes, the head full of poetry and the catchy music of Miklos Rozsa, who would have liked to have lasted two hours and think about what a beautiful world suddenly. <br /> <br /> Idealist Prince Ahmad wants to reproach his people for a while to check, but the vicious vizier Jaffar seizes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping with a small thief played by Sabu, Ahmad spots a princess and they fall head over heels in love? On the way, they have many adventures (though apparently not enough for Sabu!) And Love not only defeats, but cancels everything. The special effects had to be hypnotizing in 1940, but the weather has taken a toll and mitigated their impact, especially since the digital comic has taken precedence over the actual action ?? but they still stand up well against movies like Superman 40 years later. Anyway, if I am asked to suspend disbelief in gargantuan geniuses, flying horses and carpets, I also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite pieces: the dream scene in the sunny garden when Ahmad unfolds, as well as the Adelaide Hall romantic song; the beautiful colors of the tent in the land of legend ?? in fact, the gorgeous colors through; The victorious final but still nostalgic of Sabu and Rozsa. Conrad Veidt played the villain in two of the most incredible novels of all time, this one and Casablanca, then he died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the main roles of lovers, both light and refreshing, but the roles did not appeal to a wide range of emotions: only pure love mattered. <br /> <br /> It contains some slightly violent images, but rest assured, this is a glorious sensational experience with a 100% positive message. It's a pity that nowadays little kids do not look at this instead of the porn they prefer. One of my favorite movies in the Top 10, I can not recommend it too much. may it be shown until the end of time.
