Last night, I managed to listen to a double doublet before the end of the movie "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and I saw both movies one after the other, without really having the chance to catch my breath between two reflections. the meaning of each film separately. After sleeping, I must say that I much prefer first to second, and I will explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise shows us his young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets) Company, only 25 at the time of the release of the film; and Julie Delpy (the trilogy of the Three Colors), then 26 years old (although she looks much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer, touring Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; Young French student, she goes home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train together. The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals spent an entire night together walking the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging their ideals and thoughts and gradually falling on love. <br /> <br /> The film contains images from the 1990s: at the time, technology was surging fast, the new millennium, with all its hopes and dreams, waiting around the corner, and the Young adults like those described in the film were filled with love for life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, whether by mistake or deliberately, was half French and American, and he rocked from one specter to the other. other, breaking the character of the character (credibility), were a mirror of time. Watching the naïve couple swallow life with so much sense and excitement, playing in clichés and romance while being able to crack the audience, that's what made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not tell you if their relationship continues after the movie or not makes it all the more useful. <br /> <br /> Altogether, Sunrise is a dream walk through Vienna's urban landscapes, a well-known classic romantic rendez-vous, and a film I will certainly be returning to in the future.
