When I saw this film at the cinema when it was released in 1995, via a free projection, I was totally delighted and I would have gladly paid to see it. I was sorry when I talked to a lot of people who had also seen it and who were totally disappointed and how it ended. For my part, I felt completely the opposite. I was totally satisfied with the result and everything else. The people I talked to said there was too much talk! Moreover, they were unhappy because they thought that the end of the film left you perplexed about the fate of the two characters. I found these absurd and painful observations to show that the majority of American viewers seem to have a tendency to want easy-to-follow stories in movies with not too complex and confused intelligent dialogue. They also like to be spoon fed - happy or sad. It disgusts me. Nobody wants to be challenged ??? And as for the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm quite happy because I know deep inside me that these two characters will meet again. Everything rests on your personal faith in romance and destiny. It's a very personal film that does not speak to everyone. But that certainly spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with that! Richard Linklater has produced a beautiful film with a beautiful story in the beautiful context of the city of Vienna. Looking at this, you feel as if you are walking the streets of the city with the characters. As if you were walking in Europe with a Eurail Pass. It's very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job to bring the complex script to life. They had to improvise at times and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their clumsiness as strangers who know each other at the beginning is very believable and you can really feel that romance and bond are developing between them as the movie progresses. I feel it's a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me and I hope it will affect others as much. Congratulations for the romance !!!
