I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I could not help but miss Before Sunrise, not because the sequel was less terrible, but I felt that these two films complemented each other like no other movie had ever been, every time I finish looking at one of them, I feel the need and the desire to see each other. So, I ended up spending weeks looking at them several times, I would be pretty embarrassed to say how many times exactly. The most remarkable thing about Before Sunrise is the way you feel the development of their characters' feelings towards each other. It sounds so simple, the development of chemistry, I think other romantic movies might think they have managed to follow the evolution, but for me - who does not believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first film to really offer viewers the chance to feel it. When I first saw him about 8 years ago, when I was 20, I already loved him. But, I did not call it a "big movie", it always seemed like a good movie of people thinking, Linklater was too clever to make it more realistic, it was too long for 10 minutes, the characters were too good Made, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and I enjoyed their conversations, etc. etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel it's more like Before Sunrise than I've felt before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them is separated from one of them, and they have a chance to mix, the story is only a frame of time, I do not feel more manipulated. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as its refusal to be too effective, how blind I was to the fact that these qualities did not seem exceptional to me when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more I live on movies, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist for its end, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Linklaters' own Slackers are included. The tale of Jesse and Celine avoids that. Perhaps Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films whose end is a consequence of time, not a destination, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they shot Before Sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing aspects of these sequels is the way these two movies contrast visually. Before Sunrise uses more static angels and brighter colors, seems to be trying to capture the smaller atoms of vivacity that surround Jesse and Celine, the world is always hopeful, whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I enter into the vision of boredom as Jesse talks to reporters in Before Sunset and that Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I've ever seen at the beginning of a film, as well as the many moving shots that followed. takes me to a place I do not know with sadness, so beautiful is the charm of Paris and as happy as I am happy to see each other again. I'm sorry to continue this long with my limited English. Before Sunrise is already an extraordinary film without my thoughts scattering, and it is still improving with an equally fantastic sequel.
