After a chance meeting on the train, a young couple spends a night in the streets of Vienna discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to watch a young Julie Delpy deliver her lines. As "Céline", this blonde with brown eyes, sexy and intelligent, is in a way a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, while they were in their mid-twenties. Risking to exaggerate, Céline is practically the ideal woman, of an unusual and very feminine beauty, while being natural, unpretentious, introspective and in love. One can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and speaks of a blue line, because her sincere and intelligent words are sometimes penetrating. In addition, her varied expressions are simply captivating and she speaks English with a very engaging French accent. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good film, it would be his neglected and disheveled costar. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" presents himself as a vaguely attractive slob, a kind of Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to seem detached and nonchalant, he trails a little through some blows. His pants are not fitting, his shirt does not come off, his wavy black hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone should really have shown him how to trim his young goat. Nevertheless, he is supposed to represent an unwashed youth on a two-week train trip to Europe. The look he has cultivated is probably quite authentic. Her often cynical observations and her ironic sense of humor seem to impress Celine, a flawless romantic, though she is sometimes troubled by the sheer extent of her alienation. When he finally confesses that he's really fed up with himself and loves being close to her because he feels different in his presence, we know he's going somewhere. <br /> <br /> After spending their collective funds on a series of idiotic cafes, bars and entertainment, they agree that because they may never see each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse burns a bottle of red wine on a sentimental bartender so that he and his new lover can go to a park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, watch the moon and the stars and watch the sun come up . <br /> <br /> Given her boundless luck in the romance department, it is particularly annoying that Jessie, as the very definition of a naive idiot, let this wonderful young woman foolishly escape her. He is content with a half-cooked plan, quickly developed at the station when he says goodbye, to meet at the same place in a year and a half. When the time comes, know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another girl, maybe even married and pregnant. For some reason, she will probably not show up, while Jesse, who ends up working for Target or (if he is lucky) the local library, will return to Vienna, hoping to see her again, to finish only. /> <br /> Despite what seemed to me to be a very discouraging conclusion, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend it, as well as the suite "Before Sunset".
