Before Sunrise, there are a lot of remarkable things to do, almost too much to fit into such a review, but suffice it to say that this is one of the most thoughtful character studies of the '90s, perhaps even in all the contemporary cinema, not to be observant. on love, for example, as much as on a human connection. How does he fall in love at first sight? Nobody does it, at least that is the result of the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And yet *, it is possible to create such an intense connection, a link that can be formed among young people and with many ideas that can be articulated and with a degree of cynicism, while being very tender and true in same time. time. Linklater tells us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French woman and an American who get off the same train to Vienna and who, on the way, begin to talk about things, first arbitrary, then personal (Jessie seeing death for the first time in his great-grandfather). Jessie persuades Celine to accompany him at a party in the "city", Vienna, to his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise gives Jessie and Celine, in the middle of the beautiful city of Vienna, landscapes and places to talk again and again about topics that are very important and, in a sense, it's about having conversations, what it's like to watch people leading each other. Here, it is often about relationships and commitments, Jessie and Celine telling sometimes somewhat insignificant stories, or apparently, and another that says a lot about their essential qualities. We hear confessions of desires for other loves, or those who are not really, to belong to a family or an education that may or may not inform the way you will love your life, what it means to believe or not. Believe in a religious form, or simply to have a connection to a religion or soul (I loved the idea of ​​Quakers in the church), and sometimes cynical or skeptical. Jessie may be more responsible for this last part, but what is fascinating in the film is that it's never really cynical, but to comment on the cynicism that drives the concerns of men and women of this age . <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always a pleasure to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where they are not bothering you in the Generation X mode of the 90's, but which are kind to to meet if it is not in the concept of the film, which is not bad at all but necessary, you could think of walking somewhere in the streets of a city. Vanity is that of an old romantic image at the Brief Encounter. Only here, intimacy is expressed in the central characters, either between them, where the sweet sides are actually acceptable ("I must tell you a secret," says Jessie, then leans in a kiss, ho-ho), or in the little moments that appear with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, where he is very cinematic to suddenly find a random romantic player in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal, or with the palm reader and how the reactions Jessie and Celine are we could share, but really see them doing first hand. Meanwhile, Hawke and Delpy embody roles in interesting ways - we can see how neuroses are already forming for their adult lives - as this could pave the way for the future ... <br /> <br> > With a splendid cinematography and a scenario with an ear for the natural spirit and a real sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, even if it is autonomous, because it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can not be suddenly attached to someone, if only for less than 24 hours, and be much more attached than a married couple? This may be Linklater's thesis, but it is not just that. It's a very dense film, and one that will remind me a few times. One of the most brilliant and brilliant scenes occurs when the two people talk to each other "on the phone" opposite each other, imitating their shows and going to each other's friends. A +
