Many critics on this thread seem to choose a comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films of their choice, but the similarities between "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi, while the main point of comparison presented with "Casablanca "is the seemingly unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Arts and Film Science, which has chosen Paul Lukas instead of the Oscar for Best Actor. That does not seem to me totally wrong. Lukas had a good career in cinema (here and in England - he is the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier, two first-rate performances, and he did not Would not do it ... get an Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of Sierra Madres", the alleged perpetrator / assassination in "In A Lonely Place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in " The Caine Mutiny "later - he got it for Charley in" The African Queen "). I think Bogie should have gotten it for Dobbs, but that did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he understood it in the defining performance of his small career. Few can say that. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie to watch with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another Hellman play / screenplay, "The Searching Wind". They both observe the spirit of American isolationism in the twenties and thirties. "The Searching Wind" really looks at the whole period between the wars, while "Watch On The Rhine", which takes place in the years before our entry into the Second World War, deals with a few weeks . Therefore, it is better designed as a game and more meaningful for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has a lot of good performances, led by Lukas as an exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping his character as unobtrusive as possible due of Lukas Coulouris as a selfish, complicit but ultimately stupid and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris's wife wiser and more tired than fed up), and Kurt Katch, who delivers a devastating criticism (as head of the Gestapo of the local embassy) about Coulouris and other people who would deal with the Nazis.He has a bite dialogue in it.And what that says is quite There are moments of almost poetry too, witness the scene, towards the end, when Coulouris stays alone with Lukas and Davis and says, "The New World has left the stage for the Old World." Hellman could very well write well from time to time mps. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the screenplay and the film's performances, I would say that this film is very popular with WWII films.
