Before Sunrise is a love story for the generation of slackers. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is a quirky story of a dream come true for most people. The film describes romance in all its glory, but without the traps that hit most couples; In short, the film speaks of two people who have a relationship as perfect as ever, with only one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships are absorbed over time, the relationship continues to be strong and time itself is the only thing that wears out. Before Sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental "Hollywood romance", which is another aspect that puts this film in the forefront of the contenders. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and Celine; a french girl who meet on a train in Vienna. They connect instantly and after explaining his terrible idea to broadcast a TV show and almost get off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him the next day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... <br /> <br /> Before sunrise works mainly for two reasons: a realistic acting game and a huge scenario that builds characters through their thoughts and feelings and allows us to better know them as we do with people in the real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working from a script. It also allows us to feel for the characters what they are and not just because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is difficult to grasp because, in the end, the public knows that it is watching a movie and not observing real life; Before Sunrise represents one of the most realistic exhibitions of realism ever seen on screen. A really great storyline can not work on its own, and needs big players to deliver it to an extent that makes it fair, and although I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; by watching this film, you can do nothing but show them respect. I do not know if they were in the character or if they played themselves, but when a film is good? it hardly matters. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, writing is the most important thing. The script contains several observations about life, which I could personally understand. This represents what Richard Linklater did with this script because he not only creates and builds the characters, but also manages to expose true love, as well as many other aspects of life. The fact that all the anecdotes are not personally related to me again represents the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different, and different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be some aspects of one person that one person likes and another person hates; and this is the case with the daydreams in this script. The city of Vienna adds to the beauty of the film. The city itself is not really important for the film, it's a story that could have happened everywhere - but it offers great graphics and the optimistic and energetic romance that flourishes throughout the film is at the height of the beauty of the <br /> <br /> Avant Sunrise, it is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever overdoing it or being too sentimental. Before sunrise, that's what it is. And what it is, it's a pure cinematic glow.
