I'm going to tell you a story from the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie, and it was a Who's Who of the best Canadian bands of the day. We arrived around 4 am, queued most of the morning, and when the doors were opened at 9, we were among the first inside the doors. We then waited and waited under the hot sun, grilling slowly but we did not care, because the headliners were part of our favorites. At one point, early in the afternoon, I sat down and didzed off, with my back to the gate. To my surprise and dismay, a screaming girl was wearing a Rheostatic t-shirt. That's why I hated rheostats so far. There is nothing reasonable, neither determined taste, nor really anything other than their fandom. Snotty of me, is not it? So, in my hate of the band, I refused the pleasure that represents Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl has everything you need. It's hard to say what he lost because he lives in a beautiful mansion stuck between the ocean and the mountains (the area of ​​British Columbia where the film was shot is breathtaking). The life we ​​dream most of us is dismantled by dreams, ghosts and its own past, until the day when an adolescent criminal interferes ... and, banal, it reveals it. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. Generally, a lack of money, as well as an insupportable lack of requests for help (as if the feature film ceases to be Canadian), result in a lower production value than American or British films, and most people do not like to watch anything. it looks like or looks like, well, not an American movie. Second, Canadian screenwriters often seem so caught off guard that they lose sight of telling a good story and telling it correctly. Third, they seem to think that free (often total) nudity does something artistic. I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's a bit like the "Do not do it" manual somewhere and Canadian filmmakers have thrown it away a long time ago. <br /> <br /> In the '90s and' 00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold and managed to retain what makes them Canadian, while retaining production values ​​and captivating stories. Whale Music is such a film, on the surface. More deeply than its Canadians, it is the deeply moving story of a man who has lost his grip, out of sorrow and excess, who is redeemed by music, then by love. And that buys even the rheostatic ones. :)
