"Emma" is a product of what might be called the first cycle of Great Jane Austen in the mid-90s, and it was recently aired on British television, no doubt because of the interest in it. author created by Great Jane Austen's Second Cycle which began with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have Austen's "Becoming Jane" biopic in cinemas, and ITV recently produced three television films based on Austen's novels. This is "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six great novels not to have been shot before. The cycle should be finished. No doubt, however, that others will come in the near future. (There is, after all, his young "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novel "Lady Susan", and someone, somewhere, has no doubt provided endings to his two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." There are all these Austen suites produced by modern writers ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from an aristocratic family in Regency, England. (Not, as some critics have supposed, Victorian England - Austen died before the birth of Queen Victoria). Emma is financially better off than most of Austen's heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, saying that Harriet should be targeting the ambitious priest Elton. However, this ploy turns out to be catastrophic, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal makes one wonder why she was so eager to associate her friend with a man she (rightly) sees as an inadequate marriage partner for herself. This is a plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a girl less engaged than she seems and is also fallen in love, causing new complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she does not do it. to marry without affection, and when she finds a partner, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we think it will indeed be a loving marriage. This does not seem very passionate (unlike, for example, that of Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (aged 21, age 37) and related to her by marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. In reality, his character is much more representative than his current father, an old and selfish old hypochondriac who looks more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude to Miss Bates, her unbearably chaotic and tedious friend, it is Knightley who reprimands her for her lack of manners. (His family name is probably meant to indicate his gentlemanly nature - nineteenth-century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate codes of chivalry). Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam both play their part very well, but it's not really a big romance on the screen. <br /> <br /> Among the other characters, I liked the vulgar Mrs. Elton and Harriet de Toni Collette. I know that in the novel, Harriet was a naïve teenager, whereas here she looks more like the character Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding" - a slightly overweight 20-year-old woman who cares about her chances of find a man. Nevertheless, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not remove the themes of Austen. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's clearest works, without the darker shades of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this is reflected on the screen . We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes, elegant costumes and refined manners. Apart from the gypsy brutes, who make a very brief appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and, living in a kind of thatched thatched cottage covered with roses that today would change hands £ 500,000, we can be sure that their poverty is relative and not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty means not having one's own home. Of course, this is not a complete picture of life in the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed that Austen was the equivalent of the realism of a kitchen sink in the Regency. A sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen sense of human character analysis, was better in line. <br /> <br /> I would not give this movie a rating as high as that of "Sense and Sensibility" of 1994 or the recent "Pride". and Prejudices "- he tends to slip a little in the middle, although he has a solid beginning and end - but it is, overall, a very nice adaptation of Austen.
