Romance is in the air and love is in bloom in the Victorian era in England, in this cheerful story about a society at a time when manners were always fashionable, where ladies were charming and elegant and the frisky gentlemen. "Emma", based on Jane Austen's novel and written for screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, features the charming Gwyneth Paltrow in the lead role. A self-proclaimed matchmaker, Emma loves the romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and trying to match those who, in her opinion, agree with each other. After a successful marriage that ended in marriage, she then seeks a partner for her friend Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt is less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, his efforts are tempered by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose reflections on heart issues often seem a little smarter than Emma's and bring the necessary balance to the proceedings. And Emma, ​​so preoccupied with what is right for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all: hers. The world goes around in circles and love abounds, but Emma is about to miss the boat. Fortunately for her, however, it's a perfect person for her who is waiting behind the scenes. Now, if she can only stop long enough to realize it. But as everyone who knows true love knows, heart issues can go right or wrong in a moment, depending on the least thing; and although the novel is at hand for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and seize the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has designed and broadcast a delightful wellness film that looks like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be an air of frivolity about it, but in retrospect, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing - in all honesty - to anyone: love. And with the impeccable sense of rhythm and timing of McGrath, everything is played here in a very entertaining and enjoyable way. It's a nice, touching, beautifully distributed movie that successfully transports the viewer to another time and place. It is light, but absorbing; and the picturesque scenery and the debates provide a feeling of well-being and calm that allows you to immerse yourself in it and follow the current that flows. <br /> <br /> The seductive Paltrow, who won the Oscar for best actress for 'Shakespeare In Love' two years after the creation of it, seems comfortable and comfortable in this kind. She personifies everything that is British and does so with such naturalness and ease that it is the kind of performance that can be easily taken for granted or simply neglected. She is just so good at what she does and makes it so easy. She has a charismatic screen presence and an endearing way, which Audrey Hepburn is fond of. Yet, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range of styles and styles and has demonstrated - with such films as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" - that she could play pretty much n ' whatever role and with that touch that plays any role she plays hers. But it's with characters like Emma that she really shines. She is so expressive and open-minded, and her personality so engaging, that she is a person with whom she is easy to get along with and who is a joy to watch, no matter what role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam performs extremely well in the role of Knightley and, like Paltrow, seems to fit the genre - the right role is; his performance in the recent "The Golden Bowl", in which he was playing an Italian prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect. he is handsome and behaves in such a way as to make Knightley credible and very real. Like Colin Firth's Mr Darcy in the `Pride and Prejudice 'miniseries, Northam has created a memorable character with his own character, Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Toni Collette is also excellent in supporting roles and deserves to be mentioned. Emma's friend, Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. Collette and Cumming, respectively, create characters that are real people and, as such, become an essential asset to the overall success of this film. And it shows how much the actors of the cinema and all the genres are precious in the world of the cinema. <br /> <br /> The support troop includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse). ), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Ms. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Ms. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). Emma is an edifying and elegant film that recalls civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world that is too often besieged by inconveniences. And even if it is only by the magic of the big screen, it is nice to be able to escape in such a world, if only for a few hours, because that answers the need to renew the faith in the human spirit. And that's the magic of cinema. I note this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
