After seeing CUBE, I'm a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this inept ability to take a scenario, and barely twist it like a wet towel for every scenario he can muster. Instead, it lets the stories themselves unfold in a natural way, so much so that you can actually believe that there is this Cube where people are trying to escape or, in the case of NOTHING, a great deal empty expanse where there is ... nothing! The ad hooked me instantly. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothingness becomes an irony in the film. There is nothing there, but also "something" there. <br /> <br /> It may be time to report that the trailer is very misleading. I had the good fortune to understand that the film was leaning more comically than the trailer said. Therefore, while watching the movie, I occasionally laugh, while someone who misleads the ad may be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take a minute to rent the movie, where the movie excels on is the concept. It's a great concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters, NOT two bright, who will philosophize and work their environment, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where they are! The cinematography of the film is another strong point, but at first, it may seem ridiculous! Where each wall, north, land, south, west, up and down is only a white plane, the perception of depth becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are placed in the Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments where it really happens, but most of the time, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character, are placed in the foreground and in the background, which gives an impression of depth. <Br /> <br /> However, this film is missing in some areas. The film is relatively short, but after all, after a while, the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather bland and you want to find a form of resolution in the plot. We can also say that the acting is once again questionable. In a sense, these two characters are inconceivable. We do not feel any sympathy for these characters. However, from one side to the other, the chemistry and the friendship between the two characters seem very real, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> Even so, I think this movie is really nice! Do not let the trailer make you think it's another sci-fi horror movie. It's much more a comedy than that! It's worth looking though, only for the concept itself!
