Director Vincenzo Natali showed his penchant for character-based sci-fi movies for the first time with his short film "Elevated" of 1997, in which three people are stuck in an elevator while invisible monsters roam the building. His next feature film project, "Cube", released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator, it was a vast expansion of nested cubic death traps. Both were admirable attempts to push the genre of science-fiction a step further, deliberately refusing to show almost all visual stimulation, choosing to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, the how the characters act, react and interact under and dangerous conditions. After exploring the general public with "Cypher" in 2002, Natali returned to her strange character movie trend to bring us "Nothing," her latest, and by far the most upbeat and comical cinematic world view of "What If ? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are longtime friends, united by a mutual detachment from society and the lack of anyone else to live with. Dave, who has always been embarrassed by a selfish and somewhat confused nature, lives without barking Andrew in his poorly constructed and ill-constructed home, where he often takes advantage of his neurotic and antisocial mentality. In spite of all this, the two maladjusted ones are happy, until the day when their deep defects of character, associated with an astronomical misfortune, place them in the middle of rather serious problems, worthy of a jail sentence. On top of that, they discover that their home has been deemed unfit for life and must be demolished before sunset. So in the fuzzy and nightmarish panic of everything that's wrong with them, they want the whole world to simply disappear. And that's the case. <br /> <br /> Going further in the synopsis would compromise many slow (sometimes too slow) revelations of the film about what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they handle their new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human behavior under duress (like The Birds) is palpable, but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers, he is able to break with the thriller-horror element of this premise to open it to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he had done the aphoristic opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the film does not last 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In accordance with fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two anti-heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. Like the game "Desert Island," the film shows how even the best friends, when left to their own devices, can fall apart, but at the same time, they show that friends are essential to the quality of life. In a very twisted way, science fiction is a film of well-being, with good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some scruples to have with "Nothing". Although the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, are doing well with their roles, their characters are not as interesting as they should have been, since it's up to them to entertain us for a good hour. The relationships and personalities of Dave and Andrew evolve somewhat, a context is provided, but ultimately insufficient. A generous spectator will go through the less engaging parts of the film to bring it to an end, but the cynics will probably give up pretty soon. <br /> <br /> Act, as mentioned, agrees, and considering the amount of work "green screen" that would have been necessary, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both of whom co-wrote the screenplay, are Vincenzo Natali's long-time friends: Hewlett has been featured in every film Natali made. It is perhaps their creative contribution that has guided this film in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, the story could have been much more complex. Admittedly, it's a lot of fun because (no pun intended), nothing really happens, but you get the impression that, in more experienced hands, we could have done much more with this premise. <br /> <br /> In all fairness, "Nothing" is an impressive job in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the scenario works on a human level and, above all, it shows a progression in the creative mentality of Natali. For the fans of his work, it will be a delight, and for others it will be a good way to spend some unwanted time. It's a shame that the director's fixation on the human drama prevented him from being the big, fun movie he could have been.
