A little modified, 'Nothing' could be a children's movie. It's a very intelligent concept that addresses interesting metaphysical themes and goes against almost every Hollywood convention you can think of ... What goes against everything more than, literally, "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want the world to move away when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that's left is what they do not hate, and a big empty white space. It's hard to center a story on two actors for the majority of your movie, especially without cutting anything out of the plot. It focuses on almost a subject, but it is the first territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen 'Cube', you already know that he tends to like this kind of situation. The "nothing" in this film is apparently an infinite space, but Natali manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic, if only because there is literally nothing else, and nowhere to go. The actors sell it, although you still know that these guys are friends. Two actors from 'Cube' come back here (Worth and Kazan), but are entirely different characters. They change throughout history and, although they are not the most powerful actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> The reason I say that it could be a children's movie under the appropriate adjustments is because apart from a few f-bombs and a somewhat useless dream sequence, the whimsical and often silly feeling of this film could very well be digested by children. So I find it odd that the editors decided to add vulgar language and a small amount of gore, especially since there is not much language. This could easily have been a PG rating if they had just removed a few items and changed a small dialogue. This film has very few objections, but enough to prevent parents from wanting their children to see it. I'm just saying it's a shame, not because I support censorship, but because it may be the only thing that keeps this film from being more widely exposed. <br /> <br /> In any case, it's a pretty entertaining film, although with some scenes trailed. But because they are literally about nothing and they focus entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
