Nothing is fantastic! As simple as that! It's a movie that should not work, yet it works. Natali stays in the realm of science fiction, but this film is also a comedy. Cypher, it seemed like a big budget deal for Natali ($ 7.5 million!) Woo-hoo Pa!, So with Nothing, he goes down again. It's a low-budget, independent film, at its best. Simple and traditional tales, and attempt to make a film with artistic merit, in keeping with the usual reasons for Hollywood to gain a financial gain. Nothing is a film about Nothing and before asking, no, it's not at all like Seinfeld! By and large, Andrew and Dave are a few losers. They live in a strange house under two highways. Andrew is an agoraphobic telesales travel agent while Dave is Andrews' best friend staying with him without paying rent to help him. Dave is fed up, however, and has a wonderful girlfriend with whom he wants to move in. By bizarre misfortunes though, Dave discovers that his girlfriend has diverted a huge amount of money from Daves' workplace incriminating Dave, and Andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a scout (Canadian humorists! ). It turns out that Andrew's house must also be demolished and he can not prevent that from happening because the house was built on land where it should not have been built. Andrew and Dave are both inside the house when the police and the demolition team call each other. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion at the very moment when the police are beating white. What happened? Dave and Andrew are they dead? They wake up to meet again in the house but it's quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry scout mother! Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "wish or hate". In the end, they hated the outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is described as pure white. This means that the film's decor is a home decor, then all white. The film is an interesting vision of human isolation and the psyche. Obviously, as they spend more time alone without food or water, they begin to tire of each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is helpful, but obviously things get out of hand. I can not say much, but I must say that bouncing heads are a sight to behold. <br /> <br /> This movie is weird, fun and interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together Cube's two buddies, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to direct the film. They have chemistry and also work very well. They must hold 90% of the film alone and much of it on a white background, but it works. Certainly, I expect this treatment to be identical to that of Cypher and that it will appear on DVD in a year or two in the United States. Nothing is a quality and a unique film and although they are not as good as Cube or Cypher, Natali is once again considered one of the best players. <br /> <br /> Natali is a person who really interested me in her three features so far and I can not wait for her next feature. I am prey to God, he does not make the proposed necropolis, written and realized by the patient ADD, Paul Anderson. Vincenzo, my old friend, if Paul comes to your pad, RACE !!! RUN AS THE WIND !! I hope this guy will not show up in Hollywood like Alex Proyas (with the nice helium light, but at the foot of the cat, covered with sugar: I Robot!). Keep your eyes open for this guy. ****
