When it came out, it was more of a cinematic musical entertainment at the cutting edge of technology. To this day, he is more entertaining than most others, largely thanks to James Cagney's lead role as a musical prologue producer with a succession of deadlines and protected from all storms by his faithful "girl" Friday "performed by Joan Blondell. In addition, the late-night music numbers that were composed by Busby Berkeley are quite impressive in this kind of thing. <br /> <br /> But it's a strange movie. In one of these numbers, Billy Barty pretends to be an adorable toddler and does all kinds of strange things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a disgusting smile on her face all the time, but at least she does not have to act like some of her latest unfortunate movies. You would never guess that Dick Powell was a tough guy to have seen in this movie; Apparently, all the energy of the tough guy has been attributed to star Cagney. As for Cagney, his high-speed speeches on musical and other shows are both endearing and boring. After a while, it gets a little too much. You expect him to come out and say, "Hey, I have a good prologue idea, the women are cigarettes and they come out of a pack of cigarettes Oh no, we did it last month " It's funny but it becomes a bit repetitive. In times when he has to be harsh with the wicked girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of Cagney's gangster's established characters make their appearance. In fact, gangster-B director William Keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching, and it sometimes seems that Cagney and Blondell invoke something very "street" even though the characters are not criminal. <br /> <br /> The musical figures ... what can you say? They are alone as entertainment. The way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really surprising. But none of them really means anything. It means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And all the pretense of integration breaks down immediately, as the characters in the series do things that probably would not be appreciated by a theater audience, as the film describes. For example, at some point they show the small print of a newspaper, things like that. All that exists only on film, the idea that the prologues are actually shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience at the time was a little less critical about things like this than it would be about ten years later, because it's a very neat production. <br /> <br /> It's good to see Cagney show off his great dancing skills, and he can really share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are going very well. The music I would say is mediocre, but especially enjoyable if it is repetitive. The management of Bacon is generally very appropriate but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is indisputable and it has also acquired nostalgic value over time. It's a cut above most 30s movies "Let's get the show".
