Produced very early by Oliver Stone (partner) and one of the first films of the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only independent film studio in the world, Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, filmmaker award-winning for over 30 years). Having collected the funds himself for this film, Lloyd wrote this scenario with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and regrets a posteriori to have listened to the advice that Gershuni would be directed by another director instead of doing it himself. But at the time, he was still inexperienced in the sector and it is probably because of decisions of this type that he does not take any more nonsense. In fact, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - one of the most original, daring, experimental and uncompromising filmmakers in the world that he would probably have put even more in front of him than has not been. But as is the case, we have the film directed by Gershuni. And although it's a strong script, or the fact that he's also quite a director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, very suspensive and well-crafted film that deserves a lot more attention than he receives none. The small budget of the small studio (it was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for more than 30 years, Michael Herz, trained by Troma) has to work, is so well managed that the film looks very much more expensive, in fact does not have a "small budget" at all. The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover who ends up dying in circumstances that I will not reveal in order not to spoil a charming story. This leads to a succession of intrigues, games of the mind and personality reforms inspired by the Hitchcock Vertigo and at least as inventive. The atmosphere is, however, much darker, and some comparisons with PERFORMANCE by Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell come to mind. This mix contains a very original and inventive erotic thriller, which keeps the blur on how all this will end, which, with a sub-plot beautifully interlaced with a nod to that of Kaufman, previously and unfortunately unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT THE FUSS is a very exciting hour and a half. Certainly one of the best films in Troma's library and, again, one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that their catalog is in bad taste. The DVD includes recent interviews conducted by Kaufman with Woronov and the other leading lady Lynn Lowry (later appeared in George Romero's THE CRAZIES), providing an interesting insight into what happened when this favorite was created. and some allusions to what would be different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended.
