To begin, here is a summary: The porn queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her lover pornographic Max (George Shannon) in a game of Russian sex roulette. Alta's other love, Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), a lesbian ice casting agent, provides Max with an alibi. But Camila has her own program and a plan involving the seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) into a network of games of the sexual mind. When the identity of the lookalikes is sufficiently vague, the table is ready for a revenge as passionate as the carnal encounter the most inflamed. <br /> <br /> Although this film is quite obscure and has never received much attention, I find it a sexy and suspenseful jewel. The worship goddess Woronov has one of her best roles, and she, with the innocent sexy Lowry, plays well against each other. The disturbing music provided by Gershon Kingsley, as well as two original songs ("All-American Boy," "You say you never let me down") and the "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" of the Jaynetts make up a memorable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is clear, with all photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest unsavory business boiling under the upper crust of society. Ondine (Woronov's friend and fellow Warholite) gives a superb performance in a small role and Monique Van Vooren, exotic, ex-wife of Max in a comic plot. This sub-plot, while amusing, seems to belong to another film. However, I do not complain, because the film is smooth even if it changes gears and is much more interesting than the waste of the erotic thriller currently being processed. <br /> <br /> Anecdote: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (soft-core) and published by the General Film Corporation in 1973. I am proud to own an original poster of a leaf - my luck! In 1977, the film was cut for an R and reissued by the Troma team, which now offers it in an uncut version on videotape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time and would have been uncomfortable portraying lesbian simulated sexual scenes with him, looking at him behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of her previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
