My former Cambridge contemporary, Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, has advanced the theory that just as British filmmakers of the 1980s often criticized what they called "Britain of Thatcher," comedies 'Ealing were conceived as satires "Attlee's Britain", Britain born after the victory of the Labor Party in the general election of 1945. This theory probably did not apply to, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which is rather a satire of the Upper Edwardian classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", which may contain satire but are not political in nature. It can however be applied to most other films in the series, including "Passport for Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in the early forties, a predominantly working-class district of London, located on the north bank of the Thames, about 1.5 km from Victoria Station . As has often been said, it is not entirely correct to say that the film speaks of Pimlico "declaring itself independent" of Britain. What happens is that an old charter proves that in the fifteenth century the region was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically, Pimlico has been an independent state for almost five hundred years, whatever the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promised to pass a special law of Parliament to rectify the anomaly, but until the law receives royal assent, the area remains outside the UK and UK laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Since Pimlico is not subject According to British law, the owner of the local pub is free to open the hours he chooses and local traders can sell what they want to whoever they like, without being bothered by the rationing laws. When other traders begin to move into the region to sell their wares in the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they see as legalized black market and buckle the region to try to coerce the "Burgundians", as do the inhabitants of Pimlico. have become famous for going. <br /> <br /> Most of Ealing's comedies have as their central theme the idea that the little man assumes the system, either as an individual, as in "The Man in the White Suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob ", or as a member of a wider community like in" Whiskey Galore "or" The Titfield Thunderbolt ". The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women who engage in bureaucracy and government-imposed regulations, which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. . The film's particular objective is the rationing system. During the war, the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the struggle against Nazism, but it became increasingly controversial politically when the government tried to maintain it in peacetime. This was an important factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee Administration, which had been elected with a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives' League had been created to campaign for the abolition of rationing. I can not agree with the commentator who stated that the main targets of the film's satire were the "spivs" (black market sellers), who play a relatively minor role in the action, or the League of housewives, who do not appear at all. Satire is very focused on bureaucrats, who are described either as having a "rule-for-rules" mentality, or as a willingness to dispense with money and avoid taking action. <br /> <br /> I suppose that if the film were to be shot today, it would have a different end, Pimlico remaining independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept would probably be used as a basis for a TV sitcom rather than a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers were very attached to patriotism and British identity. The film ends with the reabsorption of Pimlico in Great Britain. One of the most famous sentences of the film is "We have always been English and we will always be, and it is simply because we are English that we defend our right to be Burgundians". There is a stark contrast between the rather heartless public service attitude, common sense, tolerance and good humor of the Cockney of Pimlico, all of which are portrayed as essentially British. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and a sweltering heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has joined the UK, the temperature drops and he begins to rain. Global warming may have changed things slightly, but for many years, being British was an ability to believe, no matter the statistics, that the British climate was unusually wet. It was also important to be joking about this climate. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway satisfactorily interprets the character of Arthur Pemberton, the local grocer and local politician who becomes Pimlico's prime minister, a free man, and Margaret Rutherford is a funny cameo as history teacher. Basically, however, this is, quite rightly, a film about a small community being formed, an example of an overall game without real star performance but with the contribution of each to an excellent movie. He lacks the ill-will and resentment of many newer satirical movies, but his wit and satire are no less effective. It remains one of the funniest satires of the bureaucracy ever created and, with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets", is my favorite among Ealing's comedies. 10/10
