Get this movie if possible. You will find a very good performance of Barbara Bach, a beautiful cinematography of an imposing (and incredibly clean) old house but scary, and an unexpected virtuoso performance of ?? "The Invisible". I took a used copy of this film because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I had just seen in "The spy who loved me". I love classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can play a little bit. We start with a beautiful, fresh premise. TV journalist Bach goes on his boyfriend and covers a festival in a Californian city, Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish origins by organizing a big folk festival. She brings a cameraman, who happens to be his sister, and another partner. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know the celebrities with whom each of these women is married, it's too funny to watch Bach (Ms. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) go down the street with a fraternal quarrel.)) In short ?? Bach's beautiful villain follows her to Solvang, as he has not finished arguing with her. There is still a lot of feeling between them, but she does not want to see him tear down anymore about his football career. The ladies arrive at Solvang to do the mission for their station, but discover that their reservations have been given to someone else. (Maybe to the boyfriend of Bach, because you believe it? Where will he stay?). The girls ask around, but there is nowhere to go. By mistakenly seeking to enter an old hotel that now serves only as a museum, they attract the interest of the owner, Mr. Keller (late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and to house them at his home, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know, Keller makes a whisper call to his wife to warn him that the company is coming and threatening to play. Trouble in paradise! The ladies are eager to settle down and come back to Solvang to film and interview Swedes, but one of the girls is not feeling well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering why Mrs. Keller (heartbreakingly interpreted by the pretty Lelia Goldoni) seems to have just lost her best friend. Talking about that ?? under the weather, Vicki undresses and enters a pretty hot tub, not realizing that Keller slipped into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears him, thinks he has come to deliver some linen and thanks her. Lassick did a great job in this scene by expressing the anguish of a big voyeur who was not long enough. After her departure, poor Vicki goes to bed to take a nap but gets out very quickly (in a decent and frightening action round) of something GROSS who has apparently sneaked through a grid on the ground ?? The invisible! Lamm returns then (Bach is finishing a dispute with his handsome) and finds no one in the house. She knocks a plate of fruit in the kitchen and, on all fours to pick her, her fashionable hair and scarf are swinging tempting on the black grid of the ground. to attract the invisible again! Well, around the time poor Lamm is calming down in the kitchen, we go back to Keller's past and tell the whole story of her sadistic, sick past and reasons why his wife does not smile a lot. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where are her friends. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed of the carnage in the afternoon by his wife in tears and decides that he can not let Bach leave the premises to reveal the secret of his house. He tries her in the basement where the last act of the tragedy of the Keller family finally opens to all of us. <br /> <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I had never seen before; it is obvious that he has done his homework for this role, by studying the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their own way, only give luster to the film. Not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid tricks, no dialogue, dialogue that rolls your eyes or difficult corners ... A real treat for your collection.
