It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, no particular attempt at twists or surprises and literally presenting all the clichés that genre has put forward over the years. decades, but that's not necessarily a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure yet intense 80's shock movie, which mainly benefits from a handful of brutal images and a perfectly brilliant cast. Beautiful and ambitious journalist Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small California town to shoot a documentary about the anniversary festival, but their hotel has forgotten to register their reservation. In search of a place to stay, the trio meets the museum's curator, who is overly friendly but suspicious, Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay in his mansion in the countryside. One by one, the girls find that Keller and her extremely introverted and submissive Victoria sister hide a dark, murderous secret inside their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as an inexpensive and ultimately perverse fusion of horror classics "Psycho" and "Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become known and imitated endlessly with these two films, such as family secrets twisted in the cellar, voyeurism, insane killers and a very unappetizing treatment of chickens. For all that, I do not consider these remarks as negative remarks, because "The Unseen" is a completely unpretentious and moderately disturbing thriller that clearly has never intended to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although the outcome of the plot is clear enough quickly enough, the director Steinmann tries to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil present in the "invisible" house as the title promised. The casting choices and acting performances are really what elevates this sleeper above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized since his role as Charley Cheswick, an overly anxious psychiatric patient, in "A flying over a cuckoo's nest" is really the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent kindness and almost naturally perverse appearance are exactly what the character needed. In addition, Stephen Furst, who goes from the invisible to the invisible, gives a great performance as a "Junior". He looks and behaves like an authentic handicapped man and his attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are truly annoying. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable, yet powerful, film from the early 80's that will surely appeal to 70s-run fans and generally bizarre content.
