Dolph Lundgren is back! The detention marks the Dolphs' first film for almost 2 years and follows the delayed hidden program. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph compared to his low-cost trilogy of Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this movie is well below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in almost every respect. This film has in its favor Dolph's previous release, it's a cheesy feeling of fun. The film also found Dolph in an action role, and it's good to see Dolph redo his own stunts. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is ridiculous and constitutes an excellent film B. A former soldier is now a teacher and, on his last day of teaching, while taking a course on detention, he meets Slovak villains who have taken control of the school to cover a big drug case. The film has no originality, but in a movie of this type, you have to have fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the public will find little to appreciate. Fortunately, filmmakers do not take things seriously and, with all the action shots you can think of and their predictability, this movie has such a bad effect that it's nice to vibrate. <br /> <br /> Where the film is left down, it's miss using a pretty decent budget. The budget of about 10 million euros was not well spent. Everything is on the screen with a lot of carnage and big explosions, but a lot of shootings lack imagination. The opening action is acceptable, but the good times become more sparse. There are good times. You have a car in the halls of the school, for example, and a decent shootout at the beginning, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shootings are quite mechanical, but there are many on the screen. <br /> <br /> Regarding the casting. Hidden Agenda touted the best cast Dolph has worked with for ages. There was a good level of actors for a digital TV movie. This, however, has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the main villain has some kind of nice cheesiness because Alex Karsis plays him so much above and without the slightest threat that you can laugh at the pure curse. The teens in the room are good, but they play such characters. They all hate authority, they all have a bad attitude and of course, in the end, they learn important life lessons, but in general they are decent and Chris Collins in particular has comparable sympathy. This movie is all about Dolph though. Although this film is far from its best, it is far from being its worst. It also marks a turning point in his career. He is now back in shape and will be even more so in his next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, he makes his own stunts and it's good to see him play the typical role of a man of action (fleeing slow-motion explosions, lining and manipulating big guns) in a movie like his elders, though with less talent and imagination than cliche movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph look energetic. In his films of the last 8 years or so, Dolph looks a little more tired and uses a lot of the double (he's still fighting himself), but the new, simplified Dolph seems to support him. <br /> <br /> Overall, this only applies to the cheese value and for Dolph in main action mode. There is not a single surprise, but its charm is ridiculously inept. **
