I think it's a very entertaining action movie, with cool characters, lots of action, and an incredible performance by Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is awful as a villain! The story is very good and I found the kids quite nice. Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing! The action scenes are excellent, and it's like being in Die Hard, except it's in a school !, More Kata Dobó is very menacing and sexy as a teammate! The final is very exciting, and there are also some nice moments of emotion! However, I just wish there was another villain, because Alex Karzis just did not describe it as a bad way too OTT, and laughable for my taste. It should be over 4.1 in my opinion, because I thought it was an excellent action movie, and even though the kids were sometimes very stupid, they had a lot of resources as they went. progress of the film! ! The ending is very funny and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student! And Dolph always has it !! I think it's a very entertaining action movie, with cool characters, lots of action and an amazing Lundgren! Performance, but Alex Karzis is horrible like the bad guy, but I highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a great job here with great camera work, good angles and a very fast film! There is a little blood and violence. We receive a lot of extremely bloody gunshot wounds, a knife in the side of the head, bloody arrow shots, impaling and other minor items. The game is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is incredible as always, and he is great here, he is extremely friendly, he loves this ass as usual, he has excellent chemistry with children, he has a great character, he is very charismatic and he does not may not have shown great emotional rage, he was always very entertaining to watch !, he is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is awful as a villain, he is ridiculously OTT, was boring and not threatening at all, he also annoyed me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as a side kick and played well with what she had to do, she was the real bad guy in my opinion! Corey Sevier is funny like Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started to warm him up in the 2nd half, I liked him a lot !, He had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia) and Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all have excellent students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is doing well as a fiancée. the rest of the distribution is fine. Overall, I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
