Jeopardy is a tense and satisfying thriller, a cut above a B, but not really a major production. It's almost an experimental film, because the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperate for new types of movies, stars, and filmmakers to compete with new TV support. The director, John Sturges, was a promising young man whose best years were yet to come. He had just started making A-level movies and had already proved to be an extremely talented craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were at very different stages of their careers. Stanwyck's glory years were behind her, and yet she could still make a film, as she proves it here. Barry Sullivan, as a husband, was one of twelve personalities who made their film debut in the forties and never achieved the success that many expected of him. He was a good, discreet, laid-back actor, but in a higher middle class rather than a higher class, which made him excellent in professional roles. As an escaped convict, the only one able to save Sullivan's life (he's stuck under a jetty and the tide goes up), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the misfortune to come to the movies after Brando and Clift. He was in his path as good actor as either, but he lacked charisma. Her negotiations with Stanwyck, which results in a demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (implicitly only, since we are in 1953), give rise to an intriguing premise that, if it were a different film, could interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him, Stanwyck is more lively than she is with her husband and son. But as it is a formula, not a Strindberg play, the possibility that Stanwyck wants to have an adventure, leaving aside the question of the difficult situation of her husband, remains unexplored. In this sense, the rising tide does not produce the desired effect, even if the film remains tense and very entertaining thanks to its excellent acting, the quality of its shooting, almost all of its exterior and in the excellent direction of Mr. Sturges
