This is a very good little film, unique and creative, with great twists and great performances! All the characters are great and the story, while weird, is fascinating and very interesting, and Nicole Kidman is just amazing! It's very difficult to describe this film, because it's really weird, it's a comedy / romance, one minute then it becomes a thriller the next, but it was still a lot of fun, but the Russian accent Nicole was fantastic, and extremely convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had great chemistry together, and I loved Vincent Cassel! 'S performance, plus some plot twists really took me by surprise! The end was very cute, and it is unpredictable overall, plus this film is also underestimated! You'll feel sorry for Chaplin and the way he's being scammed, and I thought all the characters were really nice, and that the finale is particularly nice. It's Nicole's movie, and she wears it with her incredibly sexy performance! It's a great little movie, very unique and creative, with some twists and amazing performances !, I highly recommend it to this one! The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth is doing a really good job here, with great camera work, solid angles, and a fast paced movie. The game is beautiful! Nicole Kidman is incredibly beautiful!, And as always, she is incredibly sexy, very friendly, has one of the coolest accents, an increased presence, a very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and a very mysterious character! she was amazing. (Kidman rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he's extremely friendly, had a cool character, was very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I did not like was that he got rid of his anger against Kidman, even though she was wrong, I loved how he took revenge in the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and quite scary at times, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is fine here, but did not have much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall, I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
