I highly recommend this movie! And I will personally recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It is with enthusiastic anticipation that I just pre-order it online, I loved it so much! It's not until February / March 2008, but it'll be worth the wait! But if you can, go see him at the movies. Nothing like the cinema experience of a movie made by a cinema! Insist that your local cinema put it on! I went to see "Seachd, the inaccessible pinnacle" tonight here in London, and I was really impressed. It's a marvel: a beautiful film taking place in the Scottish Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be transported in different ways, you will be intrigued and, over the revelation of history, you will be amazed by this revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not be discouraged if you're not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just starting and my son does not, Neither a lot of people there tonight, and that did not spoil it by any means! Superlatives are not enough! The photography is superb - there is no CGI here, and the film is all the better - there you have the real photography! The script is so skillfully and subtly written. The multi-level intrigue weaves the magical art of the old storytellers. The music is sometimes catchy, sometimes haunting, but always adds to the atmospheric mood. And the acting game? ... it's to see ... and the actors? ... they are the true weavers of this film both charming and profound, especially the two main actors, "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (A true bard, if ever there is had!), both of which carried a very heavy load! And the direction? Attention, Richard! And the producer, responsible for raising funds, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? A job well done! I hope you will ensure that this distribution will be distributed in our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you it could not have happened! We were told that this film was made on a small budget, but you would not know it, and I think it may be because, for what might have been short of money, they were more than compensated with the wealth of the heart. and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> Many thanks to all those involved in the development and sponsorship of "Seachd" - Mòran taing! (Thank you very much!) Gaels in the world! From the world to the Gaels!
