An incredible documentary captured all the frantic chaos and misery that threatened New York on that fateful morning of September 11th. Intense, personal and fascinating, the 9/11 is perhaps the biggest documentary ever made by accident, which makes it even more attractive. Until this morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet were following a team of New York firefighters, focusing specifically on a new recruit in a small film they were shooting on the rigorous training to become a firefighter. That morning, with his crew filming another simple routine cleanup, Jules lifts his camera to the sky just in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane to hit the World Trade Center, and there a simple documentary more. <br /> <br /> Viewers get a first-hand account of what life was like in and around Ground Zero, as the astonishing group of firefighters and a deeply confused cameraman try to cope with this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these heroes automatically programmed in the tower while all its support crumbles around them. The raw fear of an imminent, unknown and imminent destiny hides with more viability than any fictional production could ever understand as we watch less and less become audible and visible to those stuck inside. It is almost as memorable that the older brother Gideon captured frankly a whole city invaded by a greater and more palpable fear than anything they had witnessed collectively. By the time the second tower collapses, while the cameraman is protecting himself from the apocalyptic debris, we should all but rinse the earth with surprisingly close images captured. <br /> <br /> Filmmakers deserve as much merit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although we can only admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event ; in desperate minutes, we see them becoming like firefighters they document, but instead of saving lives, they knew they had to record a sequence, even if it cost them their own safety. <br /> <br /> After viewing 9/11 and, as this book came out in 2002, I feel much more resentful about the recent release of Oliver Stone, the World Trade Center at imposing budget. Many had criticized the film for focusing ignorantly on these two survivors trapped in the rubble. Although I like the film for the small Hollywood home it brought, the 9/11 makes it completely obsolete. Not only will this arresting footage remain the only definitive collection of that day, but the sublime transfer of half-length motifs ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to never again sensationalize the event. .
