To summarize this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber in your body tells you that it does not happen from the first quick-shot footage to the last cleanup of Ground Zero, but every image is real. The story was imagined by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28 years old) and Gideon (31 years old) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary about the firefighters of New York City, starting with a "beginner" of the academy, and follow him all at along the nine-month probationary period. firefighter in its own right. Seeking the help of their close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and firefighter at Station 1, Engine 7, the Naudets are sifting through the academy's "Probies" and finding one, Tony Benetakos , to concentrate the essence of their documentary. sure. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the target of jokes and slowly learns the inner workings of life at the station through the members of this very united family. Firefighters have a superstition about "Probies". This is called "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that with the latter, all types of fires follow the "Probie". The first means that fire activity is very low, but one day there will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud". After some growing pains, Tony moved into the fire station as if he were a veteran veterinarian. Then the unthinkable happens .... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a blue sky and an early morning phone call to learn about an alleged gas leak near Wall Street. Since Jules has little experience in shooting, Gideon hands a camera to his younger brother and tells him to ride with the leader, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving at around 8:42, firefighters start using their gas detectors over a grid. Then, the sudden roar of what appears to be a low-flying plane tears the scene and as Jules climbs to the pan, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 crashes into the north tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men to get into the fire truck and head to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the chief in the tower. Pfeiffer told Naudet to stay near him. Once inside, the consequences of the growing disaster begin to be felt on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire station and head for the impact zone. Once there, he captures the impact of the second plane, Flight 175 of United Airlines, with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is with Chief Pfeiffer inside the towers. By watching and capturing the crowd's reaction to the unimaginable, Gideon begins capturing on tape the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. In the first round, Jules records the last view of the world, where loved ones will have their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, boyfriends, friends, one by one, each firefighter carrying a 60-pound kit starting a long and painful ascent. 80 floors to save the wounded and trapped. Jules also sees the last glimpse that Chief Pfeiffer will have of his brother, Kevin, as he leaves to do his disinterested duty. The video also shows the stifling sound of falling bodies, hitting the roadway of victims who choose to jump higher floors above the impact zones, sooner than death in the hands of flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, he never captured a sensational moment ... the shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. He also sees debris falling from the second tower after being hit by the second aircraft and the orderly way firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the collapse of the south tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the fire department. Then, as Jules and Chief Pfeiffer separate from the fallout from the collapse of Tower 2, Tower 1 begins to collapse. <br /> <br /> The result is a vivid and poignant view of Ground Zero as Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if one or the other is alive, everyone fearing the worst. When each firefighter arrives at the barracks, he greets with joy in his arms for bringing him back. And in a moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon are reunited. As Jules cries over his brother's shoulder, Gideon kisses his younger brother as Hanlon makes the subject. There is a scary moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former boss, would have been lost ... but returns to the fold, this "Probie" has proven itself. <br /> <br /> with only three interruptions, September 11 is a remarkable achievement in the making of documentaries. It is classified among the Hindenburg images that show the story as it unfolds. The Naudets must be congratulated for their clever handling of the subject. In less important hands, the trend would be sensational, but the Naudet tempered their eyes towards dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we have the feeling of his words as he guides the audience through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro livens up the show in a dark and moderate way. He never looks for the camera for his own glory, but rather the scenes you will see. I also congratulate CBS for their courage in broadcasting this special show. Driven for their attempt to obtain notes, they moderate their work according to the emotions of the relatives of those who perished. It is a must for anyone who needs to remember what true heroism is. It's not about dribbling a basketball or selling an album of hateful lyrics ... September 11th is about humanity at its best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
