Super-fluid entertainment with a remarkable distribution, an exceptional scenario and a solid grip on the 1950s. At the time, RKO was producing dozens of classic blacks. But whatever the value of these dark shadows, they reflected an atmosphere of war that would soon give way to the sunniest climates of the Eisenhower era. Few films from the late 40's are further away from this black cycle or more sensitive to the consumer's next decade than this silly little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad-man on Madison Ave. . Where, in the words of his little girl, he sells things to people that they do not need, at prices they can not afford. He makes a good living, but like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a small urban "cavern". So, with their wife Myrnah Loy, they go looking for the house of their dreams in the wilderness of the Connecticutt countryside. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than they expected and hilariously. <br /> <br /> There is virtually no lifeless line in the script. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank had an Oscar, but they should have done it. Of course, the humor revolves around all the problems that arise when the townspeople build a big house on a rural ground. Trouble accumulates almost as fast as the mortgage, all eccentric types running the show of construction and giving Grant a hard time. Of course, no one gets more annoyance and frustration with more humor than Grant, so it's a well-placed laugh, a well-placed laugh, especially when the locked closet seems to have an infernal spirit. Yet, curiously, the film does not seem to have a very comic moment. Instead, the laughter is spaced so expertly that it does not peak at some point. It's a real cinematic triumph for all times. <br /> <br /> If we go back 60 years later, we can see how cleverly the story ideas are turned to the future rather than behind. With their resident housekeeper, the Blanding may not be a typical American family, but the post-war migration from the narrow cities to the spacious suburbs was typical. And what more suggestive work for future consumerism than Blandings as an "ad-man" tasked with finding more catchy ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there is the sunny optimism of the film. Of course, the feeling sometimes weakens, but the conviction that a better future would appear on the horizon if the Blanding remained faithful to their dream wins. Indeed, life would improve for many people during the imminent wave. I therefore expect the film to have a profound impact on the audience of the time. It is this easily recognizable subtext, associated with the value of entertainment, that makes this film a key statement in post-war comedy. <br /> <br /> So if you have not seen it, listen to it. the next time.
