Along with the baby boom, the years following the Second World War were marked by an unprecedented exodus of Americans leaving their urban apartments and settling in the suburbs, where they could realize their dreams of owning their own homes. House. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this light yet surprisingly catchy comedy from 1948 captures the feeling of this period very well. Of course, it is useful to have a trio of prank experts ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and Melvyn Douglas particularly acerbic ?? lead the debates with their natural likelihood, in contradiction with the growing frustrations of homeownership. Even if the film is sixty years old now, the Blanding's dream and the obstacles they face to obtain it are of a timeless quality. Of course, Hollywood has been thinking about it since it was redone at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, "The Money Pit" of 1986, and again last year with "Are We Done" yet? " From Ice Cube. A glance at HGTV's programming will show you how the situations explored here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with teenager Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two cramped daughters in a two-bedroom bath. Manhattan Apartment. Rather than pursuing Muriel's plan to renovate the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes it's the place to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and family friend, Bill Cole, the Blands decide to buy a dilapidated house that badly needs repair. However, the foundations are sinking so badly that it is necessary to demolish the house in favor of a new one. This encourages the Blandings to push the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice as large as the first. The costs increase with each new complication, the spirits kiss, and even a romantic triangle is imagined between Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities eventually settle themselves, but not before some crazy scenes and an intelligent dialogue that corrects the ignorance of the ignorance of the new owners. <br /> <br /> With his double taps and his impeccable line, Grant is infallible this type of joke and Jim Blandings embody his most domestic characters mid-career. In a role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the ideal woman in Hollywood. She does not understand many of the funniest lines, but she combines her special blend of pleasure and saucer to make Muriel an attractive character on her own. Watch her skillfully maneuver this pleasing house painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette. As a bill avuncular, smoker ("Cole" Bill Cole "), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural and easy-going momentum like Grant's flagship. Harry Shannon, Mr. Tesander, laconic well digger, Lurene Tuttle, Mary, Jim's unofficial assistant, and Louise Beavers, Gussie, Bland's charming wife, play small roles. The 2004 DVD contains intriguing vintage material, including two radio versions of the film - the first, a 1949 version, eventually linking Grant and Dunne, and a second 1950 version of Grant's wife, actress Betsy Drake. The most appropriate comic strip of 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", is also included to present a comic tour of a futuristic dream house. The original trailers of ten classic Grant movies complete the extras.
