Keko Mask (1993) from Japan's Tomo Akiyama is an extremely enjoyable trash movie and so much fun to watch! There are also a few suites, but I have not seen them since these films are so rare. A number of reissues someday would be nice, because I think many waste lovers would like these movies. The story of language in the cheek speaks of an extremely strict school in which teachers think it is acceptable to torture students to obtain discipline, which, according to teachers, is the most important thing in education. The school is directed by a funny look (just look at the costume!), A human wizard / whatever, who is like the principal of the school, and this only adds to the camper that he never explains why he wears such a suit since all the other teachers are perfectly dressed normally. Well, most of the film is her name, Keko Mask, a beautiful and masked fairy, who always comes to rescue girls and students who are abused and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superheroine is an effective woman, who fights and fights perverse teachers with a totally old-fashioned soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she is wearing nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of her naked body! His identity is never revealed in these films, and the credits also say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of actors are listed! <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing about this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a beautiful vagina, but deadly! Yes, you read correctly. She kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and letting the enemies sink into the sight, after which she flies away and grabs their necks with her legs! The last most usual line, according to the characters of the film, is the following: "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace". This movie is totally fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also great provocations towards Japanese society, for example its attitude towards sex in films (Japanese censorship optically haze all the pubic hair of any film) and some restrictions among the students (like girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this movie, etc.) There is a great scene in which a nerd sees the naked girl you-know-what for the first time and says, "Hey there is no fog there! " I could not help but laugh during this scene by reflecting on what the Japanese censors think. In addition, a character says at the end that he will come back, if Japan Films can do the following. I am happy that this is allowed because I have heard that the consequences are just as scandalous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, THESE NEEDS Blues!), Etc. <br /> <br /> This is a junk in its most pleasant, funniest and most intelligent form, so it's a pity that these movies are hard to find. It would definitely be an even more rewarding experience if the movement was a little faster sometimes, as it becomes somewhat boring at one point, but fortunately, these segments are very few. This film must be seen to be fully believed, because there are so many elements of the basket that I do not mention here and it would not even be necessary to say everything here. If you like trashy movies and movies shot with the tongue in your cheeks, I think you'll like this gem like mine, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! Maybe the only movie in which a brilliant vagina is deadly?
