I borrowed this film despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the team managed to animate the presence of several worlds. In fact, they did not do it - at least, it seems. Some appearances in the film are quite awkward in the film - that's it, that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes at the end, and unfortunately, while probably most viewers have already stopped this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film meant "Voyage into Death". It's THE spoiler. <br /> <br /> Whether this film is about a girl walking ALONE on this boat (for reasons that are not clear), you only understood these last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the appearances of strange characters are the "ghosts". But in reality, this film is not like most other horror movies told from the distant writer-observer point of view, which can at any time differentiate different levels of reality, as the perspective of the girl says. We do not see her alone, but with the four friends because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. Thus, the parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances that flash in the stream of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which the 4 friends are. The intrusion of a third world is probably the young man gifted in medicine who comes to spend some time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can not get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, filmmakers "cheated" an audience of several thousand people into believing that what they did is more or minus a second-year film student, made up of hastily "chosen" pseudo-actors who met the day before the shooting began to empty after at least twelve beers. As we can be wrong! But in addition to this big surprise that we learn only in the very last minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from her shock, she went back to the port square where she boarded with her four friends. And here they are again! They greet her from the boat that has already taken off. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are gone. Miraculously beautiful. It reminds me a bit of the end of a poem by a writer of Rhetoromance: When I woke up, I saw Death standing in front of my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them, he was gone.
