The British band Strange Fruit, both funky and strictly second class, broke up in the late 1970s. The 1970s were wildly excited by the wild'n'wacky. Individual members of the group separate and settle uncomfortably in a dull Middle Ages in the nineties dull and uneventful: the gloomy keyboardist Stephen Rea finds himself penniless and without luck, the main singer defeated, pretentious and pretentious Bill Nighy tries (and fails) The paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives in the dark on a remote farm to avoid paying a heavy debt, and the surly bassist Jimmy Nail installs roofs to make a living. The former groupie in love became patient and understanding, the director, who suffers for a long time, Juliet Aubrey, brings the group for a misguided visit, largely ineffective and hilarious and disastrous, a nostalgic tour of reunion in Europe twenty years later . Our adorable group of rags tries to play delicately but to rekindle a flame that once burned very hard during the day. Billy Connelly and the young beaten guitarist Hans Matheson, a daring and impatient guitarist, join them for their delightfully bumpy and troubled conduct, but always so rewarding and enjoyable. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows a highly infectious respect. Adoration for her two particularly loving and visionary characters in particular and for the sound of 70's rock in general, sounding and flamboyantly exaggerated, this soaked with affectionate glitch has an absolutely engaging sense of charm with big heart and indefatigable verve. The nifty and well-written script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is also bristling with a quick wit and moments of joyful delicacy on the road, delicately reflecting a certain sour and affectionate mood that gives the photo an irresistible glow. . The beautiful and elegant cinematography of Ashley Rowe guarantees that the film always has a visually stunning appearance, while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the job with a flair and straightness. We also want to thank the spectators for the breathtaking performances that hit the burned and torn soul, but continue to bang fiercely at the heart of the past of its shredded rock band desperately seeking to regain its formerly evanescent glory in an ultimate offers great success. All in all, this radiant and moving jewel is very much appreciated as one of the real somnambulists of the 90's.
