In the voice on which the film begins, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie of the 70s band Strange Fruit, said that lightning struck a rock festival to stop the filming of Strange Fruit was that God in was fed up with the excesses of the 70s. Indeed, it was popular to suppress this era of music and to consider punk as a welcome antidote. Although I agree that the excess was tiring (as well as the misogynist impulses that ensued), and like punk, I'm still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film about long and strange reunion of Strange Fruit. is a loving homage to this time. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons the film works is taking care of people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed on Tina Turner (while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was very well managed), the authors Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote THE COMMITMENTS and are behind the show OVER THE RAINBOW, music-oriented, and the songs played by Strange Fruit were co-written by Mick Jones of Foreigner (not to be confused with Mick Jones of The Clash), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. In addition, two members of the cast are full-fledged musicians (Bill Nye, whom I do not know, although the film credits him with his own singing.) He certainly looks like a singer of that era, while Jimmy Nail was another British film, a music-oriented TV show, even though I forgot his name and he was in EVITA) and the others are convincing. And although, as I said, many 70s bands like Strange Fruit have behaved badly to women, the movie does not make the same mistake (except for the woman following Timothy Spall); As the meeting manager, Juliet Aubrey is very good and plays a completely rounded character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, with special praise to Stephen Rea, who handles the more dramatic role without sentimentality. There are some points in the plot that do not work, but overall, it's pretty nice. Oh yes, and the music is good too.
