It might be a bit flawed to open a criticism by describing a film in terms of other films, but I think this is the best way to give a rough idea of ​​the place occupied by elections in the field of gangsters. It works somewhere between the yakuza opus The Godfather's Yakuza Papers and Kinji Fukasaku (AKA Battles with no honor and no humanity), in the sense that it is romantic, realistic and dark at the same time. But it is also a film by Johnnie To and, as such, it bears the distinct touch of the author of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> Every two years, the HK Triad elects a new boss. Only this time, one of the candidates is not very satisfied with the result, so he decides to take things in hand, much to the consternation of the rest of the Triads and the police. This is the story in a nutshell, but rest assured that it is worth more for that. As in The Yakuza Papers, there are a lot of shenanigans, misinterpretations and changes of allegiance (sometimes, just a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen recently) - inevitably for a deep drama, but in fact an interesting plot and a good conflict of character. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in this respect. The election is not as action-oriented as one might expect. although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glamorous and glamorous version of Hollywood violence. It's dark and sinister. Too's camera lingers in scenes of brutality that reveal both humanity and the inhumanity of perpetrators and victims. After all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you know the style of To, you must know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is excellent, smooth and dark in equal measure, using dark hues (brown, dark green and orange) while smooth tracking plans add vibrant quality to the scene. In the end, the election occupies a special place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. It explores a situation (the election and its consequences), but with style, and is both realistic and romantic (the Triad ceremonies, in particular, echo an Eastern godfather).
