It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well done and well thought film. The film uses many clever pieces of identification while playing with modernity while remaining faithful to the tradition. a theme played throughout the film Where John Woo's Hong Kong films are full of action and bursting with explosive content as we saw in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong films settle into rhythms that tell their point of view, they can sometimes stutter and become immutable, a good example being City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is a memorable film because of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that are realistically and tastefully (if that's the right word) as well as the clever little one "in pieces" of making films. It is difficult to spot during the viewing, but the election is really built in a kind of structure in three acts: there is the first concern about the election proper and the one that is voted is voted ?? Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is to recover the old stick from China, which tradition requires to be present at the inauguration, the last third after the inauguration and some characters offering their own ideas on how the Triads should and could be managed. It goes without saying; certain events and twists occur in each of the three-thirds, some are small and immaterial, while others are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The election has some flaws, the majority coming in the first third. Trying to save time around an election that only takes a few minutes was clearly a difficult task for writers and filmmakers, and it shows in many ways. I had the impression that a certain scene was just beginning to unfold somewhere before the police interrupted it and everyone was arrested. This happens several times: a fight breaks out in a restaurant but the police are present and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about the baton between the Triads but the police introduce themselves and everyone gets arrested; some triads have a pre-election conversation but the police introduce themselves and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> Once the film is out of this rut ​​I thought, he will use a sacred stick as a way of intrigue for everyone to move. The baton generates good fighting scenes, such as the pursuit of a truck after the bend, another pursuit involving a motorcycle and a kung fu fight with a load of melee weapons on a street? the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent but, as I said, they are "tasteful". Where elections are skyrocketing is the attention to these details. When the Triads are in prison, the bars are covered with barbed wire suggesting that they are all caged animals, because that is how they behave outside in case of conflict. Another great attention to detail is how uncles spread with tea instead of alcohol, rising above other gangsters who used champagne (Good Friday) and also referring to the Chinese tradition. to drink tea to celebrate or commemorate. The election is a good film structured enough to enjoy and a film with a fantastic staging while watching what happens. Some interior decorations and clothing as well as stylish buckets are falling as search and batting intensify. The inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated with the film; alluding to the Chinese tradition in the process. I think the best scene is the final scene because it sums it up perfectly: two shy characters fishing and debating the decision of the Triads while remaining realistic, unpredictable and violent: with taste, of course.
