When I think of the most chic guilty movies, the first thing I think about is the 1980s slasher movies. Really bad slasher movies. The type of film, where all the necessary scenario consisted of 2 parts of blood and several parts of nudity, was created. <br /> <br /> Flash in the late 90s and early 2000s. The slasher movie was revitalized with the success of "Scream" in 1996. As in the 80s, these films were formulas, masking a lack of inspiration by calling themselves "noisy parodies" original slasher movies. Among this recent mix of neo-slasher "parodic" movies, the only one not to be missed is the "Couper" directly on video, on a budget. <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" "Cut" relies on the production of a slasher film, in this case a fictional movie of 1985 "Hot Blooded", to comment on the genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished its production, because of the murder of someone wearing the mask of the film's killer, Scarman, a bald figure with quilted mouth and black eyes, without a pupil. Twelve years later, a group of film students, whose teacher was involved in the production, decided to go to the safes, call on the original surviving actress and finish the film. But every time the film is screened or a scene is shot, "Scarman" comes back and someone dies. To quote the slogan, will they finish the film before it ends? <br /> <br /> All this sounds really bad, and to some extent it's true (is there really a good slasher movie?). There is no character development (the "new" director turns out to be the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life would have been ruined after the cancellation of the production; integrate the plot, yet we never talk about it again) and, as in all other slasher movies, there is simply too much body to deal with. The actors are not great, even at the direct video standard, but most have fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it's a character game inadvertently, since none of their characters in the film wanted to work. "Hot Blooded"), especially the one who had the chance to play Scarman. The culmination of "Cut" is not great "who dunnit" unmasking the killer as in the movies "Scream". He does not have the gadget murders of "Urban Legend" movies. His concept is original and interesting and ends with an end "this way, we can write a sequel if it sells well". <br /> <br /> This is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre, and that's what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher films.
