Twelve years ago, the production of the slasher film "Hot Blooded" stopped since almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, some film students have decided to finish the film, despite the rumor that the film would be cursed. Well, they are about to discover that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, all countries seemed to want to take advantage of its success, even from Australia. The concept, which was put to death today (a slasher movie in a slasher movie) was at the time relatively cool and original. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (well, not in the US, but in Australia), so we thought we were in the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 came out, most of us were already tired of the concept and as the movie was not even good, the movie collapsed disastrously. Now, Cut is not the best slasher movie of all time, nor does it try to be. He knows it's a scam and they even chose a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some original twists to the story, they decided to archive some 80s slasher movies like "Nightmare on Elm Street" and this fact is amazing. The killer is very scary and this mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to scare the public, they have created a very good goose-like atmosphere that keeps us suspended throughout the movie. There are some holes in the plot in the movie although I could not ignore it completely, the end being the biggest hole in the plot of the film. Spoiler to come; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie so where on earth did they find the footprint they show in the final scene? It makes no sense, I tell you. End of the spoilers. Overall, Cut is a pretty slasher movie that tells a silly story, but I think it's one of Scream's best scams that has never made a difference. I'm surprised this one never had a follow-up, but I guess it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> The Australian slasher full of suspense with very few scares. Cut is still a pretty slasher movie and I will have to recommend it even if I think the story is pretty ridiculous because it's completely ridiculous.
