As with all of Angelopoulos's films, "Stork's Hanging Step" implicitly demands close and intimate participation by the viewer, which has certainly contributed to the low popularity of his work. The dialogues are spared, without monologues nor exchanges externalizing the conflicts, the doubts or the internal feelings of the characters. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional reactions and forces them to explore and study the characters' identities. As a result, the acting of actors is underestimated and implicit, as opposed to a manifest and explicit process. <br /> <br /> The scenes of action take place between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate an actor, by sounding his own psyche. As in a novel, where the drama rests entirely on the author's writing in order to provide a model in which the reader's imagination and / or the past flourish, Angelopoulos' drama resides in his images: his uses long shots, long shots, hobbies the savings dialogues that have become his trademark, inviting the viewer to experience the film from his personal point of view. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of great intensity and returns to the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds and music, when he believes that words can not lead us so far. <br /> <br /> The music, Eleni Karaindrou, Angelopoulos's longtime collaborator, provides more than just a discreet backdrop, but itself becomes a dramatic element of the story. Much of the film is made up of subtle, subtle exterior shots, recorded in a dim light of winter. Angelopoulos presents us with an "other Greece", very different from Greece from the tourist brochures, with a blue sky and an emerald sea drowned under an eternal sun. Here, the sky is overcast and gray, the air is cold and foggy and the sand of the pristine beaches has been replaced by the trampled and dirty snow of the village streets. The genius of Angelopoulos through the camera Arvanitis is present throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The suspended stage of the Stork" is above all a political declaration aimed at putting an end to the socio-political situation in the Balkans of the twentieth century. He is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, be they political or otherwise, excluded from the rest of humanity, are waiting. They may be stuck against a political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them and hang on to deeper ancestral boundaries: those of languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos' political views are well known, the film avoids any political discourse on the causes of the suffering of refugees. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographic, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth-century Greece and likes to bring lessons from Hellenic myths to his discussions. In this film, he crosses a border between Greek and Italian cultures, drawing inspiration from the Homeric and Dantesque tradition of Ulysses' journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, looking for a story about an aging Greek / Ulysses politician who has disappeared and is never heard of again. This politician, a brilliant orator, left unexpectedly and inexplicably the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career to live anonymously in one of the lowest refugee camps on the planet. He became a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander as a father / Ulysses figure. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grew up as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to see in the film a cover of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos relies on Ulysses' travels solely as structuring and thematic elements of his film. In the end of Angelopoulos, "Ulysses" is more like Ulysses of Dante: he does not leave for Ithaca but continues, "carrying a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between his return home and his career, or his trip to "elsewhere". He said this at the very beginning of the film in a voice-over, paraphrasing a few lines of Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that the time of the trip has come in. The wind is blowing away in your eyes." <br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, a Greek Orthodox religious theme was introduced during the film in the form of yellow-clothed line judges, who improve things for their children. similar by renewing communications, as well as the figure of the "politician" similar to that of Christ. In the final scene, these men in yellow once again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulos's work. They appear as "stylites", religious figures of the Orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent men who have chosen to live on top of pillars, in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without resolution. as to the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clue and the statement of his wife, "It's not him", is far from convincing and remains sufficiently ambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether he is the missing politician or not, but whether he could be the politician. But the film always ends on an optimistic note. While chained sons only run along the river and, therefore, cross-border communications are still not possible and it remains impenetrable, we note that this last scene is taken from a point of view of Another side of the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the inverted trajectory invites Alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the border. On this basis, Angelopoulos gives us hope that some borders will eventually collapse.
