One of the most enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or almost everything that happens outside of the United States more beautiful than these) is the permutation that occurs. In the Second World War, Japanese manga (comics), for example, constitute a veritable infinite variety of subjects, many of which are treated imaginatively. The same thing also happens in the making of genre films; although, again, I am referring to films made outside of the United States. (where we are too "sophisticated" in our proximity to appreciate all that is not about or by the United States). Would an American company, for example, not support a series of films featuring a masked professional wrestler (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee). .? As for television: forget that. Although I still love the KUNG FU series starring the late David Carradine, I always thought that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was - how to say it nicely - a little absent. To date, there has not been a pay-per-view channel featuring Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are a lot of soft porn masquerading as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, has not yet imported any True Martial Arts TV series.) Before Brother Cadfile Investigates on murders perpetrated at the BBC, there was at least one Kung Fu movie starring a group of martial artists more or less involved in a mystery murder: THE 5 DEADLY VENOMS. As fascinating as any other crime fiction (western genre, cop show, etc.), this masterpiece of martial arts stands out as a work of superior quality. It is now available at Dragon Dynasty and the print is gorgeous and Bey Logan's DVD commentary is EXACTLY the kind of clever and thoughtful analysis that these gems really deserve. If you're a fan of martial arts, rejoice: one of the greatest film genres of all time (especially martial arts movies of the 1970s and early 1980s) is starting to have a second life long awaited (and a second look greatly appreciated). on DVD.
