In the late forties, the era of comedy vis-a-vis was over, movies moving in a different direction, comic or otherwise. With television looming on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be in a very difficult period. One wonders where the films would have been if the television had not been broadcast or if its arrival on the scene had been delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream house offers a special way of developing comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings, a businessman, lives with his wife and two daughters in a beautiful apartment in New York. One day, he had the brilliant idea that it would be fun to realize his dream of building a house in the suburbs. He buys a property in Connecticut and has one built according to his specifications. Well almost. If he had known what the problem was, he might have changed his mind. Again, he might not have. You decide. The result is a wonderful film, full of conflict between the middle-class dream of owning one's own home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring it. Nothing comes easily in this life, learns Mr. Blandings; but it is not necessary to be miserable simply because things do not always go in the same direction. There is, after all, the long term. But Blandings wonders every few minutes, how long does it take? <br /> <br /> This film is a delight. It's not, I guess, a masterpiece of the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it's a worthy successor to their thirty-something images and could be a harbinger of what would happen if television had not changed the cultural landscape so radically. . There is a real warmth in the image, and a good deal of the reality (W.C.) Fieldsian is hard-congested periodically, but not enough to leave a bad taste. The characters in the film are all very intelligent and fortunate, but resolutely of the higher professional level, not of the rich and idle upper class. <br /> <br /> Lead actors Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings to perfection. ; while Melvyn Douglas agrees well as their pragmatic lawyer friend, who often has to tackle unpleasant topics, such as the functioning of the real world. There is also a wonderful idea that, for lack of a better term, we could call the suburban novel, which was in its infancy in the post-war years, when we see the woods and streams that drew the country's inhabitants to the countryside. first place. These people undoubtedly fish out of the water in Connecticut, which was then still largely rural. In a few years, things would change, as the mad rush to the suburbs would be on the move, forever destroying the long-awaited pastoral innocence in the small towns, which would soon be connected by highways, littered with bottles and cans. fragrances rivaling all that one might encounter in the city.
