"In the world of old kung-fu movies, where revenge pictures came a penny a dozen, it took a lot of things for a movie to stand out - and even more to make it a fan favorite after all those years What's questionable Chang Cheh's best film continues to influence Hong Kong's film industry, from the themes of loyalty, fraternity and revenge explored by John Woo (who debuted in Hong Kong film industry within Chang) at the time of the heroic effervescence By the late 1980s, more modern films like A Man Called Hero, which features a character in costume inspired by this film, also influenced other areas, like music, like the Wu-Tang clan, Sprite and video games like "Mortal Kombat." What makes this film so special? The plot - on the surface - is pretty These are members of a rogue group known as the name "Poison Clan" looking for a treasure hidden by their sifu. All the members of the world have extraordinary abilities of kung fu, denoted by their animal styles or "venoms" (the lizard can climb the walls, the scorpion has a mortal strike, etc.). The problem is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes almost a thriller thriller. We're not talking about The Usual Suspects here, but it's way above many other kung fu movies of the day. Similarly, Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's screenplay - like most of his films, they thought it was too dark and violent - and they actually wanted him to add a great comic relief. Fortunately, Chang stood firm and stayed in his original screenplay, which has since become one of the best films for his era, if not ever, completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the spine. perfect for the extraordinary action sequences. <br /> <br /> But what really solidifies the film are the venoms themselves. Chang Cheh found a magic formula in the cast: not only did he win talented martial artists (whose movements, riveted without the help of wires or other special effects, shame most modern martial artists) but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more venoms from his latest movies. To return to reality, in most old-fashioned films, the actors seem to play cardboard cutouts, but here the actors create characters. It seems everyone has their favorite venom (mine is Philip Kwok - better known as Hard-Boiled's Mad Dog - as Lizard) and it's this personal connection to the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generates true If you're not usually a fan of old-school movies, you need to take a look at The Five Deadly Venoms, if only to see where modern movies take their inspiration . "
