Among all the kung-fu films made in the 70s and 80s, it is the one who has developed a cult. With the exception of all the films Bruce Lee has played, this is a film that has stood the test of time and its unique story. A former kung-fu teacher told his last student, Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang), about five students he had trained before. The five men wore masks and no one saw everyone's faces and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted as lizard, snake, centipede, toad and scorpion. The master called them the Poison clan and he does not know what happened to them. He therefore wants Tieh to find them and help those who do good to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the Poison clan has a map where he has hidden a lot of money and he seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so he has to mingle with society and try to find out who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake was Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and, with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), who is the Centipede, they killed a family to find the map. A mysterious man who turns out to be the Scorpion has found a map, but who knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders with his partner Ma Chow (Dog Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the toad and they know each other's identity. The snake bribes local officials to associate the murders with Li Ho and while he is in prison he is tortured and killed. When Sin discovers it, he teams up with Tieh and together they will fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang, a very particular director for these films. Chang was not your director of kung-fu, and his films always had a special quality. Although most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use it as a central theme. Even if there is a revenge later in this story, this movie is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. Then they are all in the same area and do not know who the other is. A unique story makes this movie different from all the others and most Changs stories were in a class of their own. I would not put it exactly in the same category as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a global icon and the martial arts he exhibited had a more authentic look. This film still has some impossible achievements, such as hanging on the walls and everything that goes around in the air, but this film does not necessarily speak of battle scenes. Its more about the plot of the story and the characters that are involved. That alone makes it different from all other kung fu movies. Very well done with a unique story.
