It's certainly one of the best kung-fu movies of all time, and maybe one of the best movies of all time ... It has a great plot that works like a puzzle, with a lot of intrigue and suspense. This film is full of games and disappointments related to the cat and the mouse, people hiding their identity and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average kung fu movie characters. They are all interesting and captivating and the film provides them with scenes showing their desires and their personality. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes unfold like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting. He has training sequences and martial arts skills so impressive that he enters the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan, each with their own style that mimics the particular skill of a poisonous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the workouts applied during the film ... When this happens, the director uses quick shortcuts to the training scene for draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects, and all of this works really well. <br /> <br /> The originality of this film is its way of dealing with death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film does not trivialize death. This makes some scenes of the movie much more effective. We actually care when people are killed in this movie. Indeed, the camera dwells on the horror of death, even when the bad guys are killed. Some sequences of this film are really heartbreaking. When the characters go in search of revenge, they really feel their anger and their pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it's also a fun movie. It contains all the typical features of a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad dub, the characters are ready to fight in a jiffy. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all that adds to the greatness of the movie. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more talented than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this film closely, you will notice that the technical prowess presented are virtuoso. Everything happens so fast (because of the fast cut style and fast movements of the kind of the camera) that it is easy to miss the beauty of the film. The lighting and the composition are sometimes spectacular. The work and movements of the camera are extremely sophisticated, as well as very interesting fast-paced editing ... In scenes depicting suspense and intrigue, imagine Hitchcock moving twice as fast. Chang Cheh was really a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce an important material while working within its limits. It does not make a splash in the kung-fu genre movie, but in a subtle way, its skills permeate every scene and every shot and add immensely to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> It's the real package A kung-fu movie that keeps its promises at every level. It's art, it's junk food, it's moving, and it's fun, it has a real sense of morality, but it does not allow this morality to harm the realization of good actions. I recommend it to everyone, whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
