When it came out, this work by the Meysels brothers was widely criticized and even described as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary film, especially now that the company has been exposed to a real exploitation of what is reality TV and the bad evolution of most direct cinemas. <br /> <br /> Really, at first, it must be said that it is not really direct cinema, it is more of the cinéma vérité. The difference between the two is very small, but it is especially the fact that in this documentary, we feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and that they interact with the characters filmed. It also makes it clear that this is not exploitation. The Meysels were allowed in the house and are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. And Edith and Edie love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing to have shown a narration to the voice of God and superficial interviews. Here we have a complete portrait of the madness of the house, a madness that seems to fall well with Edie and his mother Edith. Their house is a mess, trash and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture all over the house and constant fights that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived all their lives with each other and do not fight in front of the camera because they want to attract attention, but rather because they can not help but talk to each other this way . They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need for them. In the end, even if they accuse each other of life, they love each other deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she likes him a lot, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, regardless of their age, the two women can not help but be girls. They can not help but be one of the singers, the other the dancer. Exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera. When Edie asks David Meysels rhetorically, "Where have you been all my life?" she is really happy to finally have the opportunity to show the world herself and her wonderful showgirl talents. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that it is very unlikely to find, as only the Meysels and some could do.
