"Cypher" is a cleverly crafted story about industrial espionage taking place in America in the not-too-distant future. Although thematically not complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, cruelty and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also tries to portray modern groups and companies as indifferent to the risks their contractors take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a mediocre salary, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who asks the Digicorp group to work as an undercover agent. After an initial briefing with Digicorp's chief of security, Sullivan is assigned a new identity (Jack Thursby) and is sent to a professional conference to record speeches from various spokespeople regarding marketing strategies. of each of their companies. Once his first mission is successfully completed, Sullivan / Thursby is sent on an additional mission to obtain the same type of information as previously gathered. However, during one of his "business trips", he inadvertently meets a woman named Rita Foster (Liu) whom he met during his previous mission. From there, things turn extremely low. The consequences of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicorp's spying program are beginning to emerge and Sullivan is forced to hide behind one of Digicorp's main competitors, becoming a double agent involved in an intense rivalry between the two. companies. <br /> <br /> (((SPOILERS END HERE))) <br /> <br /> What I liked the most about this film is the effective use of light and shadows in many scenes. Bright lighting was used mainly in domestic / domestic environments, while many shadows and dark colors were used for environments involving deception and concealment. I was also very impressed by Jeremy Northam. I have not seen him play the main role and the fact that he plays a disenchanted married man straight out of Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think it's one of the many underutilized players in the industry who have not been assigned more difficult roles. Lucy Liu was also amazing in her part and gave the movie her true cloak and dagger tone. In addition, the rest of the cast did a great job, however, my only complaint is that some characters could have been explored further to complicate the intrigue and closing. For example, I would have liked to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". All in all, this is a story of coats and daggers cleverly crafted that allows you to guess the personal and professional loyalties to the end and know if you can trust the entire film. With an intelligent and elegant soundtrack and terrific camera work, this movie offers a frightening look at how businesses might work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never looked at this "hidden gem" before. It's a brilliant spy thriller, not too complicated, so I give it a 9 out of 10.
