It's a good thing that Sean Connery has retired as a James Bond, because I'm sure he would not be able to keep up with the evolution of the current spy industry, where fast cars have been replaced by state-of-the-art brainwashing techniques in which women are considered superb. be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a fairly inventive sci-fi thriller that often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia despite its improbability. You know the trend in these types of movies: nothing is as it seems and just when you think you understand the complicated plot, the writers make sure to insert a new twist that baffles everybody again. The events of "Cypher" would supposedly take place in the most prominent areas of the computer world, where big companies do not do much except try to steal the thunder. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and gives them a new identity, just to let them infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, the Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to unmask the Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Morgan Sullivan stands between these unprofitable cases. thirty apparently colorless employees who were chosen by Sebastian Rooks (über-spy) to study the secret policies of TWO companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds and the director Vincenzo Natali (the guy from "Tube") takes his time carefully to introduce all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is rather reminiscent of John Frankenheimer's underrated jewel "Seconds" ?? with Rock Hudson ?? because it is also about erasing identities and radically altering your old lifestyle. Even the sets seem to come straight out of the 60s movie, with tons of empty clean rooms and strange corridors that seem to be endless. There is also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan soberly discovers how the Digisoft team inspects the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The central part of the film hangs out a bit, mainly because you already realize that everything is turning into several misleading intrigues, and I was hoping for a slightly darker portrait of this not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly cast and the adorable Lucy Liu is convincing to become mysterious as a sensible woman who seems to be on his side. Choice of Regular Director David Hewlett plays the most memorable support role as a strangely eccentric engineer, Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and adrenaline invades sci-fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who like to use their brains fully from time to time.
