Cypher is a smart, effective and disturbing movie that keeps its promises. Its good premise is well presented and its content is delivered efficiently but also in the sense required by the genre. Although we can immediately qualify the film as science fiction, there is still a little more. It has obvious sci-fi features, but the movie is more like a black-detective sensation than anything that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, as a whole, behaves like a kind of nightmare; thus building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what exactly is going on, we never know why certain things are happening and we are not quite sure of some people, as if we were dreaming ?? ambiguity reigns over all of us ?? Hero included, and I've never seen it happen in a movie before, except for Terry Gilliam's Brazilian. Cypher comes with the elements of horror, detective, black and sci-fi, giving the impression that there is something for all tastes and integrates the elements. <br /> <br /> There is also a sense of espionage in the film that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery that surrounds almost everyone is disturbing to say the least, and I think the fact that the character Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to look like a femme fatale, can be perceived as less of a threat than anything what is happening around the hero: people who appear as friends are not, those who say help help actually use and those who seem quite innocuous are actually more deadly than they seem. Despite many changes, we have changed the plot several times and followed orders given to give the impression that the world will end if nothing is done; the only thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic connection with the character of Lucy Liu ?? and she is trying to lend a hand (!) The film maintains the feeling of both sides to fight in a war of espionage, espionage and keep one on its employees and opponents. Everything is happening like a kind of mini-cold war; Something that resembles the United States and the United States in their war of words, raging at the time, and that really holds through the dark, dark and often cluttered CGI screen to which I was stuck. <br /> <br /> What was also rather interesting and represented a nice editing, it is the tip of travel of some US states resembling microchips while our hero flew to and from its declared destinations ?? It is significant to see how much more he acts on his own motivation and that of Foster, this sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computerized, repetitive and controlled life he is told to live and diversifies. <br /> Cyhper is very coherent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it looks like Jason Bourne's first film, which takes place only in the genre of science fiction, does not reduce it enough, but you can see the similarities; despite their release both the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is something in this movie that suits everyone and if you can look beyond the rather disappointing end that few people can predict with success, you will find yourself enjoying this film.
