This sci-fi film financed by Filmfour is really a must see. Although it takes a huge influence on behalf of the Manchu candidate and offers nothing new or original in the wise plot; He is treated with great skill: it turns out to be fresh and inventive, while it is essentially a re-execution of a previous film. It's good to know that movies like this one are still being shot (even if they do not get big movies), and Cypher is refreshing for that reason. The plot goes round and round, which gives it an element of paranoia and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of its seat while trying to understand the meaning of Cypher's mystery. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; A bored suburban man who decides to take a job at Digicorp hears him listen to speeches from several rival companies and record them for reasons unknown to him. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young woman known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film presents several bright white backgrounds that give it a very surreal aspect and blend well into his apocalyptic imagery. from the future. This gives the film a very strange appearance that distinguishes it from most other films of the same type, its close affiliate being really A Kubrick's Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very effective and leaves aside the development of character in favor of a more elegant and exciting development. You never really know where you are with the plot, which makes it even more intriguing. The cast of actors is largely good with a largely unknown cast that supports the team of stars; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam looks much at the part of the calm and discouraged man at the center of the story, and does his job well. Lucy Lui is an actress whose resume does not quite match her talent, but she has a look that fits perfectly to this film. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect, some sequences are illogical and sometimes it can be inconsistent; but overall, if you want a recent and inventive science fiction movie; Cypher is the way to go.
