It's a super-imaginative, low-budget science-fiction film by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film unfolds like a Phillip K Dick cross with Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes on a unique sensation like no other. The film is beautifully shot, I love the cinematography because it is fresh and original. Plot-Wise, the film explores themes similar to those of movies like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix and its pretty sci-fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban resident who is tired of his life and decided to work as a corporate spy for Digicorp, a large technology company. He meets an early recruiter who brings Sullivan on board and tells him what to do. This essentially involves going to conferences of competing companies and recording them via a satellite transmission device disguised as a pen. It also means that he has to adopt a different character and keep it secret for his wife. After his first job, things get strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ and he suffers from neck pain, headaches and nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu, a fascinating actress) to whom he is instantly interested. However, when he shows up for his next job and sees her again, she turns out to be some kind of agent who reveals that her job is not quite what it seems. He later discovers that he and the rest of the people attending the conference are all working for Digicorp. The lectures are all blankets to allow the men in the company to wash the brains of their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, received an antidote to Digicorps drug. While the other spies of the last lecture drift into what appears to be a day of brain death while the speakers are buzzing (the speakers send all the assistants to sleep through subliminal messages.) All of a sudden, the lights of the rooms go out and the Digicorp workers are illuminated with all their eyes to make sure they are not aware, then, in a pretty nightmarish situation, they bring a headset to each member who sends messages into the brain and wash the brains of the precipitants by making them believe that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people while cleaning up their own lives. Sullivan must now claim that he fully believes he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from their rivals Samways and they want their own puppets to do it. They now effectively control what these spies do, with the exception of Sullivan. When Samways catches Sullivan and discovers that he has not yet been brainwashed, they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp. Make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent them the game to enter Samways and progress through the system until they are able to download important information about the company that might close it. Samways realizes that he has been planted and decides to play Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but will give Digicorp a shady record that will ruin his system. The plot begins to turn and turn while both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to understand why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party comes into play, the person for whom Foster works is revealed, Sullivan must decide to go to that independent agent, who could guarantee him a new life and security or stick to one of them. companies for which he works. The tension rises to a climax, because it seems that everyone wants to dispose of it once its utility is over. The actors are great. Northam is superb and the subtlety of his performances is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy beyond belief, and her presence gives the movie a lot of momentum because it sounds strange as a cast, but it works for that. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was the cult classic of the science fiction film Cube, has a real visual flair. He walks beautifully around the film and gave him a great look. For a low-budget film, it has imaginative visual effects, and while the CGI is not great, it never starts too much for the film to have a negative effect. The film really brings feelings of The Matrix and other great sci-fi movies, it is up to par. The plot becomes almost too complicated at times, but in reality it helps in a film like this, that's where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is obvious. The film makes you constantly work what happens and really surprises you as you go. It's a cult classic, and I can see it as incredibly popular when it comes out in the States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
