Was it based on a comic? A video game? A drawing of 3 years? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this film to take seriously; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Nothing. We have international high-tech terrorists / criminals who bicker like preschoolers, Stallone's steel-man resilience to the freezing cold, a dialogue so stupid that it's sometimes hilarious, etc. . Even the code name that the bad guys use is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that entertains through suspense, good action sequences and a beautiful snowy mountain scenery. Oh, yes: and the involuntary humor. <br /> <br /> The film begins with really bad and unconvincing gay jokes between our wacky and happy characters who obviously have a difficult time. Then comes a shortage of sweat, which should make anyone who has a problem fear of losing the height of having their hair pulled. And then we still have a little bad dialogue and then bigger actions. It's the rhythm of the film in a few words. <br /> <br /> The melodramatic exchange of Stallone with Turner, after a long meeting, is so soapy, so cliché, so fake and so bad that it should make any self-respecting spectator laugh. Shortly after this series of appalling dialogues, we witness a spectacular airplane hijacking. All the action is a great nonsense, but it's a stupid pleasure at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scenes are really the highlight of the movie. After landing, our criminal masters look for a guide and find themselves with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to look for the first case of money, but they do everything to make it as difficult as possible. they remove most of his clothes (so that he can freeze) and they will not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). Do these gangs want their money to be bought or not? Very stupid. Apparently, they do not trust Stallone, but they surely know they can still send him black mail using Rooker as a hostage. Nevertheless, our gangsters make it difficult for Stallone to rise, if for no logical reason, at least to show us how bad they really are - lest there be a doubt. And for those who may still doubt the evilness of the wicked, they boast, boast and sneer in a very perverse way. Everyone is convinced? Well. You better be so. Otherwise, the writers will launch a mass execution of twenty schoolchildren, just to make sure that the evil of the wicked is perfectly clear for everyone. <br /> <br /> The old man who flies the helicopter ... How did he fall into the trap? First, he had to be warned by the MTV aircraft manufacturer about the criminals and, secondly, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rooker in walkie-talkies. A host of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, with Lithgow having the dubious honor of getting most of the silly talk. "Leave me alone!" Lithgow: "I did not even start climbing on my back." Or again, Lithgow in Stallone: ​​"We had an agreement, but now we are no longer!" And the Lithgow murderer gang: These guys never seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, pretend to play football with your body, etc. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I do not know at all what medications he took when he did it. I would hate to think that the script is so bad because of a low I.Q.
