Good horror movies from France are quite rare and it's pretty easy to understand why! Every time a talented young filmmaker releases a stunning new movie, he emigrates to glorious Hollywood immediately after to make the big-budget remake of another great classic movie! How can France possibly build a solid reputation of horror when their prodigious directors leave the country after a single film? "High Tension" was a fantastic film and it has earned the director Alexandre Aja a ticket (one way?) For the United States to redo "The Hills Have Eyes" (what he did in a terrifying way, could- I add). "Maleficent", his first feature film, was also a very promising and engaging horror picture. He is already in Hollywood also to make the remake of "One Missed Call", a ghostly film of Takashi Miike. So here are two very talented French people who are probably not going to shoot movies in their country of origin. "Maleficent" is a simple but effective cooler that requires a little patience because of its slow start, but once the plot is well developed, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of wonderful special effects. The film unfolds almost entirely in one place and introduces only four characters. We are in a dilapidated French prison cell with four occupants. The newcomer is a businessman sentenced to pay for fraud, the elderly and "wise" inmate murdered his wife sadistically, then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the strange quartet. They find an old newspaper in the wall of their cell, belonging to a sick murderer of the 1920s, specializing in rites of black magic and supernatural ways to escape. The four inmates begin to prepare their own escape plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, before realizing that occultism is something not to be disturbed ??? Eric Valette devotes an ocean of time to the characters' drawings of the four protagonists, which sometimes results in extravagant and tedious secondary intrigues, but his reasons are clearly apparent in the macabre culmination of the book that suddenly turns out to be a kind of Wishmaster - device. "Maleficent" is a dark film, with trucks loaded with claustrophobic tensions and several twisted details about human behavior. Watch it before a wealthy American production company decides to redo it with four beautiful teen actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
