This film focuses on four criminals locked up in a prison wishing to escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious black magic book, written by a former detainee around 1920, is called Danvers and wants to use spells to keep his skin young. The criminal business tactics (shortcuts) Carrère (Gerald Laroche) led him to prison with three strange cellmates .. a tranny Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the toy lover of Marcus Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats objects he touches (and is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his accusations as if he were "his" mother, and the scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (the latter being that he murdered his wife at this time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads the book, trying to understand its meaning in the hope of finding a way out of his prison. Carrère loves her child and thinks that his wife will take him out early on bail. When she betrays him, Carrère begins to bother with hatred and aspires to see and hold his beloved son. Carrère's toughest critic is Marcus, who aspires to be a full-fledged woman, while remaining attached to several masculine traits, such as training and standing up. He speaks loudly and uses his muscles as a type of fear tactic, even though deep down there is a world of vulnerability. The Daisy is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a dog for his master. There is even an alarming scene where the mother breastfeeds in Daisy's breast! Lassalle is a mystery that unfolds and allows us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what is hidden in his brain, which could be sinister. Clearly intellectual, and possibly keeping secrets among others, Lassalle is in fact the one who keeps the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book. Soon, those who are not a threat to the book are seeking their "true" escape, not so much from the four-walled cell, but from the cell that traps their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is projected from the room with a very fascinating character entering the movie with a camcorder as if he were a new occupant. Who is this person and how does she understand the power of a book, and even better, how to use it? A constant in this film is that every prisoner often seen looking through his window to the world is quite out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm happy to have had the chance to watch this movie. It looks like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price has to be paid. There is some gore in the film, some surprising moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, it is above all a narrative based on a story. The gore is a product of what the book releases. One of the members of the group twists limbs while suspended in the air, while a frightening first part shows the carnage perpetrated following the desire of a man. We see Danver's destiny at the end, with a wonderful sequence of special effects on a child melting. The destiny of Lassalle is a masterful sequence of effects. I will say that Maleficent, under the well-timed direction of Eric Valette, has always caught my attention and, to be such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a singular place, the prison cell), it seems never hang out. I guess it shows interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to lead them.
