If you are one of those who happily recognize mysterious titles such as 'Book of the Dead', 'Book of Eibon' or 'Necronomicon', then you should feel comfortable with Malefique, a movie that also features a occult tome. , one with the power to change the fate of everyone involved. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, the dreaded object was placed in the wall by Danvers, a serial killer incarcerated in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black arts before suddenly disappearing. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is a discoverer of the book. His wife Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to become a woman but at the same time builds his body to execute a plan of escape, is the half dough Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud). who has already eaten his little sister, and the "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), supposedly mad about reading, who murdered his wife. Recalling to the viewer the equally bizarre and strange character of Meat Loaf in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins by being the dominant member of the quartet, particularly protective of the infantile Daisy. However, with the publication of the book and the general need to decipher his dangerous content, Marcus is becoming more and more important. Initially guaranteed early release, Carrère is not interested much more than university events. Suddenly, he too needs an urgent evacuation solution and, as the prisoners experience, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... <br /> <br /> Most time spent in a prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air perfectly suited to its subject (as well as the limited budget of filmmakers). It is only at the beginning, then at the end, that we will be able to leave the limits of the cell, a necessary opening which only emphasizes the condemned and closed character of the procedure elsewhere. More than anything, it's a film about being trapped, as a victim of your criminal past or occult events that are happening right now. "I'm going to escape," said Carrère at the beginning of the film, wishing above all to join his wife and son. Whether it does or not, it will be very expensive, and the great irony of the film is that the ultimate form of an "escape" might not be the one a man could imagine. <br /> <br /> the budget limits, it is to the merit of the director for the first time, Eric Vallette, that his film succeeds as well. As the critics have noted, this is a film with a strong Freudian connotation - Lassalle's distinctive breast and breastfeeding of adults, for example; the image of a vagina that comes alive and develops an eye; the adult man who dissolves again in a fetus; The original fetish of Danvers placenta; the dark cell as a primitive matrix from which "delivery" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the screenplay, Vallette barely puts a foot wrong, and manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere from which it's just a question of four guys, four berths, a folding table and a book. There is a real thrill of Lovecraftian growing as men evoke the unspeakable darkness of his pages, while one or two moments - the aforementioned flashing vagina, or what happens at Doverette - are unforgettable. The rhythm of many dark events in Malefique is deliberate and rejects the quick cuts in many Hollywood productions: an approach to video culture that often turns the horrified look into fast-paced action. This is perhaps a particularly European way, as we can recall, a similar and measured approach to shocking hallucinations in films such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that also shares a particularly unpleasant image. based on a collapsed eye. <BR /> <br /> Well oriented in 1.85: 1, Malefique enjoys excellent performances and, if for this spectator at least, the conclusion was not as explicable as it could have been, the course up to the final blow deserved to be taken. Coming so soon after the release of the highly-acclaimed Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to rejoice that good horror movies are emerging from French industry, after a while the only interesting product came from Asia
