French horror cinema has experienced a revival of vitality in the last two years with the projection of big films like Inside and Switchblade Romance. Evil has preceded rebirth just a bit, but stands out from most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best French horror movies ever made! Evil has of course been shot on a budget, but the originality of the film has offset much more. In addition, the excellent work of writing and interpretation that ensures the success of the film compliment. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central figure is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud. He is placed in a cell with three other people. Lassalle, the bodybuilding transvestite Marcus and his retarded boyfriend, Daisy. After a short while together in the cell, they fall on a hiding place in the wall containing an old newspaper. After translating a part, they quickly realize its magical powers and the possibility of using it to pierce the walls of the prison. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting subject. I'm surprised to see that there are not more movies based on that because there is so much room for things to do. It is fair to say that Maleficent makes the most of its assets because despite its constraints, the film never feels really restrained and manages to unfold. Director Eric Valette creates a great atmosphere for the film. the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell gives the film a feeling of great claustrophobia, which greatly benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners wishing to use magic to leave the cell - it is very easy to stay behind them! It is often said that the unknown is what really scares people, and this film proves that as a director, we can never really be sure of what lies ahead, and it helps to make Maleficent really succeed. to be. pretty scary! The film is memorable for many reasons besides the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself takes almost its own character is very well done. All those who fear that the film will not be delivered in the end will not be disappointed either, because the end is logical and manages to be quite horrible! Overall, Maleficent is a very good horror film and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended viewing!
