"Maleficent" is an example of the effectiveness of a horror movie with a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. Its distribution has no recognized names, its budget is low and it certainly lacks visual aspects; but that compensates for all this with a smart and well-written script, effective distribution, and a director's vision of narration rather than the provision of thrills. Eric Valette is perhaps not yet a known name, but with "Maleficent", his first feature film, he proves that he is at the level of contemporaries like Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different origins but with one goal: to go out. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is imprisoned after being convicted of multimillion fraud; his cellmates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mental defeat Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are all condemned for murder and coldly welcome Carrère. Carrère discovers an ancient book describing how a former prisoner escaped through black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexander Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maleficent" is a wonderful mix of black fantasy and horror in a very evocative way of Clive Barker's stories. The highlight of the film is the way it builds the characters, they all have very complex and different personalities and much of the tension and suspense comes from their constant confrontation of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well treated and generally gives the film the feeling of reading a Gothic novel. Although it is a film about four men locked in a room, the film never becomes boring or boring. In fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes good use of the mood, mood and casting to bring the plot to life. Despite his obvious lack of budget, he designed a brilliant, original, fresh and very attractive film. His work as a subtle and effective cameraman helps make the film dynamic despite its unique location. The slowness of the film is excellent for creating the heavy atmosphere of isolation and mistrust that animates the film. The very rare displays of special effects are very well done and Valette exchange quantity for quality in some gory scenes but fantastic. <br /> <br /> It's the characters that make this movie work, and the cast certainly deserves credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent in Carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, it is Clovis Cornillac who steals the show with his interpretation of Marcus, a violent and disturbed man who, deep inside himself, wants to be only himself. The characters are superbly developed and the distribution makes the most of them. <br /> <br /> The film is fantastic, but it does not miss many flaws. Of course, the most notorious is his small budget. Some of the CGI effects are a little mediocre compared to effective makeup and dentures used in other scenes, however, it's never too bad for that. Probably the bad side of "Maleficent" is that he seems to lose speed when he focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than the characters, it's not too bad but the end may seem weak from of the. Anyway, "Maleficent" is another of these great horror movies recently released from France, and deserves to be more recognized. Valette is certainly a talent to follow because this modest (although complex) story of the supernatural proves her abilities. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
