Hal Hartley's influence in Adrienne Shelly's "I'm taking you there" is not obvious, but clearly has links to her work (Shelly played in two of Hartley's films). His film not only presents a very close story, but the hyper-stylized and extreme characters make human emotion strangely in a very real light. Although this film is not generally ironic (thank you to God), the small and subtle ironies that adorn the work allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With a beautiful cinematography and soundtrack of the seventies, "I see you there" is a great independent film that does not lead to the post-modern irony of the misfortunes of love and reality of human emotion. <Br /> <br /> The movie begins with the fall of Bill's life. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in retirement. While washed, Bill trails in his own sadness until his sister Lucy (interpreted by the director Adrienne Shelly) offers all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> Bill refuses to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. There is no doubt that Bernice's initially superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle undermine her ability to "bounce back" with her. However, his pseudo-hippie qualities upset him so much that he unleashed against her on their first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by her derogatory remarks that she clings to him and imposes himself on him. For what purpose, we are not aware ... except perhaps the fact that she is a psychopath. (And what better way to play the psychopath than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Aware that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her car, but on the condition to take him somewhere first. Along the way, she detains Bill with his own gun (a detective from Pinkerton, nothing less). An imbroglio of anguish, resentment, redemption, passion and violence ensues when Bill and Bernice find themselves on the way to Ray and Rose's country house ... of course, with a few stops underway. road.
