Aside from a few titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I watched all the movies that Guy Ritchie did. Two times. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons. This film is a very different approach to Ritchie, compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver prepares us for a psychological thriller, because a crook is at the mercy of a group of enemies he did not expect and a guided walk to redemption he did not know needed. In addition to seeing Andre Benjamin out of the celebrity OutKast getting noticed by his acting talent, Ray Liotta plays the manikin Mr D / Macha and Mark Strong plays the role of Sorter, the hit-man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to jail by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his lonely time to develop a plot to humiliate Macha and force him to pay him for seven years. he passed. When he wins a deck of cards and raises a decent sum of Masha, Jake is on the verge of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that leaves him three days to live. A team of usurers, however, has an answer for him and a ticket for life, but only if he gives him all the money he has and does not want to work for them, all in a ploy to defeat him Masha and show Jake how dangerous he is. he made himself for himself. In addition to looking like imminent death, and a pair of lenders having a busy day with his money, Jake must also deal with a hit against him, which introduces Sorter - a hit-man under the Macha's job. The story comes to the fore when Jake realizes that some convicts with whom he spent time alone may very well be the team of lenders to take it as he should by creating all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to be finding. way in. Faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how twisted he became to be lonely, having only the company of his mind and his ego making their real existence difficult to even reach for Jake. . The film is a humiliating process for Jake and Macha as they confront each other with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the film is first rate, giving you the impression of the world of crime. represented and the characters he understands. Even though Ritchie's previous films are numerous, he still has his own presence in the dialogue, the sets and the experimental gangster genre. It's also a great journey on humility and recognition of the moment when you can easily let your ego or a predefined notion mask you the ability to accomplish what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well designed in this movie. All the characters are detailed and, in accordance with Ritchie's fashion, they are all bound by a certain sneaky that harms everyone's business. I could and would like to talk about this film and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take too much away from it if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take a few moments. sessions to get through all the complex layers, but it's a great movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and have not seen the sweetened American version, see if you can get the original version in the UK, as it will be an excellent discussion among friends when you try to place your puzzle in An enigma. I saw it with my team in early 2006 and we're still talking about it with the little things we learned today. She has earned her cult status and she is well deserved as a film where Ritchie walked out of the box and broke her standard a bit. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear me or revere me, but please, think I'm special, we're addicted, we're drug addicts in approval."
