I recommend to families, if possible, to show it only to older children. Some things in this movie may be too disturbing for the little ones to manage. Now that it's out of the way, let me Explain to you this film. It is actually a documentary of a male fox, which at first protects its territory and seeks a companion. The beginning with the magnificent sunrise and musical score is breathtaking. You'd better to imbibe as much of the landscape as possible, it's going ugly later. They gave both the fox and the vixen names, but I do not remember what they are for me. He fights this male invading to win his love.They later create a den and the vixen gives birth to four adorable little ones one of whom is blind.There are many happy and playful moments featuring the fox family, but the tragedy and the bad luck strike too early.The first vic time is the blind puppy, who approaches tide and is carried away. The second victim is the mother who, while stealing chickens, is deceived by a dead Chicken hanging on a pole.It passes unconsciously in a foot traps.She tries to escape, she tears off a part of his foot and The rest of the fox's family is obliged to watch her die under a tree. The man is now a single father, obliged to assume the role of father and mother. teach them the skills they need for life.It turns out later is not enough, when two of the now-developed puppies are encountering a nasty fate of their own; thanks to the carelessness and cruelty of the man.I will not spoil the surprising end, but it shows the farmer and his dogs at his tail.And it is a well deserved end after what the public and the fox family were I meant I saw that when it came out in the early 1980s, when we had something called Showbiz cable.I was only 4 years old when I saw it, but I did not could never understand why they were not leaving me Now, I know why, after having secretly watched him when he arrived at Disney, when I was 9 years old. I felt emotionally drained after seeing all the harm that was happening. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it was for something. Allow people to know what's going on with these animals and others, and why they are in danger. This documentary wanted to get the message out about this endangered species, and I hoped it would work. like Disney's True Life Nature movies, they do not teach why animals disappear. The encroachment of the land, the killing of the main prey of the foxes, and the senseless killing of these beautiful animals; put them in danger of disappearing. I'd like them to follow up on this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are better treated. talk about a terrifying named Teresa and her growing siblings.This film also reflects what happens sometimes to human families, especially when one of the parents dies suddenly.The surviving parent takes the list of both and tries to to teach the important lessons of life.It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when part of their life becomes ruined.Or they are victims of a tragedy themselves.Better all around the band original and musical score that I have never heard of.
