OK ... this movie has so far been advertised by critics and board posters (even if you're defending as a devil's advocate, you might suggest that critics are often people who do not did not do it for themselves as filmmakers, and board posters so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with the magic sponge to maybe join some people who decided not to see the movie based on how everyone seems to look down on their collective approval nose. <br /> <br /> The film's biggest flaw to gain wide support is its unexpected complexity. The film's timeline is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only to tell stories, but also to show us the subtle (or less subtle) allusions to prejudices we give to the audience. things when we memorize them, for example. The character of Ray Liotta, brandishing a gun with the words "fear of me", is described as both tragically pathetic (from Statham's point of view) or as inquiring and daring (from Liotta's point of view). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach with Revolver: we have a rather archetypal scenario (the powerful but silent and sober anti-hero gets out of jail with a score to settle but stays inadvertently shot in a world of corruption ... I mean it's black-film figure painting here guys, up to the vague poetic choice of gritty diction and vocals) but then Guy took that frame to make a number extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the stage where Jason Statham's character has a car. This disposable footage could have been released by the movie and made no difference in the story ... but Ritchie explains how such low-risk events, such as receiving a phone call, can make the difference between life and death. <Br /> <br /> The last act of the film is therefore breathtaking. If I said that I did not spend the last 20 minutes of the movie turning my date to my date, "... wtf?" ... but that's the worst reason to ignore 'a work of art. It is far too easy not to like something because you have trouble understanding. And even easier to say "well, no one else seemed to understand it, so it must be a real movie shit!" In my humble opinion, Revolver is an elegant, complex and mature modern work of art, which should be welcomed in the same way that we would give to Saatchi Brothers' work. If we choose this opportunity to say collectively "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie on a band of bleeding" cockney gangster in-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a tit-fuck! "then will come the day when filmmakers will have the right to do only what shallow, shallow people ask them." It's not because Guy has made a name for himself with cockroach freaks and shameless It can not be deep without being "pretentious." Funny people can also be considerate.
