Life is not so bad for Harry Mitchell, he is a former Air Force Commander (plus a nice pension, I guess), who earns a lot of money for a patent he has developed ( fusing titanium and steel through an explosive process, creating a super metal worthy of NASA.), and his wife for twenty years has been well preserved. He has a nice little tablet in LA. I love seeing visions of the 80s consumer dream, and you get a good share here, with the restored Silver Jag (a Type 1 Series 1 roadster) and the gorgeous old dollhouse for her (as well as 'm sure of other trinkets and boys' toys). There must always be more, but is not it? So, Harry gets caught up in romantic schemes (you only have the age of the woman you feel). As in many black films, an error in an otherwise unblemished life brings a negative arc to Harry. <br /> <br /> Three master masters give him a whim. These are where the value is for me, great actors playing very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-inmate capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts to avoid jail time and punish double-crossers. He evokes Pluto, the vicious black psycho ex-conman of Carl Franklin's well-known Neo-Black neo-black, "One False Move" (1992). There is a motivation of a similar character, I believe. The two men have enough, and almost everyone, in extremis. Robert Trebor plays the role of Leo Franks, a big lily liver pansy who runs a nude show where men can shoot nude models at US $ 25 for half an hour and US $ 50 for an entire hour (some did anyone else complain about the lack of discounts?). He is above his head and it's great to see Trebor play when Leo starts to feel the heat, a credible breakdown. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a really brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a criminal life by pure boredom sociopath. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly nasty things during the film, including what I think is a very implicit rape (pay attention to reading his RAP sheet, he's easily forgotten, and read between the lines for the motel scene with "Slim"). <br /> <br /> In common with One False Move, but not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film lies in the unusually communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far so good but I think there is a real problem with the film. Harry Mitchell is told at one point that he has his "tit in the wiper". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. The protagonists of Roy Scheider never lose, they are sure of themselves and gently, but not in an annoying way. I have the impression that I am asked to believe that his character is in danger, the film relies on this for a dramatic tension; but I did not believe it. For me, it's like being asked to believe that Sandra Bullock's character will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or that the character of Stephen Seagal will be crushed by the bad guys (which happened in a movie but was done deliberately for the shock value). Roy Scheider does not convince either as an adulterer, you do not feel at all embarrassed by him, his character is covered with teflon. <br /> <br /> It also looked like a film that took cuts. At 110 minutes, she still feels underdeveloped: Ann Margaret, Harry's wife, is sort of a cardboard cutout, an extension of Harry. His history as a politician running for office receives little attention. The effect the case has on Harry's marriage is not properly communicated. This could be a problem of Frankenheimer, he is not known for the development of his character. I never felt that Harry was dealing with a little more than an obviously boring and erroneous tax claim from the IRS. <br /> <br /> There is a good dark and violent content in this film, but I think that being in excellent support, Harry's casting could have been better done (no disrespect towards the great Roy Scheider). The film seemed short, even after a long time, and I think it could have taken a little longer. <br /> <br /> But you really can not forget the movie, like Harry's deliciously perverse scene taking pictures. from Doreen in the nudie salon.
