The Sopranos are probably the most acclaimed television series of all time. My expectations were very real, and yet, the series exceeded them. I love Mafia and crime movies, and I like to follow the fascinating stories in these worlds, but it's so much more. More than 86 hours of material give history the opportunity not only to be one of the most exciting and unpredictable stories of the mafia, but also to be a great family drama, a shocking character study, a brilliant comedy, a brilliant psychological examination dealing with the nature of good and evil and intellectual intellectual collaboration between representative dreams and hallucinations. David Chase's epic series succeeds in accomplishing all this and more, and cementing HBO as the closest television that can achieve cinematic perfection, paving the way for many other series to continue to impress audiences. <br /> <br /> Realism is there when it's needed, but Chase's decision to ignore it for "dream episodes," etc., just adds layers to the series. Chase - along with Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, the future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire - turn New Jersey into a complex world filled with the greatest characters I've seen on television. <Br/> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most innovative characters on television. Tony adheres to half the stereotypes of gangsters from pop culture, but he completely defies the other half and through his family interactions and therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), with whom he has considerable chemistry which ensures the always similar to the rest of the series), we see almost every side of Tony Soprano and we learn that he is more than a man of everyday, as one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco equals the power of Gandolfini's performance in Tony's wife, Carmela. From his mixed feelings about Tony's way of life, his suspicions about the murders, his torment against his cheaters, his own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela covers the gamut of emotions throughout the six seasons and Falco in fact the preferred vehicle for non-mafia viewers. to have your eyes in a world so corrupt. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most heartbreaking and painfully realistic dramas ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The secondary distribution is almost as phenomenal and a wide range of characters fill the cast over the six seasons, somehow without any firing. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's domineering mother, Livia, who gives insight into Tony's personality issues and panic attacks. The familiarity with Marchand's incessant complaints is almost horrible since she takes the character so far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protégé. His various choices lead him on a path that is painful to watch but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend Adriana. She is so well intentioned and adorable that the black bow takes her character when she gets too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, portrayed as the ultimate stereotype of the mafia and a comic book source, but he eventually becomes one of the most likeable and complex characters in the series, and no one plays better than him in the real anger. And this is only the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Famous faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini make appearances at during the series, while such notable names as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are more than 50 great characters with powerful arches, and the excitement and tension never falters in any of the subplots of the show. <br /> <br /> Comic elements and whole episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the dramatic intensity of the series' powerhouse, which is so versatile that, for whatever reason, the credits of almost every episode leaves me somewhat puzzled. The Sopranos are the most powerful and addictive series I've seen overall, and its highs are so breathtaking that I should call it my favorite show despite questionable hollows (with which I disagree with the mostly). <br /> <br /> Whether you like or hate the end, or what you do with it, it has no relevance: the discussion she has created is a feat in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are many things to love and be amazed at on this show, so if you're thinking of looking at something else instead, do yourself a favor and find out.
