Although "The Sopranos" is another megahit gift "The Godfather" and its aftermath, which dramatized and to some extent glorified the Mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another angle. Stylish and chic mobsters with homes in Lake Tahoe and games in Vegas casinos - these are goombahs, with a waste management front, that deal with things falling from behind trucks, roofless bars , protective money - in short, what were the crowds of the neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not stand up to sexual and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a band leader who lives in New Jersey and lives with a wife and two children. He is subject to panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with that of his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and who attracts him at the same time. Tony - Paulie 's henchman, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - are all well - rounded characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from within, and one of these enemies includes the sickly mother but Tony's horrible (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Meanwhile, Tony's sister, Janice, is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems with a mistress and a woman (Edie Falco) who supports a lot because she loves him while keeping links with her Catholic religion. "The church fears divorce," she told a woman considering a split. "Let the pope live with him" is the answer. Regarding the problems of Tony's mistress, her psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough, and asks if this sounds familiar. Yes, it looks like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian origin, and yes, I'm fed up that the Italians are presented in a negative light and that everyone assumes that all Italians are mobsters. Yet you can not help but enjoy this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it says, is not it turkey pie and sweet potato - it's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, then the bird!) Without speak the pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole, manicotti, etc. The only thing that is not Italian about Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except that my parents never have had not either). <br /> <br /> Gandolfini is a ruthless gangster for antidepressants, Falco, who is as brilliant as his wife, and Bracco, a tortured Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take violence and language, it's a great show, a relentless portrait of the mob life in New Jersey.
