Now, I read negative reviews for this show on this site and, frankly, I'm dismayed. For anyone who even thinks that sopranos is not television, I'm afraid I do not know what the world has become. Let me tell you something. I started watching many TV shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these shows have lost their appeal after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break that I refuse to watch because the companies took two great ideas and slaughtered them by doing more than one season. Then we have the Sopranos. Honestly, I can say that this is the only television series I have ever watched that has fascinated me all season, and especially all of its episodes. There is no department in which this show excels. Acting - Nothing less than superb. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I think his role is absolutely amazing in every episode. After hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I thought it would have been the best choice. However, after watching the first episodes, I knew that HBO had done a great job by pointing to James as Tony. The raw emotion he displays is superb. Then we have everyone, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remember as Johnny Ola in The Godfather, Part 2) and my two favorite characters, Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt, "Walnuts" , Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. . All these actors play in the best qualities and give an excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, I've never been so seduced by a TV show. The story is just excellent. Each episode is superbly done and the score of this show is simply fantastic. I think The Sopranos is a show that I can watch over and over without ever getting bored. It ranges from hilarious humor to brutal violence, but nevertheless, it's still and always will be the best thing to do through television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the series. Not just saying it's too violent, or they think Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters are going to be very honest or faithful to God. I implore everyone to watch this show because, believe me, you'll be hooked on the first episode. I went there and even had some friends who had initially refused to watch the show, hung on it. Trust me when I say that this show is a boon to shit on television. After watching the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I repeat that this show dominates the television and no show is televised. The present or the future will never eclipse the wonder of the Sopranos.
