Not only are the stories of "The Sopranos" interesting to audiences everywhere, but I think (for me at least) that what brings viewers back to action is the actor. (Even you, Gary, can not dispute this statement) James Gandolfini, who plays the lead role, Tony Soprano, has become (in the opinion of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood elites" in the role of a television series. I would not want to compare him to Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. However, he does a lot of work playing Tony Soprano. Since 1999, Gandolfini has become such an important player (mainly because of his role in The Sopranos) that he is today considered one of the best in the industry. And it is not just him. "The Sopranos" includes many actors, including those of Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's terrible mother. At this point in the series, he is rightly considered a classical cult. The first two seasons have been extraordinary. Violent and quite macabre in a rather frequent way, but without any doubt, extraordinarily done. The third season was excellent, but was not up to the hype of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the start of the year, was the weakest season in this day (or at least, in my opinion, it was). . Despite a period of drought, I still found this (season 4 of "The Sopranos") more entertaining than most of its competitors, which says a lot because I recently noticed a trend in the good new TV shows. Examples: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Brake Your Excitement and OZ (which is not technically a new show but ends with an unforgettable final season this year). To come back to my point, however, to consider a show as better than the whole contest during a particularly bad year, is quite an accomplishment on the part of the writers. "The Sopranos" ranks above all other television series of its time and its authors deserve a lot of credit. To conclude, I would like to say: "The sopranos" are the real deal. For the average viewer (17 years and older) who loves drama and does not fear a mixture of violence and blasphemy, you can take a look at "The sopranos" if you have the opportunity. Believe me, it will be worth it.
