I can not add much to the positive reviews already expressed: excellent acting, balanced writing, multi-faceted characters, excellent anti-heroes in Tony, excellent commentary on the millennial American life. The integral use of psychiatry associated with Tony's mother's problems is particularly fresh and humorous. Several other characters add a lot of depth - the interesting story of Hesh as a foreigner, the total and irreparable taint of Ralphie, the two desires of Chris's life, and so on. "I must deepen certain criticisms however, especially the" he glorifies violence / belittles that of Italo-Americans. Most authors and actors are Italo-American, would they attack? There are several positive Italo-American characters - Artie Bucco the leader, Dr. Melfi and his family and the Cusamanos next to the Sopranos. Indeed, the former husband of Dr. Melfi notes during season 1 that only a tiny minority of Italo-Americans has already had mobile connections (certainly less than the proportion of African Americans involved in the crime, In both cases, poverty and lack are the most important causes. <br /> <br /> Most characters do not really choose the life they have; family history or circumstances are largely stumbling. Foreigners (even of Italian origin) who try to integrate in it usually encounter disturbing goals - Matthew and his friend in season 2, for example. If you criticize this show, I suppose that Frasier made you want to become a psychiatrist or that Will & Grace made you want to become a homosexual? Presumably, you will not listen to rap music that talks about gangs, or r'n'b that talks about promiscuity, or rock music that talks about drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some people think. <br /> <br /> However, not everything is perfect. Many characters have appeared only once, when, logically, they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episodes - Tracee the dancer, Ally, Meadow's friend, Uncle Junior's girlfriend (supposedly for 20 years until their separation in season 1).
