This is an excellent example of a good silly movie. No, it's not great art, far from it. The scenario is not close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks either. BUT WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four movies and a series of cartoons) is basically a joke that blithely tramples on the kind of territory the Zuckers directed before embarking on serious movies. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this title The fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the plot Killer Tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (third time in the role of John Astin) has a plan to lead France through an old prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to become a sportsman and turns out to be a dead ringer for the real king of France long lost. Obviously, he also interprets the previous title, grazing happily the French language. <br /> <br /> The intrepid Tomato Fuzzy opposes it (like the others, FT was introduced in the second movie and would be a main character in the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed following the conclusion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a barely disguised version of himself, posing as "Michael J Fox" as a way to conquer the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Mary, happily jumping between shameless virgin sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Netherlands had more of a film career! Rick Rockwell is another member of the stock company Killer Tomatoes who is back in the company. He is now better known as "Who wants to marry a millionaire?" Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both front and back camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a singular vision and managed to make it happen. After doing so, he apparently fell into darkness. John, if you ever see that, thank you for giving us the killer tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is heavily conscious, but not obnoxious, because it's just a movie. Like RETURN OF KILLER TOMATOES, the action sometimes flies off the middle of the set and ends in the middle of the filming crew. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about his lack of success compared to his former partner, Michael J Fox. It's the biggest budget of all Killer Tomatoes movies and it's a great send for the show. Okay, the series then went to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also pretty clever), but the cartoons just are not the same.
