I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection because it's one of my favorites. What's interesting to me is that when it was released in 1969, MIDNIGHT COWBOY was so shocking to the viewers that it was rated X. Of course, at that time, X meant Maturity. As I was only two years old at the time of the release of the film, it is difficult for me to imagine how much the viewers were shocked. However, when I try to take into account the fact that many of the topics covered in the film include prostitution (the title itself was in slang for a prostitute); homosexuality; solitude; Physical (and to some extent emotional) violence and drugs are hard for many people to talk about today, I can begin to get an idea of ​​what the viewers of this movie have thought of its release. It should be noted that in the 1970s, the MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to R rating and that, although still rated R, some scenes could almost be rated PG-13 by current standards. <br /> <br /> I I would like to briefly summarize the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard of the film. Jon Voight plays the role of a young Texas man, Joe Buck, who decides he can become a beefy man in New York, escorting rich women. He imitates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers wearing a cowboy outfit thinking that it will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he met, he meets a shabby scammer named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can earn all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is deceived and soon he is homeless. However, Joe meets Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving more information on the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other to try to achieve their dreams. THAT IS TO SAY. Joe makes a gigolo and Ratso goes to Florida where he thinks he can get healthy again. <br /> <br /> I wish to make some comments on the film itself. First of all, the acting is excellent, especially the main role. Although the film is really very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are scenes that, even if they are not meant to be fun, seem to me fun. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk on a street in the city and a taxi makes them virtually roll. Dustin Hoffman bangs the cab and says, "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" This scene fascinates me because it is so typical of the city of New York where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to my mind is when Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a certain O'Daniel. The funny thing is that at first we think O'Daniel is here to recruit gigolos and we see why Joe is so excited, but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing else than a religious lunatic. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I really like the scene where Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and that Joe says in self-defense: "John Wayne, you're going to tell me he's a homo!" What I like is the presentation in this scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was shot in the late '60s, most of the time it sounds true today. Indeed, although the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the form of Disneyfication in recent years, homelessness is still as prevalent as 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they will hit him big and then see their dreams broken as was the case with Jon Voight's character. One of the things that impresses me about Jon Voight is that he is a survivor. I felt that he had matured a lot at the end of the film and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had influenced him a lot. <Br /> <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I suggest that when you watch this film, you should watch it at least several times because there are so many things going on. For example, several sequences of flashbacks and dreams seemed more logical after a few views. Also, what I find interesting is that in this film, a lot of things are left to interpretation, like what really happened with Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who have lived in his life in Texas. Even the end, although I do not want to give it to those who have not seen the film, remains rather open.
