Acid, tireless and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than it was 35 years ago, when American life was even more disoriented. The film probably could not have been shot at another time in history, because of the many upheavals that took place in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the American Great West, intensification of the war in Vietnam and confrontation amazing social ideals in variety. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as the only Academy Award-winning film to win the "X" rating, but its fame is even greater; it also exceeds the norm as a work of art. If this film (from James Leo Herlihy's novel) says a lot about the erosion of American life, it transcends the politics of the 1960s by exploring the hidden bonds of friendship and addressing familiar themes of man at all times. In fact, the two main characters are classic antiheroes - men who have nothing great to offer but a lot to say about our world. <br /> <br /> The initial goal of "Midnight Cowboy" is 28 years old. Joe Buck, an imposing Texas native physically played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York, where he plans to use one of his rare talents - the ability to please women - and make a fortune as a prostitute. We learn from his arrival that Joe is ridiculously naive in the sex trade. Wearing cowboy blows and proclaiming himself "a hell of a stallion", the young Texan fails in his first rounds before associating with Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a clumsy scammer and little thief of Bronx. Ratso, who is small, lean and lame, brings little monetary help to Joe. They are quickly running out of money and, while life is getting harder in the winter, Joe and Ratso are shivering in a condemned building in Manhattan, barely a dollar or a meal prepared for them. It was during this period that a strong friendship developed between them, the two men relying on one another to fight. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe remembers previous years in Texas, including his life with grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who was a guardian; her harassed relationship with "Crazy" Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by city-dwellers who wanted to end their romantic relationship. Midnight Cowboy brings together a large number of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that illuminate the main characters while distorting their backgrounds. Joe and Ratso benefit from each moment of understanding, which generates more questions about their lives. The two men are undoubtedly in tatters; they have no sense of direction until Ratso falls into the throes of illness and Joe finally realizes the reason for being alive. This revelation pushes "Midnight Cowboy" to its conclusion, rather optimistic in a very dark story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso are in desperate need of luck, John Schlesinger is clearly portrayed and uses the same atmosphere of Waldo Salt's script, allowing Voight and Hoffman to flourish. Their interactions seem extremely natural and the cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol clique, is an essential part of the story. The flashback sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the wrenching of lost time. <br /> <br /> It is recommended to all young people wondering about the psychedelic era of watching this movie, thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holender ("The boy who could fly", "Smoke") and edited by Hugh Robertson ("Shaft"). The visuals of "Midnight Cowboy" work with his soundtrack (assembled by John Barry) as a coherent unit, sometimes providing video clips of the past two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The memorable theme of the harmonica is interpreted by Jean Thielemans, Jean 'Toots'. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' was published in a two-disc collector edition of MGM / UA, which contains extensive features and comments. A 1998 DVD version (used for this review) is also available. It offers a standard dual widescreen format with Dolby Digital 5.1 sound enhancement; subtitles in three languages ​​and closed captioning; French doubling; a re-broadcast trailer in the room (not the original as announced); and an eight-page production booklet. Both DVD editions contain a restored version of the film's 25th anniversary, showing its original brilliance. Worthy of his three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and his additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), Midnight Cowboy will be on the list of immortal classics. *** out of 4
