Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides he will leave his little life in Texas and make it big in the big city. The women are there to ask and the men are mainly "tutti-fruttis". Eyes wide, he arrives in New York without being prepared for the series of humiliating mishaps he suffers, worse than others. In the midst of this chaos, he meets Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffmann), a homeless man who lives in a seemingly doomed building. <br /> <br /> There's no real story like MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a series of vignettes designed to evoke not only the suffering of Joe Buck in the city, but also to trace his past and show us shock scenes and semi-psychedelic dream sequences: her failed relationship with her girlfriend Annie (Jennifer Salt) who was raped by a gang, her abandonment by her mother and her apparent mistreatment by her grandmother, who also used to hustle men for money. An air of pessimism dominates the film almost from the nostalgic beginning while Nilsson plays throughout the first part of the credits, generating his "Everybody Speaks" (1). we think that even if we want Joe to win in the city, the odds are high that he will not do it and will end up working for a few cents in a dead end job - shown in a masterful shot of his point outside. see later in the film as he watches a man work as a dishwasher in a soup kitchen through a window and see each other. We know in his eyes that he does not want to stop like this. <br /> <br /> John Schlesinger, a dark story with disappointed hopes, creates mesmerizing images of souls lost in the late sixties and center, the friendship between two men who strive to give a meaning to their lives in the elusive comfort of a dignified life. There's the implicit notion that they may have been lovers - Ratso is looking to kiss Joe in the party scene and their final embrace in the end certainly indicates this - but it's basically a boyfriend movie , who manages to survive, literally, to death, and bring some form of hope to Joe who at the end of Florida seems to have changed a lot, he is older, wiser.
