"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a good movie to start with, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic of the moment that his insistent theme song, "Everybody's Talking" starts on the soundtrack (it's not written for the movie), and that the camera tells us introduce Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We had already seen Jon Voight, but we never really noticed him, but when he tells us he's a "stallion", who should doubt him? It was a superb performance that enjoyed iconic star status and a perfect understanding of the character. If Voight had never done anything else, his performance here would still be legendary. Voight has rarely disappointed on screen; even a piece of ham as well cured as his performance in this glorious trash "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The film became famous and infamous almost overnight. It was a pleasure for the crowd (even with its decent end), funny, sexy and recognizable as being "real"; (It was the end of the sixties and all the characters were just ringing). It was also the first film rated "X" to win the Oscar for best film of the year. Adapted (brilliantly) from Waldo Salt from a novel by James Leo Herlihy, it is probably the first mainstream American film to deal with "taboo" topics such as homosexuality and drug addiction. Everyone is recognizable, human, warts and everything, and everyone is treated with sympathy. Voight's Joe Buck is innocent abroad, a Candide who comes to New York to try his luck as a prostitute (a profession he considers glamorous and not ridiculous, he is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker ). But when he is himself shaken up by a vicious crook called 'Ratso' Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh out of "The Graduate" and he's a revelation), he realizes that the reality may be a little different from the pipe - dreaming. <br /> <br /> This is essentially a male love story (though totally platonic), between these two not so unlikely bedfellows. Totally alone, both totally helpless, each becomes the protector of the other (Voight with his physical prowess, Hoffman with his sense of the street). They are maladjusted to drift, tolerant of their own peculiarities and the deviance of others. Although 'straight' Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter in a cinema on 42nd Street with a boy even more lonely than him. (The whole film strangely postulates a "Christian" attitude). <br /> <br /> He is also beautifully played. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen all along the screen, beautiful vignettes of Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes, represent diverse clients and pioneers, well-defined characters that seem to transcend the actor. Overall, John Schlesinger's direction gives the film the impression of a documentary as well as the totally alien vision of an extraterrestrial American sub-womb without rancor or criticism. If you think about it, maybe it's a good movie after all.
