John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is perhaps the most remarkable, as it is the only movie in the history of the Academy to receive the Oscar for best film. This is certainly how I heard about it for the first time and, to be perfectly honest, I did not expect much from the film. That's not to say that I thought it would be horrible, but anyway, I did not consider it the kind of movie I'd like to watch. This is one of the reasons why you should never trust your own instinct on such ways ?? a remarkable combination of stellar actors, ambitious directors and a memorable soundtrack ("Everybody speaks to me, I do not hear a word, they do not say it") make this film one of the most beautiful explorations of life, naivety and liberated friendship. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then newcomer, Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York looking for a new life as a prostitute. Women, however, do not seem willing to pay for her services, and Joe faces extreme poverty as his financial resources begin to dry up. During these exploits, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crook who cripples and who, at first, tries to free Joe from all his money. When they realize they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and together they are trying to make a (largely dishonest) living in the cold, rough metropolis of New York. <Br/> <br /> Joe had convinced himself that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; However, his first venture of this type ends with the fact that he pays the wife (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself a little clever, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful and soft cough, always makes sure that if he could only travel in the heat of Miami, everything would be fine. This erroneous expectation that things are going to improve so easily is reminiscent of John Steinbeck's classic novel Lennie and George, 'Of Mice and Men.' <br /> <br /> Filmed largely in the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy is a realistic look at life in slums. Looking at the film, we can almost feel inside Ratso's sordid and unheated residence, our joints being stiff because of the cold winter cold. The play of actors certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, Voight and Hoffman masterfully describing the two decadent foundations of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walking here! I'm walking here! "), Succeeding in avoiding the spread of characters after his highly praised debut in" The Graduate "in 1967. Both stars were then nominated at Oscars for best actor (also for his "weird" role as Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that could not have lasted more than five minutes), but the two eventually lost to John Wayne in "True Grin". ' "Midnight Cowboy" has finally won three Oscars on seven nominations, including best film, best director for Schlesinger and best writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly told in a linear way, Although many flashbacks evoke the past of Joe, the public is invited to think about it by himself and to explain how these circumstances would have occurred. could lead Joe on the path he is pursuing. The final scene, of disconcerting beauty, leaves us a glimmer of hope but a great deal of uncertainty. Gitty, stimulating and deeply fascinating, "Midnight Cowboy" is one for all ages.
