It's not quite the timeless masterpiece you'd expect to be based on the praise he's earned, but "Midnight Cowboy", released in 1969, is still a powerful showcase for two young actors who burst forth at this moment. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of its time, in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionist, but it still casts a spell because the story comes down to themes of solitude and connection that resonate. no matter what period. The cinematographic influence of the film is still reflected in the tacit emotionality found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The sinister plot follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud farm for rich women. Full of energy, but devoid of all intelligence, he fails miserably but refuses to concede defeat despite the weakness of his finances. He meets a cynical and sickly little thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy pawn. The two become dependent on each other, and Rizzo begins to handle Joe. Things get complicated at a drug-infested psychedelic party where Joe finally lands a paying client. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sicker and both leave for Florida to look for a better life. This is not a story that will please everyone. In fact, some may still find something disgusting that a thief and thief are transformed into friendly characters, while their difficult situations seem terribly authentic. <br /> <br /> Main role, Jon Voight is ideally actor as he reveals Joe's all-out bravado and his aggravation of sexual insecurities. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully modifies his own postgraduate image of "The Graduate" and immerses himself in personal degradation and glittering hope that is a counterpoint that is strangely compatible with Joe. The honesty of their performances is complemented by Schlesinger's cinematographic treatment, which captures vividly the misery of the Times Square district at the time. The director also effectively inserts flashbacks and fantastic sequences to fill the character's fragile psyches. Credit must also go to Salt for not letting invading cynicism overwhelm the pathos of history. The other performances are simply incidental to the travels of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe met at the party, Sylvia Miles as a fanatic matron, John McGiver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes alone. <br /> <br /> The 2006 DVD package containing two discs contains a blank transfer of the 1994 restoration and informative commentary by producer Jerome Hellman since, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger nor Salt are still alive. The second disc features three great features - a documentary back on the past, "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", which contains comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and associated archive images, such as as a Voight screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the genesis of the initial "X" rating of the film and the audience's reaction to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger".
