Midnight Cowboy opens on Drive In Theater where the voice of lead character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) sings in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, which he strives to be. Joe discovers his life of banal life in Texas and moves to New York with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses like the cowboy's incarnation, but in a caricatural way, even his friends do not take him seriously. He begins his bus trip to New York and we can quickly see how Joe is diluted in his interactions with other passengers. It is above all a story of Joe's realization of the harsh realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> He begins as a very naïve southerner, thinking that he might succeed in New York because of his beauty. He has no other reason to think otherwise because they have proven useful in the past. we learn this from the many flashbacks he has. At first, flashbacks are filmed in a way that describes them as somewhat whimsical. They are troubled and the voices resound as if they came from far away, as they are, they come out of his past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh New York atmosphere, we see more and more of his past, which is no longer whimsical, but brutal, filmed in black and white with a montage quick to portray the cruel nature of past events. This is especially evident in the flashback of him and his girlfriend who were assaulted and raped. In one of these flashbacks, we see a building being demolished brick by brick. This reflects the way Joe himself is falling apart; the naivety he once bore falls on him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in misery, and are barely able to get food to eat; Joe realizes that he can not live by his appearance, that there is a gravelly belly in New York that he has not imagined. His subconscious reflects the way in which his real life escapes. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a mirror to Joe, but in an opposite direction; Ratso is Joe's flagship. Joe is a handsome man who, for the most part, looks good. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say that he is the opposite. It is small, dark and always covered with a veil of sweat. He understands how the world works, that it's unforgiving and that no matter how hard you try, you will fail. as his father did. They live in the same world, the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, common at this time, is very apparent in this film. . Neither Joe nor Ratso are part of the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York, where he is still an underdog. Ratso, living in the cold of New York, wants to settle in sunny Florida where he thinks he can find a good life. Even if this is his ideal, in the fantasy offered by Ratso's point of view, it is obvious that he knows that he will never really integrate into society. In this fantasy, he is excited by the people around him, he is still an outsider, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> It was only at the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso began to narrow. Joe resorts to violence; he takes the mentality of this city in order to obtain money to finance a way of escape for Florida for himself and Ratso. During the trip, we see Joe coming out of a store not wearing cowboy clothes which he is still deprived of in the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who seems to be going to Florida for a vacation. He dresses Ratso in the same way; he is tired of adapting them to the new society in which they enter, but it is in vain. When Ratso dies on the bus, their fellow travelers once again regard them as strangers. Even in this new culture into which they have entered, they can not escape the alienation they have encountered at every turn of this film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's persistent alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe will be able to use his new insights into the workings of the world and create a better life than he would have had as a conspirator. New York. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film describing the harsh reality of society and its alienation, with remarkable performances by Voight and Hoffman.
