Horror is perhaps one of the two genres where logic does not always prevail over the imagination. We all know that killers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to withstand the pain they feel and still be ready to fight one more day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really resuscitate to hunt down people and eat their brains. And let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old homes, unspeakable crimes will not be perpetrated against them. This is where the imagination prevails over the facts. Horror, and most movies in general, forces us to suspend our disbelief for a few hours and follow the flow. This is not usually a problem when I watch bouncing balls being thrown down George C. Scott's stairs or when I see an invisible force watching three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I have a problem to digest (without wanting to regurgitate) is when a movie has a killer like this movie. Giving who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and it would take all the pleasure of looking at it for yourself, but suffice to say that I really enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the film for the killer to be what he is. But the previous 90 minutes is a well-made, sensational and blood-soaked film, done with panache and talent by John Hough. If the movie had offered me a different killer, I would be really delirious. This may seem like a totally insane reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, everyone who has seen the movie will almost certainly agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays the role of Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Erin Flannery) have just moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several scenes of flashbacks where a mysterious woman (we can only assume that it is his wife) is lying on her back during a torrential downpour. His face is bloody and his eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and how important she is to the story, but she's still there. Cassevetes, it must be said, is strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than just parenting. Some scenes suggest incestuous possibilities. It never happens, but it just seems to be all-powerful, but somewhere under the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the movie never really explores this part of the relationship, but it makes you feel a bit uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seems to be a cross between porn actor John Leslie and the big screen James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a virile and dominant voice that makes you sit down and take note. But he also seems on the verge of undressing at a business luncheon in all scenes. He's just that way slimy, hypocritical, phlegmatic, uncomfortable with him. He never really seems to be able to trust this movie. I guess it does credit to the writers, the director and Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me from the beginning about his character. <br /> <br /> The story begins on an excellent note since two lovers would bathe in the local career. There is an old shed of ruined jackets nearby and, as we can see, something or someone is watching them. When the young man disappears briefly to get something in the truck, the young woman walks in the shed, just to make a joke. Once there, she is attacked. The young man rushes to the shed to find her and is impaled with a board and a nail. Hough cleverly prepares us for the paid field when the young man enters. He frantically looks at the room and sees her bleeding lover bleeding in the corner, then smacko, the guy gets it. It's a very tense moment and the film starts on the right note. <br /> <br /> A young man named Tim, who also seems to make the story entangled in a tangled story, also seems to have strange dreams of a woman's face tied into a torture chamber surrounded by men dressed in coats. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with murder, because every time a murder takes place, he has another dream. Mix a quiet and troubled grandmother, a female reporter and a strong but venal local sheriff, and you have all the ingredients to create a mess in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> Throughout the filming more people are massacred but most of the time, the men are massacred with extreme prejudices and the women are raped. This is my first weak attempt (and cautious) to tell you that this is what left me indifferent to the outcome. It just did not affect the good deal. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a well done film. It's tense, tight and even most performances are done very well. I was intrigued by Tim's dreams and was eager to know how important they were to history and ultimately to the murders. But when you have gone through all that was good in the film, you still have that bitter taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - It could have been a new one. Pity.
