If you have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you'd better move on. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful Tour and I still can not believe I was in the front row and I'm lucky enough to watch a show as phenomenal. She is now in New York with the series and it coincides with the release of her stunning revolutionary, "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is absent from the fight, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to raise her head from time to time, but Sandra more than compensates for the fact that Babs stops. Okay, I want to know, Ms. Bernhard is a bit of these influential artists and more. I really wanted to push this film because of its truth, its honesty, its humor, its eclectic songs (of Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a scenario that defines the decadence, the joy, the sadness, the ups and downs of the 70s and 80s. It's my opinion that many (and I mean, MUCH) comics have raised, okay stolen, so much from this show if not from Sandra herself. I will not name names, but go, people, you and I know who they are. You see, the problem is that Bernhard follows his own rules. This film shows, just like her live performances, that she is an interpreter who has remained faithful to the old school of the show, while pursuing. His performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (in the days of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70s TV shows, intimate cabaret shows and reminiscent gigs from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most of the comedians could not even tell where Sandra was coming from. A year ago, so I was watching Sandra in silent cinema, totally amazed. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that mattered to me and hopefully would like to say something for her. But I'm listening to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and I just thank her in a prayer for making me laugh, making me think, making me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can not deny the talent that rushes on stage. She's still here, fucking, even after the release of Without You I'm Nothing, about fifteen years ago. And she looks great, by the way. I know him very well, walking from the theater, one member of the audience said to another: "She is SO funny and she always looks amazing !!! If you can not live it live, look at this For me, I really hope that Sandra will see that.You had a lot to say for me, it allowed me to go through difficult times.If you can send me an email, please, send it in. Otherwise, knowing that you are still hitting it and will continue to do it is enough for me, go, people, give it up for the lady !!!!
