Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, settles in a big house near a small town, as he teaches at the University of Maine. He is accompanied by his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon, they met their new neighbor and the old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel of the danger that the highway runs past their house (which is constantly being used by big trucks) but family an animal cemetery which is located near their house. Judd begins to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children because she is traumatized by the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week of the week In the new house, Louis must already take care of the dead: Victor Pascow, a student fatally injured in a car accident, addresses his last words to Louis, even though both men are strangers. The night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences a very vivid dream in which he meets Pascow, who drives him to the cemetery and warns Louis not to "go beyond, little whatever you need. " The next morning, Louis woke up in bed, convinced that it was only a dream, until he discovered his feet and sheets covered with earth and pine needles. In any case, he rejects the dream. Many strange things start to happen and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis remains worried about how he's going to talk about Church's death with Ellie, but Judd, sympathetic to him, takes Louis to the pet cemetery, supposedly to bury Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud takes Louis further on a frightening journey to the "real cemetery": an ancient cemetery formerly used by the Micmacs ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis buries the cat on the instructions of Jud, the latter affirming that the buried animals have come back to life. And that's where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I find this film very good. It's not the most horrible of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever watched. The way Gage dies, is almost impossible not to stay in your memory, especially being a toddler. It's nice to see Stephen King's cameo as funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are script errors: How can a rich doctor with two small children live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect each member of his family knowing that they will all remain like monsters? This sort of thing makes no sense, but I can understand that all horror scripts must have surrealistic ideas to work. <br /> <br /> A good thing I saw in this film is the need to talk about death with children, no matter what your religion or atheism, and avoiding important topics. help nothing. Because Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronted her and said that her cat would not come back, the whole nightmare began.
