In the Pet Sematary trivia game, it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two stories of Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was about to be staged and retired. One wonders what he would have brought to the film, because the director Mary Lambert, although not really bad director, does not bring much imagination to this adaptation of the novel of King, of which he wrote the scenario. There are, of course, very effective and very surrealistic scenes (mainly involving Sister Zelda, probably more of a fright for the children who see the film), and the distribution of certain roles is irreproachable. But something seems to be lacking sometimes, a kind of style that could match the undeniable atmosphere of King, which in this case is as morbid as you will get without incestuous cannibals coming out of the graves that have been thrown (who knows he keeps this for his latest novel ...) <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some actors are great, especially Miko Hughes in Gage Creed, the little boy who passes the cutest little children on this side of a Horror movie of the 80s, to be a little monster (I say that as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes wielding some scalpel). And Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who plays this old secret man with fair notes of sub-play and bad tone, also plays a juicy supporting role. And the applause goes to the one who made up Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other faults in the previous casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not great, as Creed, the upset and upset father, and his daughter Ellie are played by an actress who just did not work. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting up some scary sets, only a couple really stands out: some point of thickening the plot (do not mess up, that implies a cool Ramones song ), and the first visit to the semantics of the (largest) pet, including the kind of mystical nuances that King had in the Shining. For the most part, it's a very neat director's job, although it could have been even darker to match the script. Thoughtfully logical (although King), it is really one of his most effective works of his time. But that does not add up as it could or should. Still, it's a nice little midnight movie.
