"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same title. The story follows the Creeds - a middle-class American family who settles in a country house. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their son, Gage. The house could not be better and the family meets a strange but nice old man, Jud, who lives on the other side of the street. He drives them one day to the woods, on an old road, where a pet cemetery rests, filled with an enormous quantity of graves. And just beyond, is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to possess a strange power. When the family's cat, Church, is killed, Louis feels it's time to bury him in the cemetery - and strangely, soon after, Church comes back to life. But he has something wrong with him now, he is not the same cat he was. And when a tragic accident kills the young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he has more than he had planned. <br /> <br /> After reading Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Not to say the film is bad, because it is not - the book is just a little better. The true strength of this film lies in its bizarre and extremely original story, for which King's stories are generally known. The scenario is very well adapted from the story and, although it differs slightly from certain aspects, it is a very good transformation of page to screen. There are some holes in the field here and there, nothing major though. On top of that, this movie is actually pretty scary, and it succeeds in its intention to do it. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the movie, and I must say that the flashback sequence of Rachel's sister, Zelda, is the first. Honestly, it's one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bloody, but it's just disgusting. One thing is certain, this image will not leave your head any time soon. <br /> <br /> The performances of this film were all up to par and I really had no problem. This film is actually on the bloody side, there are plenty of small unpleasant sequences to please all gore hounds, including the shock of an end. I really liked the way they ended the film. It was abrupt and somewhat conclusive, but it worked better in this way. All things Considered. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that I 'll recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. The story is the greatest asset of the film and it is scary too. One of the best adaptations of Stephen King, I would say. 7/10.
