The Ring was created from the only script written by Hitchcock and proposes, as do many of his first images, a love triangle. At first glance, this sounds like a more cynical update of comedies on morality on the theme of Cecil B. De Mille's infidelity, but more than that, this is the first truly competent image of Hitchcock. Although he did not yet use the ideas and motives of thrillers thrillers, he developed at least tools to create suspense. <br /> <br /> In addition to studying the German expressionist style, the rhythmic Sergei Eisenstein's editing style had an impact on Hitchcock. But here he keeps the tempo not only with the changes, but also with the content of the images. This is what emerges from the first shots, where rides turned towards the exhibition grounds brilliantly set a harmonious tempo. And like Eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest the sound ?? for example, when the ringing tone rings in a fraction of a second, we hear the sound almost unconsciously, because the picture is so discordant. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, especially with the silent films of the US, in that The Ring is not cluttered with too many title cards. As often as possible is illustrated with images and Hitch has enough confidence in the audience to read the lips or at least deduce the meaning of the biggest speech characters. And this is not done by an artificial or excessive symbolism, but by obtaining the right angles and timing, especially with point-of-view shots, as well as strong and subtle performances. Unfortunately there are too few obvious Expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which were useless, but there are far fewer than in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorable mentions for the aforementioned actors. First, Carl Brisson, incredibly handsome and very talented, plays the lead role. Despite his talent, I did not understand why he had this role. To be honest, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But it shows how much I know, because it turns out that Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in the theater. His rival, Ian Hunter, is a competent man, who had a long career in supporting roles until the sixties. The most demanding role in The Ring must be that attributed to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. She does very well, however, with an emotional and discreet performance, and it's a shame that her career did not last at the time of sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker provides comic relief in what is probably his best role. <br /> <br /> The ring's extreme fighting scene is one of the most impressive moments of Hitchcock, an era of silence. Martin Scorcese may have set his sights on The Ring when he directed the fight scenes in Raging Bull, his password being "Stay in the ring". The fight in The Ring begins with fairly regular long shots, but as the action intensifies, Hitchcock drops us in the middle, with close-ups and shots from the point of view. The goal of Hitchcock always seems to have been to involve his audience. This was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success often lies in the spectator's immersion in the character's fear or paranoia. <br /> <br /> The Ring deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger. It is a much more refined and professional work than the previous photo, and probably the best of all its silent features.
