I consider myself to be the # 1 fan of Hidden Frontier, since I'm part of a rather small fan group that has met most of these guys - well, not to mention the conventions, of course. I have been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001 and I must say that I continue to be impressed by what they have imagined. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his own studio, Areakt Pictures, which operates in the back room of his house. Although not as "sophisticated" as, for example, the series based on TOS New Voyages (which sometimes includes some actors / writers of the original series, such as Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and the actors and the HF team succeed in creating a series worthy of replacing this horrible experience that we have called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful plot was the introduction of Star Trek's first openly homosexual character, Corey Aster (who was introduced in the second season), and his quest to find a soul mate. Somewhere later in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, the chief officer of Excelsior's Trill. In the recent stories of these two characters (WARNING: MAJOR SPOILER! Do not read if you have not watched the series at this point!), Zen is associated with an exiled symbiote, which causes many changes and some conflicts in his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain - as the most recent episode, "Beachhead", was just introduced to HF fans in the chat room last night - I think this relationship will last, but only the time will tell us. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story speaks more of his characters than vivid space battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and that's what made this show as popular as it is. As mentioned in the previous comment, I would like to be able to give it a score higher than 10, but that will have to suffice. Although next season will be the last - following the tradition of Star Trek's seven-season series - the next generation - I'm willing to bet we'll hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after the last episode.
