As a fan of author John Le Carre, I slowly flipped through his books and adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of Le Carré's masterpiece at the library of my city and I sat down to watch it thinking that I would know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my expectations were exceeded in this miniseries, a perfect compromise between spy thriller and human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a superb performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. In the long tradition of the strong main characters of the Square, Pym is also probably the best. Egan plays Pym (which actually contains many shades of author Le Carre) as a man forced to spend all his life betraying and betraying, sometimes by circumstance and sometimes simply to survive, with the consequence of becoming "a perfect spy" . Egan plays Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not others, but of himself. Egan alone devotes about six hours to this miniseries of his performance. <br /> <br /> The film around Egan is fantastic. Ray McAnally performs one of his best performances as the father of Rick's scammer, Rick, who, as Carre says, is heavily based on the author's father. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of the makers of Pym's transformation into "a perfect spy". In fact, without the performance of McAnally a year later, in A Very British Coup, it would be the best performance of his career unfortunately too short. <br /> <br /> The rest of the media is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as his espionage mentor for Rüdiger Weigang as a friend of the young Pym become controller of Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the cast is fantastic. A special mention must be made to the three young actors who played the young Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who created the young man who would become the man so well played By Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the mini-series are also high. As the adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People mini-series prove, these stories can only be told as mini-series. The locations are excellent, from English sites to sites scattered in Eastern Europe and the United States, as well as Chris Edwards sets. Elmer Cossey's cinematography adds an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. The scenario of the miniseries lies in the scenario. <br /> <br /> The screenwriter Arthur Hopcraft took on the task of adapting the novel of about six hundred pages in an excellent manner. The novel was largely (at least initially) autobiographical in that Pym's youth echoed much of John the Square's life. The scenario of this mini-series is no exception to the rule as it traces the development of Magnus Pym boy to "a perfect spy." Once, the miniseries does not deviate from its objective to tell a quality human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If you ever want the evidence that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having a single fight, a fight in the fist or a James Bond car chase, that would be the proof. Although the mini-series lasts more than six hours, it's never wasting a minute and that's good for her. <br /> <br /> Although this may be excessive for some, for those who do not have a very short attention span, here is one to see. From performances by Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to delicate production values ​​and a refined literary scenario, A Perfect Spy is one of the best television series to look forward to. It's a fascinating journey into the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a journey in what John the Square called "the secret way": the path of the spy, the man who must lie and betray to survive. As much a human drama as a spy thriller A perfect spy should not be missed.
