I have the whole series Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (editions completely restored) and I do not get tired of watching them. My favorite is "Tarzan and His Mate", entirely (or almost) because of Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and occasional splinters of her genitals under the leather flap hanging from the front. Before anyone pretends that A - It was not really her, or B - It was not really what it looks like, let me tell you that I've watched it many times, in high zoom mode, and Believe me ... IT'S HER AND she's completely naked under this costume ... many times, especially during the lion's attack at the end, a slow-motion observation and a maximum zoom will indicate that she has shaved, with the exception of a tiny strand of black hair that covers his lips ... There is no mistake about it. As for the swimming scene, being a double in a "skin" suit, yes, it's a double, BUT she does not wear a "skin" suit or anything else ... yet once, the slow motion and the maximum zoom shows everything to those who want to see it. Now that this controversy is out, let's go to the current movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly ... The action sequences were just great, although it's obviously a stunt rider riding the rhino, Weissmuller is really fighting the big male lion ... The use of background shots that were the second unit of Africa is mixed very well with American studios and sites, which sometimes makes it difficult to say which is which. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of ALL movies are fictitious, so relax and enjoy with a large bowl of popcorn, chilled beer and a pack of fresh cigarettes ... small willing friend / wife is not offline either ... lol. Oh ... a last word about nudity ... at the very beginning, while the white hunters are talking, keep your eyes on the background extras ... there are many good shots of naked african girls (visibly shot on the spot) behind them. One last thing, the film is not racist by standards from the 1930s until the 1960s ... that is how people of color were perceived and represented at the time. We had not even thought of Shaft at that time, and the audience would never have accepted any other representation of it in history. Safaris actually used aboriginals carrying luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died of a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was only when Gene Autry treated American Indians and the color peoples of his western real human beings that Hollywood began to understand that it was acceptable to do so.
