Tarzan and his mate (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I did not see when I was a child. It seemed boring. Now I saw it. I saw the monkey man (1932) a hundred times and I keep a copy on my record. It's a remarkable film. It's almost flawless. Tarzan and his companion (1934) are hesitant, however. It is not harmonic and its parts tend to live their own life. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great. Big budget expensive. Tarzan himself is co-starred. Jane dominates. She grew up and became such a sexy jungle girl that I tend to forget the critics and sing her praises instead. Well. She let her be fooled by a pot that kissed him a kiss and then murdered an elephant. She insists that Tarzan wear a bracelet belonging to his father. Forever. The thing would break when he was busy doing business in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone finds him in the river. It is supposed to prove that Tarzan is dead. A cheap drama. The pots that have an obvious interest for a dead Tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. She takes their words for granted and wants to be taken away (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how hard Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane leaves. Another pothole. She could easily rest the caravan for a few hours or more, pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. She could dive where they found the floating bracelet, check the banks for traces. She can fire in 15 seconds and swing at Liana. Picking up tracks should not be too difficult for Jane, the jungle. She could talk to the monkeys, etc. If she went home to England without having done so, she would become miserable. Jane is smart but the cheap drama makes her fall. And why the devil let the rapist kiss with "I blame you as much as you". A punishment for being alive maybe? Absurdity. The fight, a hard slap and tell Tarzan would be appropriate. Again. This film is far from being bad, even if the potholes are numerous and sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
