"Tarzan and his companion", the second of MGM's paintings for Tarzan, are repeated a year after the events of "Tarzan, the monkey man". Tarzan and Jane live in the jungle and Harry Holt (one of the members of the first film) is back, this time accompanied by the less honorable Martin Arlington, in search of ivory from the elephant cemetery. Naturally, various perilous and exciting adventures take place all along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film broke everything: jungle, adventure, romance itself, wild animals and even death. The second film still has a lot of romance and wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone underlies the action. The characters dare to ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she found herself alone in the middle of the jungle and had to fend for herself? Although these are probably the questions that real people would ask themselves in this situation, it creates a certain darkness that is not always as fun as the attitude of throwing wind to the wind of the original. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in the relationship between Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks very little English, but he has clearly learned some new words from his companion. Plus, their love for each other has really blossomed and we feel they have spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people consider that "Tarzan and his companion" are superior to the original "Tarzan the Monkey Man". Personally, I liked the first film a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holt team and Martin Arlington is not as nice as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) of origin. Mr. Arlington's character might have been a big villain, but he's been playing the hero for far too long in the movie. The film can never decide whether to love or hate it. (Also, I do not want to reveal anything, but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate her, Jane never discovers the existence of these events, so the end is not as good as she could have been. to be.) All these detractors are relatively minor, however, and it's still a good movie. <br /> <br /> Like the first film, "Tarzan and his companion" contains amazing action scenes, beautiful animal sequences and one of the greatest novels of all time. If you liked the first movie in the series, it's really a sequel to see.
