This superbly realized fantasy is the second in the very popular Tarzan series published by MGM. I suggest a first class adventure for many reasons: top-quality photography, strong imaginative, charming cast, good places in the simulated jungle and a very exciting storyline. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic and uneducated genre, unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he must be so during this story. As Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, just as she is sporty where the screenplay calls for that quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and clever sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM back-lot that really works. The fabulous Escarpment of Mutir is a remote place that allows Tarzan and Jane to live in peace. but in their idyll, come the people who seek among them, the emissaries of a civilization that Jane left behind and in which Tarzan could not be used. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with his friend tries to return to civilization with him; the dress and perfumes interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her from several wild animals, in scenes that resemble a humanized king king. The group claims to want to hunt the animals, and Tarzan agrees, for Jane's sake, to practice big game trapping. but at a given moment, the idea of ​​ivory and obtaining a fortune turns the heads of the expedition. Tarzan is slaughtered, left for dead; and the band forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous "elephant cemetery". But they find the area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rides an elephant which he has restored in time to call; in a very spectacular scene filled with elephants, he saves Jane and what's left of the expedition, who return home a little richer but much wiser, while Jane continues her wild romance with her new husband. The film was directed by the scenery magician, Cedric Gibbons, and very nicely too. His work and lighting are the remarkable achievements of this entertaining and exciting film, which manages to appear real despite all its shortcomings in Hollywood from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he turns out to be completely bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry complete a small distribution in a very professional way. An unusual and well-made fantasy film, with interesting situations and strong dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
