The assassination of Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play entitled Machinal. Even more famous, James M. Cain was inspired by the writing of two short novels that anyone who reached the point of reading this article - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became 1940s film noir classics, and Double Indemnity is arguably the most perfect black ever made. Some of the real elements of Snyder-Gray's story were captured by Cain - the old age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high sexual desire, Ruth's passionate liaison with Judd with the murder and that famous clause double indemnity. Among the missing elements, there was the fact that the current setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected editor. The numerous unsuccessful and unsuccessful attempts were also ignored in order to go hunting. <br /> <br /> Cain's Double Indemnity was perfectly filmed by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents from the film's tradition! The postman has always sounded twice, however, was filmed three times and Ossessione, Italian version and first film of Luchino Visconti, was the first of three versions. Before making a comment, I will recommend the Lana Turner - John Garfield version of 1946 in its entirety, as well as five minutes of Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange's 1981 version, for the stunning sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as dark as the postman always sounds twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look, making it an excellent movie, but it lacks a lot of essential elements to black. It does not have discreet lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard, but the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of history and goes deep in characterization. It's also much more sexual than Lana Turner's version. We have a very obvious adultery and Giovanna is very clearly a nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced into the story - La Spagnola - with obvious homosexual nuances. There is also a small role, but very well played, for a dancer who prostitutes himself black. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than crime. The public really feels poverty and filth. The vagabond is a complete tramp, the woman is not Lana Turner and could even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the cast was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is with too long running time. Everything is too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical. Nevertheless, fans of black and realism will certainly love Ossessione, as I did.
