The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had the same kind of impact as THE MATRIX, or THE LORD OF THE RINGS, at a time when cinema and radio were the main sources of entertainment . Tarzan became an icon of instant pop, the "noble savage" on which all women fantasized and which every man would have wished to be. The only person who was unhappy with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while accepting MGM's creative freedoms and appreciating his heavy royalty checks, felt that the "stunned" version of his character (no plans to let him) grow up ') was unfaithful to his vision (he was going to create a production company and was soon going to shoot his own' Tarzan 'movies). MGM, realizing the value of his new "star", knew that the sequel should be even more spectacular than the original ... and that TARZAN AND HIS MATE were at the rendezvous! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting story; Before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, Cedric Gibbons, the legendary art director of MGM, had committed to directing the sequel. Despite the fact that he had never done it before (the studio did not anticipate the impact of the film), and did not think that a novice director would import much for a "novelty" movie (and they wanted their department head, who won an Oscar, be happy). Gibbons, a visual artist with prodigious and imaginative flair, loved the freedom of Hollywood pre-Code and decided to let TARZAN AND HER MATE "push the envelope" to the extreme ... Tarzan and Jane frolic in a nudity , and Jane would appear TOPLESS through most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death, in 1998, that even if a double was used for swimming, she trusted the studio and shot "a few days" of shooting without high ... but that has become too much migraine trying to strategically place the plants and fruits to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film shot those days would be worth a fortune!) She made a nude silhouette scene in a tent, she flashed her breasts at the conclusion of her "swim" and donned a revised "jungle" costume that was extremely challenging, very thin and open to the sides ... and the resulting outcry would help to "create" the Hays office and self-censorship that would soon engulf the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM withdrew Gibbons from production (the "official" reason being his workload as artistic director), and veteran Jack Conway was named new director, to appease critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the film, Conway being busy with three other projects, including VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film incorporates the best elements of the original (safaris, murderous tribes, Tarzan fighting to death the jungle beasts to save Jane) and improved storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), of the first film, returns to Africa to look for ivory in the "elephant cemetery" and to try to convince Jane to return to England, with gifts of silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), an inveterate womanizer, who sneers at Holt's chivalrous pursuit of Jane, and hounds her as a potential "conquest," by whatever means (including killing Tarzan , if and when he can get away without being seen). <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane and sets foot, refusing to allow hunters to go to the cemetery. Arlington finds his opportunity, catching the monkey man alone, then pulling him, then returns to the camp with a story invented of his disappearance. Now, Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and she can direct them to the cemetery, before her long journey back to England, comforted by the so compassionate Arlington. But a wild tribe and hideous torture await the group ... Can Tarzan be healed by his "family" of great apes to recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While archival footage is again being used intensively, the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are evident, and gorillas are obviously actors in monkey costumes, TARZAN AND HIS MATE reached a level of sophistication unparalleled in any other Tarzan movie, as well as a sexy side that even Bo Derek is erotically erotic. , The APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in perfect physical shape, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful and 'Africa' had never been so romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND MATE was a triumph (although it was radically edited for many years), and remains THE classic of the series, to this day!
