Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps, with Iphigenia, the first director to have managed to stage the sensation of the ancient Greek theater. His own scenario, an adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was far from easy, compared to the two other films in the trilogy he directed. The narrative has been carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a strictly chronological logical framework, better adapted to modern methods of cinematographic narrative. Cacoyannis also added to his film characters who do not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Ulysses, Calchas and the army. This was done in order to clarify some Euripides points regarding war, church and government. Finally, the end of Cacoyannis in Iphigenia is somewhat ambiguous compared to that of Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot on site at Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a robust but beautiful Greece, where, since the Homeric era, time seems to have stopped. He enjoys bodies, arid land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly suited to the souls of the characters. The camera uses the full range of shots available, from the very long, enhancing the immensity and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human size involved, to the extremely close, dissecting and plunging deep into the souls of tormented characters . . In particular, the beginning of the film, with a bold and accelerated pursuit along a line of stranded boats, followed by an aerial view of several thousand soldiers lying on the beach, is a very effective way of communicating the formidable fight political and military of Agamemnon. responsibility. <br /> <br /> No words, but "sublime" can not describe the superb performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the sublime of classical Greek tragedy. The Kazakos character is extremely down-to-earth, and his powerful gaze in the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torment that is tearing his soul apart. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classical Greek plays. At Iphigenia, she is terrible in her anguish, and even more so in what we know to be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, is remarkable in her portrait of the innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with the austere description of her father, Agamemnon, by Kazakos. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his representation Among the other characters: Ulysses is a sly and intriguing politician, Achilles, a vain and narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is egocentric, obsessed by his honor, eager to take revenge and to see his wife and his property restored. <br /> The costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood there. The quarters of Agamemnon resemble a barn, he dresses, like the others, in a utility garment, hand-woven and simple. The royal caravan of Clytemnestra is composed of wooden carts sided. <br /> <br /> The music is written by the prolific composer Mikis Theodorakis. The score of Theodorakis intensifies the dramatic and cinematographic development, reflects on the psychological aspect of the tragedy and accentuates the dimensions and the actuality. <br /> <br /> This film and its narrative offer considerable insight into the lost world of the ancient Greek thought was the crucible of much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism in relation to the simple virtues of family and love and reflects on the vulnerable position of women in a world of virile violence. In his adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis revisits all these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relationships that govern political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor has been tarnished by the abduction of his wife with his lover, everyone has his own motivation to go to war against Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (the army, Ulysses), or glory (Achilles). In fact, Helen became the weapon of mass destruction of the Trojan War. War, devoid of any Homeric glamor and of any Homeric religious sanction, was only an imperialist project, stimulated mainly by the desire to obtain a material gain, the rest constituting a convenient pretext. <br /> <br /> Another conflict mentioned in the film is the following: between Church and State. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels the challenge to his priestly authority and wishes to destroy Agamemnon for insulting the goddess he serves, telling him to sacrifice his daughter. By consenting to the sacrifice, the king gets closer to his moral loss, but by refusing, he loses his power over the masses (his army), subjected to brainwashing by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king has to accept this masquerade, whether he believes sincerely or not in Gods, until he realizes too late that he let himself be trapped for commit a heinous filicide. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the primitive and violent horror of a human sacrifice - and, even worse, the sacrifice of one's own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is both deeply political and distressing. It addresses the most complex and delicate ethical problem facing any society: the disastrous conflict that exists between the needs of the individual and those of society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical narrative of Abraham and Isaac, the father is invited to kill his own child, with his own hand. What kind of God would insist on such a payment? Can it be right or moral, even if divinely inspired? Finally, does the sacrificial death of the girl differ from the death of all sons and daughters sent to war? These are many profound questions raised by a two-hour film.
