Well, I learned from somewhere that Assessione is a precursor of the kind of Italian film and one of my favorites, the "Giallo" ... but in reality, apart from the fact that it's a thriller that was made in Italy; the two have almost no relationship. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers made a name for stealing just about every successful American film. They have not done it here yet, but Ossessione follows almost exactly the same story as that of the latest American film "The Factor is Always Right Twice", without giving credit to the author of the book, James M. Cain! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a beautiful vagabond who stumbles upon a coffee shop where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe. an annoying fat man, whom Giovanna can not bear to touch her. He wants the two to run away together, but she does not like the idea. However, fate eventually intervenes and her plan to murder her husband is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses its credibility for not having credited the author of the story on which it is based, it must be said that the director Luchino Visconti applies the film noir style well and, in a way, I even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the greatest classics of American black . The story is, as one might expect, extremely strong and the Visconti manages to draw good performances from his cast. Visconti drags the film a bit too much, however, and with a duration of almost 135 minutes, I had the impression that the story was too thin to deserve such length. I feel almost guilty of writing all of these critics in Ossessione because it's a good movie, but it's not a "good" movie. The relationship between the two central characters is never really explored properly, and it seems that the film has the taste to distract us rather than let us fall into the heads of the characters. The plot does not have much mystery, because we almost always know what is going on and do not always focus on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. That said, it's an interesting viewing and is recommended for that reason ... though it's not as good as the 1946 version of James M. Cain's classic.
