This film is a scam of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS ALWAYS. Apparently, the director and the producer never cared to pay for the rights of this story - perhaps the fact that we were fighting the Italians during the Second World War could explain their forgetfulness of taking into account the Copyright! Despite this, the film is not really an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it's a lot better, and in other respects it's definitely not the case. <br /> <br /> The three main characters of this film are really very ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit disgusting. The male leash is quite ordinary except for its abundant hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and his feminine love is, frankly, unattractive. They are very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the unhappy husband is really, really obese and likes to walk around shirtless - and his counterpart in the American film, Cecil Kellaway, is certainly more beautiful (and probably more beautiful than the other two Italian films). And this lack of appeal is usually a reason why I preferred the Italian film because I could not imagine a finely coiffed "dish" like married Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway - I'm 100 sure % it would have had dozens of better deals! While the Italian woman would NOT really have been able to do much better and that made the marriage really believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the brutal way in which he treats sex. The cleansed American film tries to make you believe that even if Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never engage in sex! It's pretty silly and totally unrealistic. In addition to the occasional sexuality of the film, it's also quite casual to show the dark side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a fly band hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to have need a bath. <br /> <The film is also quite fast compared to the long American film. And what you get because of the brevity is not quite good. The film lacks much of the style and finish of the American film - with more granular images, orchestration and relatively mediocre decorations. It's certainly not a pretty film, but the neo-realistic style makes the film more realistic. But that can not compensate for the shortcuts of the plot. Most elements of the plot of the most recent American version are either totally absent or overlooked. And the end seems much less interesting than the American film - and lacks the dilemma of human nature when Turner and Garfield face each other like rats (the best part of the American film). <br /> <br /> what is the best movie? It probably depends a lot on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too refined and unrealistic (although many like this style and may not like watching subtitles), but its conclusion is excellent. And the Italian movie was much, much more realistic - until the end of shit that seemed too hasty. So, no movie is really great, but I would wink at the Italian one, which is a bit better. Too bad they could not combine the best elements of the two films in an exceptional film.
