Today's viewers will probably watch a movie like Ossessione and not consider how unprecedented it was when it was released. The structure of the film really stands out from the Hollywood conventions that appeal to the sap, as well as other major theatrical elements. It is based more on a very dark and sober representation of reality. Films of this nature - neo-realistic films - were designed to reflect the darkness felt after the Second World War. Ossessione deals with fairly provocative topics that were probably unknown on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Aside from the crane and some moments of musical swelling, the aesthetic of the film is very raw and rough: shot on the spot, uses natural lighting and mostly non-popular actors. All these elements helped to convey the problems discussed in the film and gave the following theme: the negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> The two leaders, Gino and Giovanna, are polar opposites. but both carry the mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a vagabond; a single traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife, married to marital status: she does not want to leave her house and her husband, but prefers to stay where she is because it is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna will aspire to; the only difference is that she is too scared to live it herself. That's why she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants but does not have the courage to get it. She wants to live in a world without the monotony of living with her corpulent husband - Gino is the ideal ticket to enter this world. The ensuing case between the two parties probably leaves the public in the 1940s feeling uncomfortable. I mean, pre-neo-realistic movies have never shown such outrageous behavior on the screen before. At least, it was probably a bit alarming. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the theme, the neorealist style helps to show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. In summary, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressing lives and ultimately to death. When Gino and Giovanna conspire to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma haunts them like a plague once the act is done. They go home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as you would expect from the neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband, they would lead a happier life, but they were fooled. The film ends with Giovanna's death - it's like a karmic resemblance to her husband's death. I think it's a very satisfying end for a number of reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is much talk about whether or not the harm should be portrayed on the screen and, if so, to what extent. I think that portraying evil is very necessary if and only if the evil depicted is not glorified, but rather shows the negative consequences that evil deeds have. As requested by the subtext of Ossessione, is adultery and murder an evil? I think the film impatiently replies yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, towards the end of the film, when they seem to be cured of their depression and we see them snuggling against each other in the car, the film's author shows that their happiness is actually a facade : the car hangs. off the cliff and into the river, killing Giovanna; the police stop Gino. I think the author intended to say that even though people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, karma will eventually haunt them. I agree. I think both had what was waiting for them because they were both incredibly selfish - always looking for instant gratification and not wanting to endure hard times. This was particularly clear after the first signs of difficulty encountered by Gino and Giovanna in their relationship: he can not bear the pressure of living in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is the characteristic of the insatiable and hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie seemed very risky for its time. However, the public was ready to see such a film because of the sobriety of the war. We no longer believed these pre-war and happy films. Cinema audiences were ready to see and contemplate difficult movies with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so-called "sin" because it reflected their own life issues. Ossessione acts as a formidable catalyst to guide the future of the film. In other words, it can be said that many of the naturalism works we see today have been influenced by the neorealist motion picture.
