Nowadays, when people hear about a 1940s drama, they usually seem to be creating an ironic distance, claiming that it is another tearful who has big stars at the head of tragic and melancholic roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neorealist films, especially that of Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE, in its early days censored and beloved as a realistic masterpiece, is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The contradictory opinions on the film that appeared during these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, particularly controversial for modern times as for the past. At the same time, while drawing on James M. Cain's THE POSTMAN RING TWING RINGS TWICE, it is one of the most authentic screen adaptations where the director remains his own style, his vision , his own art. I saw the film twice and the second viewing led me to a very detailed analysis that I would like to address below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti's film seems to touch on all the psychology and actions that people can do. in life, especially those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a traveler with "bear like shoulders" comes to the crossroads of a highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there to have a meal, Gino is looking for something more - much more: the untiring desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). ). His body and his song totally possess his spirit and from the moment they had their first love, the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, are people obliged to commit bad actions in the face of desire? Can we build love on murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to a dangerous dependence or even an obsession? Such questions arise intensely when watching the film, when, essentially, the viewer is informed of the characters. "We must love each other affectionately," Giovanna answers, apparently giving treatment to all crying conscience, but can eager love justify and heal everything? "Is not that what we both want," said one of the couples ... it turns out that's not the case. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed with intelligence and heart. However, it remains a constant source of reflection. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful cinematography, which go hand in hand with memorable sequences and visual power. These make the modern viewer understand that a film made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots. Who can possibly ignore this moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), a dancer Anita and buys her ice cream. His wishes indicate a totally different direction ... Do the spectators remain indifferent to the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna? The camera focuses first on the legs of Giovanna, who apparently represents the carnal desire for the love that Gino feels. A marvel of striking is Gino and Giovanna coming out of the investigation room and the close-up of their shadows that directs our attention to their suspicious look. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can boast of outstanding performances from both the main pair and the support cast. In an interview, Massimo Girotti said that working in this film was one of the most difficult tasks he has done; yet, as a result, the result is a flawless action game. It describes a bisexual man torn by desires who commits a crime but does not support any objects that remind him of his victim, who represents his conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in very surprising circumstances in the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was chosen to play the role after the refusal of the eminent Anna Magnani, fits the role very well and we can pretend that there is a real chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I loved Juan De Langa as Bragana: he represents an elderly husband, who is not affectionate for his wife and who is always keen on high art. In some of his most spiritual moments, he asks his wife to wash her back or walk the deserted streets by singing her favorite opera songs after some kind of karaoke show. <br /> <br /> In summary, we, modern viewers who are capable of critical view, must watch this film very objectively. It is an art, of course, thanks to the aforementioned aspects, it is also a powerful story thanks to the controversy which it arouses; yet, is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said he was not carrying any message for humanity. In this case, his films would only entertain (which, of course, is not quite in the style of Fellini). Visconti always had something to transmit. What did he mean here? Is the film against bad marriage? Or is it against the bad deeds of people absorbed by desire? The last shocking moments are said. Even if you do not agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic film, one of the best in Visconti. 8/10
