Ossessione, adapted loosely (or if he is also relaxed or close to the version I saw of The Postman Always Rings Twice Two with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) of Luchino Visconti, his new director, is no less remarkable with the use of staged, music (diegetic and non-diegetic) and acting. I did not know what to expect from Visconti in his approach to the subject, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how his political motives sometimes mingled a little. But it is a drama totally based on character and emotions, on the verge of melodrama (however, without the conventions that would remove the least), and with the style in the most beautiful trajectory of the nascent movement of the film noir , Visconti creates debut as complex as any other neo-realistic film. Neo-realism, moreover, could legitimately be considered as an ancestor (with The children watch us De Sica), which would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more at stake here than in some of the neo-realists' most famous efforts, they are treated in a pure and simple way, and are related to other familiar themes of neo-realism (the lower class, death). , despair). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story, as it is described on this site, the artistic talent with which Visconti captures the images, then superimposes objects (a shawl on the profile of Gino Costa in case of guilt), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the film's later scenes (usually those of Gian and Giovanna), as well as the feel of Italian streets in many outdoor scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would play some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help to envision the look of Ossessione, who usually approaches a character, then stops to read as much emotion on their faces, their voices and their manners. charming. ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just figured out how much the film itself was moving me forward, even though I was worried about the future of both films. The two main actors (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) describe all the convincing, truthful and quasi-operatic emotions, and the main supporting actors are equally devoid of their attributes. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant and overwhelming adaptation, which is a striking indicator of what would happen to Visconti in his career.
