Watching "Ossessione" today - more than six decades later - remains a landmark experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema and more specifically in the way Italian filmmakers have changed the cinema forever (about "Ossessione" and "I Bambini Ci" from De Sica "Guardano", both in 1943, until 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti made an astonishing directorial debut inspired by the (uncredited) script of "The Factor Always Rings Twice" to guide the development of his own themes. <br /> <br /> He strikes us again today in the way he is ahead of his time "Ossessione" was. Shot in Fascist Italy during the Second World War (think about it!), It showed scenes and themes that led to the film's immediate ban on movie theaters - as well as the fact that used the plot of a famous American novel and paid no copyright did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" alarmingly reveals Italy torn apart by poverty (far from the idealized Italy described in the fascist films "Telefoni Bianchi"); but it is also extremely daring in his sexual frankness, with the handsome shirtless Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitively precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire") who takes Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to reads just 5 minutes later. meet. We observe Calamai's unpretentious and ungraspable undressing and the subtle but undeniable homosexual allusions between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very seductive actor, his face resembling that of Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945) . years!) ... In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as tirelessly as it has ever been shown, if ever, in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save an impression and when the film was republished after the war, most critics called him a leader of the neo-realistic movement, preceding Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià". . Other critics, perhaps more aptly, have seen in "Ossessione" the Italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti had been Renoir's assistant), notably "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour Rises" and "Pépé le Moko" by Julien Duvivier. <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" is perhaps neorealistic in its visual language (the representation of the wartime Paesan life in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, incendiaries, crooks, etc.), the characters and themes were already decidedly viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessed, avid characters, by social / political / sexual apartheid, by the decadence of elites than by the characters and realistic themes of everyday life, favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione", we already find elements of drama and tragedy developed later in many of his films, notably "Senso" (the definitive departure of Visconti from the neo-realistic aesthetic) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his most neo "Realist", "La Terra Trema", he takes his fishermen from everyday characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of the great artists whose ensemble of works addresses, analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns, from beginning to end, regardless of whether the setting, the context or the setting of time can change - Visconti can play with the frame but the themes and the essence of his art is obsessively recurrent. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: you will surely be fascinated by this innovative and powerful film.
