Wow! The kind of film that you can watch ten times and whose nuances always delight you. Absolutely amazing! If it was Visconti's first film, I shudder to think about what would happen if he did better from one movie to another. The only other document I saw (at the time of writing) is Death in Venice - which was absolutely amazing: visually brighter than Ossessione (Obsession). One of the most beautiful films I've ever seen, but its story has not been as complex as Assisi. If you click on "various" links on this page, there are still images of the movie on these sites. They will not really do justice to the experience of the film: so graceful camera movements, such a beautiful composition, so wonderful faces, such terrible characters, a development of history so fantastic, the first film adapted from " The Postman Always Rings "by James M Cain. Two times. "<br /> <br /> I can not believe it was done in 43 years, eight years before Brando was supposed to have introduced to the world the realistic game with Streetcar Named Desire (1951). -being not used the technique of the method, that is, they may not have felt everything themselves (I do not know anything about it) - but they are among the best, the most More authentic and more realistic performances to date in the cinema.In addition, eight years before Streetcar Named Desire brings a new sensuality to the screen, Ossessione was sensually electrifying! The most sensual thing since the beginning of cinema! Yes I'm a superlative, but Ossessione was really great. <br /> <br /> The reason why Ossessione did not provoke the impact of Streetcar is that it was made in a fascist Italy and banned by Mussolini cut in America, the American public did not see any has glory until 59 years old, eight years after the tramway. <br /> <br /> I will not say more - I write to tell you that this is one of the best, most beautiful and most exciting movies I've ever seen, and you to say go out and see him! Like another reviewer, I'll buy it as soon as I can find it!
