Visconti's first feature film, Ossessione, is an adaptation of the film The Factor Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain. Now I do not know this book or the other versions of the film, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (more than I'm a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version). Both news seem to be very similar. Both involve an illicit love story in which a voracious woman complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and mean to her. Giovanna, the wife of this Italian version very well played by Clara Calamai, is not as badly embodied as the woman of Double Indemnity, but she looks very spoiled. Her husband (a superb performance of Juan de Landa) is a little cruel to her, but she strikes me as if she were at least as uncompromising with him. He is older than her and unattractive, so she is rather fickle. When Gino arrives, a muscular young man, he needs about five minutes to put him to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with him forever, but she is stuck with her husband. They separate at first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, though intentionally vague) plan to murder the husband. They succeed and return to the woman's hometown to run the bar her husband owned. Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is to sit in the same place all his life. Their relationship crumbles quickly. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it lasts a little too long. At two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not, for my life, understand how it took so long! This is partly due to the neorealistic stylistics that Visconti was inventing in this film. After all, it was the first movie to win this label. We see much of the action going on as in real life, without any hurry to the next point of the plot. I've seen a lot of Visconti movies, and the only one I like better than this one is Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is still good, the camera moving brilliantly and the perfect editing. I also feel the need to highlight the best performance of the film, Dhia Christiani as a young dancer (exotic) and part-time prostitute named Anita, whom Gino meets after starting to break with Giovanna. She's only in the movie for five or six minutes and she only has a few lines. It is shocking to see how much Visconti and Christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
