I was sitting alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the choice of watching CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the Americans who will read this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from all the countries of Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries vote to see what was the best song. It's a competition that's even less exciting than it sounds and it may not be a shock to say that singing and writing songs is not of the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this article because the word "Choice" is misleading because being a music lover, I would never look at TESC. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as follows: the credits obtained for CITIZEN X expect a series of serial murders, but I would like to mislead everyone. This is evident in the first 10 minutes of the event CITIZEN X. The film shows the failures of communism: "A comrade killer serial killers! In the Soviet Union, serial killers can exist only in capitalist imperialist systems Decadent "This wacky attitude goes well beyond denial, there is a scene where a policeman He sits in an icy station and monitors potential suspects while wearing his police jacket, because it's his only warm coat! And of course, all the suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without interrogation, which will affect the final result. All this is very well done, because we are shown that it is the system of the Communist Party which is the subject of a trial, but we are about two thirds of CITIZEN X in 1990, while communism is end of force and that reforms of the police investigation took place. . It is at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext and that the film falls into a hunt for the average man. CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well performed by the cast, notably by Donald Sutherland as paternal police chief. <br /> <br /> Strangely, a few years ago, I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something along the line that serial killers let themselves be caught so that they are the center of attention in the media spotlight, and I found myself almost sympathetic to party leaders who denied the existence of a serial killer in the newspaper. Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party and all those who are old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read the English translations of Pravda know that the USSR has reported only information such as the harvest of apples from land, coal production and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet assistance. Becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I suppose that if a tree falls in an isolated Siberian forest, it will produce a sound although nobody hears it.
