Blood Castle (aka Cry of the Demonic Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best title, but the least exploitative, movie sound, etc.) is a very traditional film of gothic romance. This means that he has great chilling castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious old man, hints of horror and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of the term. It also means that the pace is very voluntary and that the film will work best for horror maniacs who are big fans of understatement. If you like films such as Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but also taste the Spanish and Italian horror of the late 1960s or early 1970s, you may also like Blood Castle . <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional and indeterminate European village. The local population fears him because legend has it that every time she lays a woman, she ends up dying - the consensus is that he places his ferocious dogs on them. This is a problem because the Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman is dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village, asking to be taken to Baron. Dalmar Castle. She is an exceptional person who was hired by the baroness for her expertise in chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady individual (who gets even darker) to take her. Once there, a strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says that she should not be there because she is a woman. Baron Dalmar hesitates about whether to stay or not. She ends up staying, but a bit reluctantly. The baron hired him to try to reverse the effects of severe burns suffered by Baron's brother, Igor. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the baron's brother seems to be just a piece of flesh rotting in a tank of bizarre blackish liquid. In addition, Ivanna has bizarre and hallucinatory dreams. What's going on at the castle? Is the baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to love Blood Castle more than I liked it. As I mentioned, the film is very thoughtful and most of the time very underrated. I can go back and forth with material like this. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of the European horror of the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also like the work of Dario Argento of this period. But sometimes, Blood Castle was moving a little too slowly for me sometimes. There are some big pieces that look like not very exciting conversation scenes, alternating with scenes of Ivanna walking slowly through the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the film is decent. Director José Luis Merino has managed more than decors and decent places, and Emanuele Di Cola is doing quite well. However, Blood Castle has a relatively small budget, and it is a film produced by Roger Corman (which usually means a "quickie" low budget, but often of a surprisingly high quality). Thus, although there is a hint of the luxuriance of the colors of Bava and the intricate decoration of the decorations, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, the fact that the Retromedia print I looked at does not help is like a 30-year-old photo that has been left in the sun too long. It seems "washed out", with a compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> However, Merino and Di Cola sometimes create fantastic visuals. For example, a scene of Ivanna walking in a dark corridor, filmed from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the plot is revealed only by shadows on a wall. There are also some shots of Ingmar Bergmanesque, where the actors are incredibly stuck to involve complex relationships, in addition to just being visually appealing and drawing your gaze deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are pretty good, and the women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity. Schürer then turns several films that are as soft-centered porn as other genres, with titles in English such as Sex Life in a prison for women (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) ) and Erotic Exploits of a sexy seducer (1977). Blood Castle is much more docile, but in addition to nudity, there are still tenuous scenes suggesting rapes and enslavements, and of course scenes mixing sex and death. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here is probably the story, which is very much a slow romance to burn like anything else. The elements of horror, the elements of mystery and a somewhat unexpected turn towards the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story, a couple overcoming various difficulties and antagonisms (often accompanied by threats or physical harm). .
