I remember following Andre Chicatillo's case in the newspapers while living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage while he was being sued in court. In the end, not to protect the members of the court, but to protect the public. It was fascinating, though morbid, to read. I learned later that a film was shot by HBO about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Curiously, CITIZEN X had a limited cinematographic output in South Africa. I went to the local Ster Kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone, my friend at the time was only interested in the likes of STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRENCH TOMATOES FRITES). Wow! What a brilliant film. Why was it not broadcast to a wider audience? If it had not been done for television, it could have been nominated for Oscars or 2. There is no way to ruin the end; who is the killer is never hidden from the public. Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a truly terrifying psychopath. He is calm, dejected, considered a failure by his wife and constantly subjected to the ridicule and humiliation of his superiors at work. By indulging in these horrible acts, he feels strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> Fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played wonderfully by Stephen Rea, in one of his best performances. He must fight against the frantic pace of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources available to it and (especially) the refusal of his superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help must be under the counter. The brilliant Max Von Sydow plays the role of a Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest. This is the first time in the history of Russia that a psychologist is used to build the profile of a serial killer still at large, and he has everything to lose if his involvement is made public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly played, well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film. Excellent support from a horribly underused Imelda Staunton and a real sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a film that deserves to be seen. It was too good to be made for TV
