What makes the best photo equipment? The Oscars are very successful for rewarding overexploited glasses that have aged badly and ignoring the "authors" who would be deified in the decades to come. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Oscars are the selections made by the industry itself, and that's why, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the biggest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. <br /> <br /> The Arthur At this point, the units liberated at the MGM were destined to the glory of the Oscars; It was only a matter of time before Freed, assisted by his most powerful director, Vincente Minnelli, and some of the biggest music stars in the industry, got a Best Picture. Freed had probably done more than anyone to elevate the status of the musical, realizing images mixing history and song without losing the dynamic spectacle of the musicals of the 30s. The important point about the musicals Freed is that the lyrics, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, should not be told or even related to stories. What is important is that the tone of the song and its presentation are adapted to the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two being Singin 'in The Rain and The Band Wagon) that released the existing classic numbers from their original context and made them work in a totally independent story. The words do not match the plot, but the routines match the show. So, when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he has not even had a girl yet, but the way French children join the stage is a very good characterization, and the upbeat melody and dance give the film a little more strength. he needs it at this stage. An American in Paris also uses the rules allowed in the genre to add little unconventional fancy flights, like the series of dances that accompany the description of the character of Leslie Caron. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and pianist? At that time, nobody really knew Technicolor better. While some directors saturated each scene with a color or filled the screen with contrasting shades, Minnelli's color schemes are rigorously controlled, but they never seem forced. In the opening scenes, the tones are quite muted, but not dull, and in particular there is no red. At the coffee meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary, some brighter shades are presented. Then, during the first musical issue, "By Strauss", Minnelli gradually brings touches of red ?? a tablecloth, a bouquet of roses ?? until she ends up dominating, as if the song had awakened the color scheme of the image. For most songs, the colors are choreographed as finely as people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", it keeps the same nuances and opens the space as the song grows and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> The Achilles' The heel of an American in Paris is the story. Personally, I find the romantic angle particularly unpleasant, because it is a last fight for the misogynistic love stories that reigned in the 30s; the stubborn and independent woman is rejected while the sweet and delicate girl is harassed to love the hero. Even if you do not mind, it is difficult to connect emotionally to the story as it is constantly eclipsed by the songs and dances. Compare that to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not really have so many great routines or memorable memorable songs as an American in Paris, but that has a winning scenario. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars, but is now considered a classic of the genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is a form of visual entertainment that encompasses everything, not just a way of telling a story. An American in Paris is neither deep nor engaging nor heartbreaking, but, like a certain photo of DeMille who won first prize the following year, it is certainly a great show.
