The dazzling 17-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 "Un Américain à Paris" for orchestra is an indisputable masterpiece. Accurately choreographed and unmistakably talented by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance always surprises, as the scene is broken down into scenes inspired by selected master artists - Dufy in the opening play of the Place de the Concorde, Manet at the flower market, Utrillo in a street in Paris, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular play at the Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge where Kelly wears his famous white body . The 97 minutes before this final are not as exciting, not far, but there are some charms to watch while watching the Oscar-winning 1951 musical comedy. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and the Writer Alan Jay Lerner has come up with a surprisingly sophisticated, but rather light-hearted, romantic story centered on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of the Second World War in an attempt to make a living as a painter. With his braggadocio style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both ungrateful and irritating as a screen personality, but he seems to find his work in the role of Jerry, carefree. The love triangle plot focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed but sexual predator for young artists. At their first date in a lively nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls in love with Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's fiancée, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's boyfriend, Adam, an unemployed concert pianist. Romantic complications ensue until the inevitable end, but not until several classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of these is the most imitated - a romantic fainting song and a dance "Our love is here to stay" a fake Seine River in a foggy blue fog with yellow fog fires. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron surround each other is transcendent in that they shy away at the beginning, then synchronize beautifully with the music leading to the final training. Few films have shown so elegantly and succinctly that two people fall in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" highlight Kelly's agility dancing taps and pleasant songs, while "Embraceable You" is danced impressively by Caron in a five-scene montage of the full description of Lise by Henri Adam. Designed to show Caron's versatility in dance, the sequence is similar to that of "On the Town" where Vera-Ellen demonstrated her remarkable dancing skills when Kelly's sailor character described her multifaceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <Like Lise, Caron, 19, (in her first film) dances beautifully throughout her career and assumes her role with an unexpressed charm. His talent as an actor must not flourish for many years. Nina Foch, who looks very glamorous, plays an older role in the role of the manipulator Milo and manages to be kind enough to make us fate, while Oscar Levant is only his sardonic character as Adam. Realizing an elegant "I will build a staircase to paradise", George Guétary plays Henry so pleasantly that you feel bad that he loses the girl at the end. It's not MGM's best full-length musical, but there's certainly enough movie magic to make it quite interesting. The DVD 2000 contains a pretty blank impression but few other extras.
