Parsifal (1982) with Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Edith Spar, Clever, Away Haugland and the voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight This 1982 film, Parsifal, Wagner's last masterpiece, Parsifal, written to match Good Friday / Easter and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera House, is from German film school, of the kind that favored tons of symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealist. This film faithfully follows the score and plot, but the way it was filmed and performed is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown of his strange cinematography. Syberberg is known for his controversial films. Before this film, he had released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism, as well as a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This film may be disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but performed by Michael Kutter) is a man throughout the first part of the film and then, after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss, turns into a woman. This sexual element reveals the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan witch stronghold of Klingsor, there are photographs of notoriously sinister characters such as Hitler, Nietzsche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock. The flag of Swaztika hangs outside the fortress. Parsifal travels the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. The girls with the tempting flowers are naked. Kundry is depicted as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). In the end, this film is intended for fans of this kind of weird Germanic / European metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and enthusiasts of Wagner's opera. Indeed, the song is big and convincing. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a concentrated and intense voice that lacks, however, the depth and grandeur of the greatest parsifals on the scene: James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, René Kollo and the current Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exciting Kundry who plunges into her tormented state to perfection. Although the production is certainly unorthodox and as little Wagnerian as possible (Wagner's concept was a ceremonial Christian ceremony with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness becoming a light , etc. typical Wagnerian themes). it's still a nice art-house movie.
