It's an amazing movie to watch or show to young people. Aside from a very brief nude scene, this gives an interesting insight into colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial similarity with OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic fluff. French whites in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to regard native people as people. Whites are all bosses and they expect black bondage without a doubt. However, unlike true servants, no white man says "thank you" and no other look is given to these people. Again and again, it's like they're pets or slaves, because people's feelings are never taken into account. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this unconsciousness is the relationship between the mother, Aimée, and her servant, Protée. Although they sometimes spend a lot of time together and it is normal that they begin to have sexual feelings between them, the white woman never considers Proteus nor the existence of her feelings. A good example of this unconsciousness is when she has Protée dress her dress and it is obvious that he is very sexually frustrated. Outside of this relationship, while almost all Whites are completely unaware of the fact that Africans are men, some even verbally abuse them and treat them like rubbish. <br /> <br /> The relationship is also interesting. between Protée and the little girl (who is the one who grew up at the beginning and the end of the film). Although they are very close, they sometimes look more like a toy or a pet and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> <br /> There is a strange white character who sometimes seems to consider blacks better, but unfortunately, his character is very inconsistent and confusing. One moment, he works hard alongside blacks or eats with them (which other whites would never have done) and the next day he tries to beat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a fool, or he was crazy or maybe a communist agitator trying to lift blacks against whites (who knows!). In fact, apart from some good scenes, this character seems rather lost. <br /> <br /> While I really enjoyed the insight offered by this film, I would have liked it to be more than just a snippet of this world. through the perspective of a child during a small period of his life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonialism are never discussed and the film leaves me wanting more. The film seemed to start in the early 1980s (since it was wearing a Walkman-style headset) and, once the film was back in time, it seems that the filming was done around 1960 (more or less), but was never about the 1950s anti-colonial violence or independence of the nation in the early 1960s. I guess this confusion may be due to the fact that the filmmakers ruined everything and SHOULD have started the movie more early (as in the 1970s) and the lady thought back to her life in the early 1950s ... before the country experienced a political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the missing context and confusion over time, using the prologue and the epilogue that showed it as an adult traveling in the country was a good idea. And I also enjoyed the end, because it was a good surprise to learn more about the nice man who offers him a ride. But on the whole, it's as if something was missing - there was no resolution or message other than to show that colonialism was thoughtless and cruel.
