I did not know anything about chocolate before I saw it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director, or the story of the film. All I knew was a very acclaimed French film. If I had known more, I probably would not have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I had known what Chocolate was in advance, my interest in watching would have been limited. However, not knowing the story helped me appreciate it. All the while, I did not know where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the final result would be. It was nothing more than a predictable movie. Indeed, it could have been like the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashback is often a risky move on the part of filmmakers. Since the main character is seen nowadays, the public knows that she will stay alive. Using the flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to assure the audience that the girl is passing into adulthood without serious physical harm, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story based more on emotions. only on what is outside. A less important filmmaker would give France a haggard face, evoking a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good from the outside. <br /> <br /> One could argue that Chocolat is more about the mother of France because it has much more time on the screen, although I think it's finally France. For me, what Chocolate really wants is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. This is the way the parents' behavior stays with their offspring. France is not ruined by her mother's actions in history, yet her mother's actions have clearly impressed France. If France had not been touched at all by the actions of her mother, the backfire would not matter. <br /> <br /> For a film that deals with two epochs, the past and the present, Chocolat was very well paced, there was no scene of excessive fat. None of the scenes felt free or out of place. The film had a good rhythm, the editing was neat, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, a solid montage and an organized staging, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've seen. It was the launch of Claire Denis' career and it's for a good reason: it's an incredible director's debut.
