In the 50s in Cameroon in West Africa, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a poem with beautifully photographed tones and emotional resonance that describes the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family in recent years of the French domination. The theme is similar to Nowhere in Africa, although the films have a very different reach and scope. The film is told from the point of view of an adult returning to his home country as a child. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, remembers her childhood when her father (François Cluzet) was a civil servant in French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with the servant to hatch Protache (Isaach de Bankole). The heart of the film, however, revolves around the French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love affair / hate with Protée who is bubbling with unspoken sexual tensions. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and forbidden to all except Protée who works in the house while the servants are forced to eat and take a shower outside, exposing their naked bronze bodies to the white family. When her husband Marc (François Cluzet) is absent for professional reasons, it becomes clear that Aimee and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but that the rules of society prevent her from being openly recognized. In a suggestive sequence, she invites him into her bedroom to help her put on her dress and look at each other in the mirror with a provocative desire in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cécile Ducasse) also forms a link with the servant, feeds him on his plate while he shows him how to eat crushed ants and that she wears it on her shoulders during walks under the night sky. Despite their connection, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is evident when France orders Protée to interrupt her conversation with a teacher and immediately escort her home, and when Protée stands beside her at the door. dinner table, waiting for his next command. . When an airplane loses its propeller and is forced to land in nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must enter the enclosure until a replacement part can be located. Every visitor shows his disdain for Africans. One of them, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation, brings the leftover food from the kitchen to his black mistress hidden in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant Frenchman, upsets the racial balance when he uses the outdoor shower, eats with the servants and makes fun of Aimée of his attraction for Protée who leads him for a confrontation final with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolate is vaguely autobiographical, based on the memory of the director as a child, and is slow and as mysterious as the heart-rending isolation of the earth on which it is filmed. Denis puts forward his point of view on the effects of colonialism without preaching or romancing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no good simplistic guys. Proteus is a servant, but he also protects him when he watches over the bed where Aimee and her daughter sleep to protect them from a raging hyena. It is a sad fact that Proteus is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé confers on his character a dignity and a stature such that it relieves pain. Because of its rhythm, the Western public may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film and Denis, in the words of Roger Ebert, does not "direct our emotions". The truth of Chocolate lies in the gestures and looks that touch the silent desire of our heart.
