Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy transforms natural materials into ephemeral works of art, assembling rocks into egg-shaped cairns, filling rocky pools edged with fireflowers, and sewing thorns and twigs into intricate patterns. An original work and some photographs of his other creations are nestled in a corner of Southampton Art Gallery (near my home), but although these pieces intrigue me, I have not realized the wonder of the work of Goldsworthy only when I had the chance to witness a new projection of Rivers and Tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures him fusing ice cubes into a snake-like thread on a tree stump. Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy does a beautiful and ephemeral job. Soon, this delicate sculpture disappears under the radiant sun of Nova Scotia. This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are completed, as well as the glory of those who shine, even if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself provides the narration, speaking slowly but thoughtfully of the topics covered in his work. He clearly states his need to work with nature, to be alone and to understand it better by trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to act against it. Sometimes he is down-to-earth and humorous; at other times, he fights for the words to express his purpose ?? something that is quite understandable when you see his amazing work first-hand. The "rivers and tides" of the title become more and more relevant as the natural materials pass into the hands of the artist, going from one form to another. The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a remarkable work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with a wide variety of materials and covers one territory in North America and Europe, the other one in this film is exhausting; it gave me the same feeling of tiredness as when I spend too much time in an art gallery and have trouble accepting anything again. A brief interval during which we discover Andy's family and his hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his works. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer does a remarkable job photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, situating them in larger environments, ranging from the meandering Canadian rivers to the Scottish rainforest. Rightly, the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing handfuls of dirt and snow into the sky. Ephemeral patterns emerge from dust particles even as they dissipate into the air. it is the purest expression of beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
