I admit that during the first 20 minutes of this film, I was not quite sure that I was going to move on. Like many people, I found it rather boring and I did not expect an hour and a half to watch this guy biting ice cubes and sticking them together. However, if you attend the creation of his first work long enough to see the finished product, you will have an idea of ​​the impression of the rest of the film. I really think it's sad that so many people have found this incredibly boring or retreading ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a discreet study of the art and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, whose works are totally drawn from nature and usually give rise to works that nature will normally consume. entropy process. It's slow and glamorous, but I think the main interest of the film is to show that Goldsworthy's art needs no accompaniment to be appreciated. I've even heard people complaining about how he talked throughout the film, rather than letting nature and its works speak for themselves, which I think is crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about CDs with lyrics written inside. Many musicians also think that their music should mean what the listener means without the musician showing the exact words, I guess I'm just the kind of person who thinks I'd like to know what the artist was trying to to accomplish with his works. I can always take it as I want it even if I know what it means. I can understand not wanting to hear him speak through the movie. After all, he loses his train of thought and is unable to explain some of his work on more than one occasion, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while you watch the film, do not hesitate not to turn off the sound. It's like not reading the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician sings and if you prefer to interpret the words yourself. <br /> <br /> I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I had no idea existed before watching this movie, is incredibly impressive, and I'm glad this film was made to present it. Indeed, as his work is generally not the one that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only medium other than the film that can express it, and I really enjoyed being able to see the work that goes into it. his art, as well as that only the things of nature are used. Whether or not you like certain aspects of the presentation of this film, Goldsworthy's work is emotional enough to ignore it, as the film is not the star, but the art of Goldsworthy. And considering the lack of music or even the smallest special effects and the slowness of the film, it seems to me that the director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it well.
