Day zero has a purpose and it is not just about entertainment, it conveys a message about its specialized shooting sessions. Trace the lives of two friends Andre and Cal leading an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film began in a rather sober way, an impromptu announcement of the imminent attack of an amateur teenager followed by brief meetings with the families of boys. It will not be long before we get to work with the boys who will show us their firearms collection, their fetishist love, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies and even in a controversial scene of making homemade bombs. <br /> <br /> So what is the film trying to say? What really motivates these future killers. It seems difficult to really understand. They certainly do not seem to be cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are considering an act of sheer brutality. That brings me to what I feel like the genius of part of the zero day. Cal and Andrew constantly talk about their degree of differentiation, their superiority to the rest of the population and how they "will leave us all behind." They feel really superior, just like the chimney killers. As with Nietzsche, Cal and André's system of values ​​seems to be born out of the rejection of their society. However, we have only a glimpse of it, an expression of hatred towards a popular athlete, for example. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio has portrayed two individuals desperate to make superiority a gesture of their power, but who have no reasonable way to do it. Therefore, they turn to mass murder and the kind of thing that will attract them more attention than they ever could. This is why, in part, school fencers seem capable of committing atrocious acts even though they come from stable, loving homes. Murder is part of a fantasy. Cal and André are totally lost in their fantasy. They hardly see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> The most exciting thing about this movie is the character development and the unique addiction that Cal and Andre have for each other. Throughout the film, André is openly the leader of both. Cal is hugged by his attitude and his clothing. André is stuck, André is intense and serious. He completely avoids others, except his family, he is meticulous and precise in everything he does and for a moment he is the main driver of the plot to attack the school. Yet, he is sympathetic in his own way, he does not embrace the nonsense of adolescence and we feel partly obliged to accept it, but these moments are turned upside down by the ephemeral acts of violence of Andre towards the public who treats us as both confidant and potential victim. Cal seems more relaxed than Andre, more receptive to reality. Yet, in his own way, he is dominant. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes where he is alone and separated from André. Cal seems to struggle with his own personal demons and use their plan to exorcise them. André is jealous that Cal is attending the prom with an old friend, he wants Cal alone. Cal soothes André and encourages him. For the first time in his life, André seems to have found someone who believes in him and admires him, he can not lose him. While Cal found someone offering him a way out. <br /> <br /> The film accelerates and improves as it approaches its sad conclusion. There is a great time when Cal attends the high school graduation party. Suddenly, the star of the film becomes shy and introverted, not at all comfortable with his peers. Still, we are inclined to feel more connections with Cal than with the noisy, silly crowd that screams juvenile obscenities while drinking a lot in their limousine. Theirs is an episode too common and recognizable. We do not want to get closer to them. At the end of the movie, Cal is back and André silently prepares one of their latest videos. We like the characters to feel comfortable again in the imaginary world they created. We have the feeling of fleeing the masses as they have been. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is superb. The final video shows André and Cal arm themselves in their car a few moments before the attack. It's too real and really creates a sense of impending doom. Knowing that we know Cal and Andre, we realize they are about to do it. With a sort of morbid fascination, we also savor the catharsis of the film. <br /> <br /> The massacre on CCTV is sometimes shocking. and, although it was certainly the perfect choice to describe the massacre, if we went there, it is not devoid of defects. What is most significant is the radical change in perception we have of Cal and Andre. Looking at them in this sudden person, they are ruthless killers that we knew to become, but who refused to recognize him. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves burning the crosses erected for André and Cal disgusted that they were commemorated. After knowing Andre and Cal, we can only feel the sadness that they are indeed gone forever and that they have certainly won nothing. <br /> <br /> Day zero is a must for anyone interested in these sensationalized media violence. It is a study of character that is worth living.
