As always, controversial films like this have mixed reviews. You like it or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. That shows the perspective of the killers, which is something important to consider, in my opinion. You can hate them, you can pretend to understand them and have the impression of being able to understand you, but no matter what film, it will make you think of school shots from a different angle. <br /> <br /> The film is shot entirely using a portable camera, something that I think works pretty well because it makes it more realistic. This is said completely from the point of view of the killers, from their "missions" to their family outings, in anticipation of the big day "Zero Day" during which they foresee a massacre in their school. Zero Day does not offer answers, but simply presents a glimpse into the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings for boys are a mixture of sympathy and hate, but we still do not know why two ordinary boys would do such a thing. They were shown to be surprisingly normal, typical teenagers leading an ordinary life, and if we did not know what they were planning, we would not expect anything (they clearly indicate, throughout the movie, that nobody others do not know their life plan) <br /> <br /> The acting is extremely good since the two actors are complete strangers. We can only hope to see more work from them in the future. Despite the fictitious nature of this film, one can not help but notice the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre look a lot like Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in appearances, but in manners) As a researcher doing extensive research on Columbine, I could see the similarities and they are almost certainly based on them . <br /> <br /> The massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at school and is one of the scariest things I have ever seen. I was completely shocked after seeing it, and it's a feeling that stays for a while. It's very realistic and well done, and it's very hard to watch. <br /> <br /> Overall, Zero Day is a great movie, and I think everyone should at least watch it. In the past, we have always simply labeled killers as "psychopaths" and presumed they were biologically related to the disaster or have a media influence, but as Zero Day shows, the motivations are sometimes deeper than that, and we can never really understand why such tragedies. as school shootings occur until we have seen this from the killers' point of view.
