The Unborn tells the story of a married couple, Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga), who have been trying for five years to conceive, Virginia has had two miscarriages since and is desperate to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) after being recommended by some of his friends. Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a child. Dr. Meyerling operates in Virginia and it is soon confirmed that the operation has been successful and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything seems perfect and the Marshalls could not be happier, but their perfect life does not last long, because Virginia's pregnancy is a problem, she becomes moody and behaves completely differently and she gets a Beth's disturbing call (Jane Cameron), another woman who has undergone the intervention of Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling is actually using her patients for her own sinister purposes and that she is in fact a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to wonder what is growing in her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I actually thought that The Unborn was a decent horror / thriller movie (this is certainly not a sci-fi movie IMDb would have you believe) that pleasantly surprised me. Henry Dominic's scenario is trying to be different and at least need credit. The Unborn opts for psychological horror rather than economic fears and special effects, it has a pretty smart story that works and plays with fundamental human fears. It's moving at a reasonable pace, although it's not really an action-packed movie. The highlight was good and seemed like an appropriate way to round things up and the warnings about genetics seem even more relevant today than in the past. Maybe Flender knew something was escaping us. On the other hand, it lacks some operating elements and is at the heart of a dialogue-based film that focuses mainly on one person, so that it can sometimes become a little dull. In addition, I must mention that Erath was that dwarf of the black skateboard and smiling, huh ?! <br /> <br /> The director Flender does a decent job, The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie but it's pretty good. The atmosphere is good and there is a bit of tension because what Virginia has in her and Dr. Meyerling's sinister plans are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointingly, the blood and the flesh are almost non-existent, which lowers the film because, in retrospect, nothing really happens that is memorable. On the technical side, the film is OK, I guess The Unborn had a rather small budget, but it is well done even if it is a little bland & forgettable. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a fairly realistic facial movement. The acting is good and it's one of the first director jobs attributed to star Lisa (1994 - 2004), I have to be honest, I do not like friends very much and I do not even know who she is was in this movie. I can not tell you how she did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good thriller that deserves to be better known and seen, it's much better than a lot of shit at low budget shoots in the video stores. If you are a horror fan and are looking for something a little different, something slightly smarter and provoking thought than usual, I think you could do a lot worse than The Unborn. Followed by a senseless sequel, The Unborn II (1994), which I watched right after, take a look at my review if you want.
