WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - keep reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become completely addicted to this parodic jewel that I will not have the place to list them all. The opening credits feature the mischievous scene with kitsch cartoons from the late 1950s; an enchanting theme of Prado mambo of Peres 'Prez' that seems strangely uncredited (but his grunts are undeniable, and no one else has made them); and with familiar cast names, including Kathy Najimi a year before performing with Sister Acts 1 & 2, as well as Teri Hatcher of Superman, a television channel. <br /> <br /> Each scene is imbued with superficial injustices against various actors, actresses and producers in daytime television. Taking a look behind these people's careers is only an excuse for an old-fashioned and delicious joke. Robert Harling wrote this overflowing parody that looks like an issue of MAD Magazine, but looks like a gift to the public. Some cliché characters are a little confused, but everyone is plunged into a great jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), who is still the main award-winning actor in the series, nicknamed "America's Sweetheart". The opening of the day, similar to that of the Emmies, presents the show of Celeste, The Sun Also Sets. Against all vain fears, Celeste wins again. She is delighted, because it is always "such a thrill": "Adam, did you look? I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason for the absence of Adam quickly becomes the justification of the whole plot, and we are instantly going on a trip with Celeste's neuroses. She cries, screams and wrings her hands throughout the film while her convenient Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, continuing to wiggle after Celeste, invisible through Celeste's paranoid fog) tastes like Tammy Faye Baker, for which Tawnee was in fact. specifically hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has already seen everything. She is the chief scriptwriter of the series. She and Celeste have been providing excellent support networks for 15 years. So when Celeste panics, Rosie proposes to remove her from the show for six months: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama had moved to Los Angeles." "Then, another lama, Fernando Lamas, go!" Such a line of skewers must be quite shocking for the still-living actor Lorenzo Lamas, son of Fernando Lamas (deceased in 1982), mentioned above. <br /> <br /> Those who remember the professor of economics (Ben Stein) at the day Ferris Bueller Off (1986), as he calls it insolently ("Bueller, Bueller, Bueller"), will the secret pleasure of seeing him again as a writer. Garry Marshall (in real life, Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother) is also hidden. He "receives $ 1.2 million to make the ordering decisions" in The Sun Also Sets. and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is "a bitch". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the dinner-theater "delicious with a spoon" (and he is Elsewhere) actor now saved from hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and brought back to the same show, he had been canned 20 years earlier.Of course, this poses some logical challenges to current screenwriters because his character, Rod Randall, would have been decapitated a long time ago, in one way or another, they solve the logical difficulties and Geoffrey Anderson leaves the choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste can not that getting worse, and her trick of crossing the Washington Bridge no longer helps.First, her hands tremble as she tries to put on mascara, but she quickly degenerates into a stalker.Unfortunately, she can not get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily, Geoffrey was promised to develop his piece for age on Hamlet, and he intends to force the producer to keep his promise. "I will not return to Florida with no way out!" Says Geoffrey. "You're trying to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts eating meatloaf!" And indeed, seeing Geoffrey's lifestyle at dinner-theater among all the couplings and accidents is hilarious. Back in Florida, in his suit of Willie Loman in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to be moved to call himself on stage under the name of "Mr Loman". He was forced to crush the cockroaches that dragged on his television with a shoe and use pliers instead of the broken analog chain changer. He is now a delicious surgeon with Laurie Craven, the new engineer in the series; so he does not leave. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) completes the incredible cast that does all the fantastic work of those who know the stereotypes too well. But, of course, the course of true love never went well. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) begins to look forward to her star rising and desperately seeking advertising. <br /> <br /> Will his intrigues finally succeed? Will Celeste calm her nerves, or will she kill Tawnee first? Will the producer have Mr. Fuzzy? "You will just have to look at the second half of this absolutely adorable, far-fetched riot. <br /> <br /> And you really have to see to believe how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without the glasses live on the TelePrompter. If you are not angry at the tears and tears running down your stomach, do not hesitate to ask for a refund of your money for video rentals. Soapdish (1991) is a must-see jewel that you will need to revisit again and again, as it is not uncommon for a film to be able to deliver as broadly with so many hilarious lines. It's very well done humor, almost everything in writing. A draw with Blazing Saddles (1974) for the value of apoplexy, but otherwise dissimilar. Look at him and cry. A happy source for anyone's video addiction. 10 of 10.
