There are two distinct ways to take advantage of this original, highly written TV show (the "godfather" of X-Files and Buffy, etc.); like a monster show (I did not care when I was a child!), or as a well written / played gumshoe / film noir. It works on both levels. The fear may have been diluted over the years (it was made in the mid-70s), but I was pleasantly surprised to rediscover the show (via DVD) and appreciate it MORE now for these last reasons . The late Darren McGavin EST Karl Kolchak, an eccentric journalist / hunter, stubborn and wrinkled who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; To the great suffering of Tony Vincenzo, the overworked and stressed boss of Kolchak (played with extreme weariness towards the world by the late Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his nascent ulcers!). The interaction between these characters is sparkling and spiritual (a bit like Spock and McCoy from STAR TREK, only more acidic!). In two pilot television movies and a one-season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, extraterrestrials and ancient legends. looks like the complete 9-year X-Files series! In ONE season!). And Kolchak did it first! And for the great music of composer Gil Melle, partially whistled ... Well, the creator of X-Files, Chris Carter, calls the main theme of Mike Snow (very similar), X-Files, a " tribute". Both themes work well; stay there. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most of KOLCHAK's monsters are shown in the shadows and cut off quickly (effectively and sometimes thankfully; some do not stand up to modern scrutiny but others are still so). Modern horror shows take note: Less IS more! One of the few flaws in the series (and it's a small one) is the overuse of California's sunny regions, which pass for the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for a low-budget, LA-based show And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what is (now) considered a cliché (the effeminate journalist, Ron Updike, still used for comic relief; Sweet, the old columnist Councilor Emily). But, they all have their moment to shine (not a lot of supporting TV characters since, cliche or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show, which serves as a model for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror TV show (Agent Mulder's real father). And in footnote, I tried to watch some episodes of the new "reinvention" of the series. It's a clone of X-Files (a copy of a copy?). And a bad, at that. Carl Kolchak is now a pretty model, a great thirty (played sadly by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully partner is also a lame idea; it hurts Kolchak like a loner, a crusader of Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo gang up? Where is the tension? The interaction? The fact that they chose to put the name KOLCHAK on this piece of regurgitated shit is a great example of how it is NOT to remake: take a beloved cult series, scratch everything that is unique to its subject, drain it of any character and any color the name! Need this cult creed!), And voila! Instant hashing! He receives an 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version has earned the ax! Stick to the original short but classic. It really improves with age.
