A few years ago, I bought (and enjoyed) MGM's double-feature DVD from Kolchak's two telefilms, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the Universal game from the next TV series came out, I intended to buy it immediately - but rumors of reading problems with the dreaded DVD-18s prevented me from adding it to my collection. Recently, I placed an online order consisting of a series of discounted universal boxes and decided to take the KOLCHAK 3-Discer as well. <br /> <br /> Having looked at it now, I can say with certainty that I do not regret having a little lug of this series of beloved (but short-lived) crimes / horrors: she might follow a standardized formula: a persistent and resourceful journalist, Carl Kolchak, wonderfully portrayed by Darren McGavin, starts to hair with his attitude (Simon, editor Oakland, his long-suffering colleagues, various authoritarian personalities, a plethora of monsters and villains) face the inevitable threat (and usually supernatural) but are eventually forced to keep their story secret - but winning (further boosted by an impressive number of guests and by a notable backstage credits), making the show very funny. <br /> <br /> That said, the quality varies from one episode to the next and the modest budgets granted to them lead to specifics All the makeup and make-up effects that sometimes leave something to be desired (by for example, the werewolf in the eponymous entrance and the stupid alligator creature in the last installment) - not to mention the fact that they were limited to 50-minute programs for family consumption, rather excludes an interpretation simplified and healthy of his psychological and metaphysical themes often intriguing (in the case of the werewolf, again, it has never been seen biting anyone but it is stupid, it is made to throw people around )! <br /> <br /> While the hero's cynical narrative does a lot to entice the attack into imaginary intrigues, each episode presents a dose of comic relief (often, but not exclusively, around McGavin's relationship with Oakland or geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to mention the reasonable atmosphere (the setting, in general, is Chicago) and the suspense. To make the ride even more enjoyable, Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding achieved an impressive score. <br /> <br /> For the record, the monsters encountered (but not always defeated) by Kolchak throughout the series are: Jack The Ripper, a variety of cults (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), extraterrestrials , vampires, werewolves (bypassing his too familiar concept by having this particular episode entirely shot on a liner!), Doppelganger, satanist, marsh creature, mass of electricity, robot, man, witch, motorcyclist without head, succubus , knightly armor leading a deadly life (the episode with perhaps the best support cast - featuring John Dehner as a morose police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) and the crocodile. Some actors (other than those playing Kolchak's colleagues) return in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both officers of the law), John Fiedler (as insightful morgue attendant) and Richard Kiel as than two distinct characters. of the hero. If I was in a hurry to pick the finer (or more entertaining) episodes, I would turn to HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (co-starring with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and THE THE KNIGHTLY MURDERS - while, as weaker, I would prefer THE WEREWOLF (for reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (after a story concocted by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the game does not contain any extras: It would have been nice to see a feature discuss the many concepts discussed in KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER, as well as to put the series back in the context where the TV was at the time of its original broadcast, or even to show its lasting influence. on the seemingly endless series of popular science fiction series today. In fact, Kolchak himself - under a much younger and seemingly darker appearance - returned to a revival in 2005; this version is available in the DVD rental store in my area ... but, for various reasons, I'm not sure if I want to check it so soon after the 1974-1957 classic!
