I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since the night of his first performance, September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that seemed scary at the time and the cool music of Gil Melle (hey, where is the soundtrack ?) I have often thought of what makes this show work so completely for me and I finally concluded that the reason it persists when many others do not do it is a simple and important element that it has virtually no other scary show, and who is a main character who most people can relate to everyday. When Carl Kolchak of Darren McGavin begins to discover strange situations, he reacts as most people would. He finds them strange and as he gets closer to danger, he is frightened, even though he knows he must move forward to try to defeat the threat exposed in this episode. It is rare that he has the courage to resist a supernatural superior force. He usually sets a trap and hides or waits behind the scenes to see if it works. Sometimes, he seems as surprised to have managed to defeat an enemy as us. In an episode, he goes looking for a monster in a sewer but when he sees it for the first time, he runs to get out but he is trapped reluctantly, he must return to defend himself. He's heroic because he's willing to do things that most of us probably would not do, but that does not mean he probably would not do a lot more than someone else does it. its place. He's a regular guy doing a job, trying to make money, not a monster hunter. He is simply immersed in affairs involving the supernatural, which interests him, but he does not want to be hurt or killed more than us all. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see him running for his life, which is of course what I would do in the situation. That's why I often watched the show's climax in my fingers as a kid. Kolchak was nice and you worried if something bad happened to him. You were scared for him and for the other characters too. Producers and writers obviously knew that anyone could create a monster costume, scary music and direct a suspenseful scene, but that's all for nothing if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show lasted only the season was because he was tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and decided not to go on. I can tell you that I am in mourning when this show was canceled as a child, but as an adult I understand why it could not last very long in this formula. I still love the 20 episodes and the two films that have interpreted McGavin as a troublesome, determined and abrupt journalist, but with a big heart for INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I doubt that anyone making shows or movies will ever understand why I loved the show. These are not monsters, dark decorations, scary music or zany guest-stars, although they are all essential ingredients. The secret of his success lies in the title - "Kolchak: the nocturnal tracker". Without the kind and fascinating McGavin, Carl Kolchak, it's not a night tracker.
