Bill Crain's "slasher" film, rarer than it is rare, certainly does not respect the standard guidelines for radical copyrights and cuts that have become so essential for his counterparts. The phantasmagoric uses this time pomegranates and small arms, as well as an impressive number of melee weapons; - a sin that is virtually unacceptable in most post-Halloween genre works. But there is still enough knowledge to prevent slasher lovers from checking the rules book and the plot never goes too far from the path you expect. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly decent 555 was apparently assembled with the help of various members of his family, Mirage seems to have been a joint production of the director's parents. While browsing the credits, I noticed many "Fears" listed in key positions throughout the construction of the function. But despite fairly good distribution around the world, the film failed to impress both sides of the Atlantic and has now become a ghost of the VHS market. Nevertheless, it only pleased me more and so I put a lot of resources to find a copy ?? <br /> <br /> Everything happens in the middle of the dessert, which is certainly not the most exciting place, I'm sure. Having said that, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance for curious John Q Laws to show up unexpectedly. Four young, undeniably handsome men are throwing themselves into the sand for a night of debauchery and madness that always seems to rub the murderous maniacs. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton), a fun new age hippies, at a makeshift campground in the middle of a lush wilderness. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer), and his buxom girlfriend, Bambi (Laura Albert), quickly joined the plaintiffs in their search for an early grave. Kyle was dating Chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing his pressure? Something Kyle does not seem to want to forget. Does this sound like a motive for massacre? Well, what did you expect? Shortly after, an invisible person who drives a truck with tinted windows joins the crowd with a series of unique tips in his sleeve. Will one of the children survive to end up with a sequel? <br /> <br /> I had trouble finding any information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is aka William Crain ?? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula, among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so your hypothesis is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I would say that I find it hard to believe that this is the beginning of a man without prior cinematic experience. The film is elegantly photographed with great works by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible talent for creating suspense when necessary. R. Christopher Biggs' Gore FX are imaginatively created and macabre, and congratulate sleepy people at the BBFC who, inexplicably, let it go through UNCUT with a generally severe score of 18. Two of the murders are indeed extremely macabre. A guy finds himself buried in the sand to his neck before facing a grenade, while another finds himself literally without legs after losing a battle with a chain and a van! There is also a bit of dark humor that is surely involuntary. We spend most of the feature film only seeing the boots of the killer coming out of his car and chasing the youngest. But when he found that he looked like Keanu Reeves hilariously in Bill Journey and Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things scary and the showdown is particularly petty while the psycho makes fun of Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly good performances are presented by extremely inexperienced actors. The divine Jennifer McAllister does a superb job as a heroine and B.G. Steers describes her dementia rocking with finesse. The casting director has chosen wisely to choose some of the most beautiful women ever slaughtered in the cinema slasher and this is not rewarding, but at the expense of its potential. The soundtrack works well to create the desolate isolation atmosphere, which is carefully managed by a director who should have been signed and encouraged by Hollywood bigwigs. Watch for the awesome nightmarish sequence that really makes horror movies. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle that was a little unfortunate to miss a successful year among the elite slasher. When you consider that this was done with only a seven person cast and a van, you must say that they did a very good job. The flaws are many, but never detract from the credibility of the bottom line. Unfortunately, you are probably more likely to find liquid gold in your cup of coffee than ever to find a copy. If you see this one covered with dust on the top shelf of your local video store, be sure to pick it up. Recommended.
