It must be, hands down, hat down, one of the most tumultuous comedies ever produced. Starting with the animated puffs, the glittering bubbles, the entrance to the Daytime Awards, the fictitious dummy actress spread by the stars on the red carpet, the acceptance speech repeated and badly played, the venomous comments made by the jealous co -stars and producers of the actor, under false smiles. Now it's only in the first few minutes. Then all hell is unleashed from there and it becomes more and more frenetic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, make it a great way. It was the first time I saw the always charming Teri Hatcher. Although I may not be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she herself is always observable - as are Lois and Clark. Not a great disciple, but if I came across an episode, I would watch it. Robert Downey, Jr., stars lead producer David Seaton Barnes, who would take a quick look at Sally Field's Celeste Talbert leaving the show, even if only to be fooled. with Montana Moorehead Cathy Moriarty. <br /> <br /> Moriarty shines absolutely in this film, as she did everywhere else. Here, all she has to do is shout, "I hate you, I hate you, whore!" or give one of her co-conspirators anti-Celeste a devilish smile, and she makes me roll in the aisles. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very talented actress and a hell of actress. Sally Field gratefully leaves the usual 70MM Weekly Tragedy Week movies, and we all remember why she is what she is today, after embarking on a comedy fearing nothing. Her later dramatic years had hidden her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant actress she had blossomed and it was a joy to see her as hilarious as she was. The problem with actors and drama actresses is that you see in roles as heavy and serious as you associate them with their character and you can not believe it when you finally see them having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky were the producers to unload Carrie Fisher, if only for a glorified cameo? She does not realize what presence she has on the screen. She takes a role that, in the hands of a less important actress, could easily have been forgotten, but she owns the character and it seems that she wrote it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky Elizabeth Shue was to be thrown in the middle of all this! At the time, she was not really known to many. The adventures in Babysitting were rather cute (yes, I was taken on an evening show for which I had to pay the high price), but it did not catch my attention - a lot. But here she makes the most of her character - the niece of the star who falls in love with the ex-co-star and lover of the star who, of course, turns out to be the niece's father, and the star turns out to be the mother of the poor girl. <br /> <br /> I will stop here. I have the impression of having practically written a book about this brilliant comedy at the dumpling, or at least a new one. If you have seen it, then remember. Otherwise, you missed a real classic, but not really. DVDs are made of a material that will last at least 25 years and this film is timeless, so what.
