Some of the best movies classified as "comedies" are confused between comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", which were also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic nuances, or dramas with a lot of humor? In many ways, "The Odd Couple" is in the same category of comedy and yet very dramatic, with deep bases on human nature. Much of what is going on may seem funny to the audience, but the characters do not laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather light TV show of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just a neat guy. and disordered who are forced to live together because of their marital status. They are actually two opposites who have to deal with the reason why their marriages broke down and how their harmful idiosyncrasies are revealed outside of their marriage. The cleanliness, characteristic of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon perfectly interpreted) and the disorder, characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are only the beginning and are somewhat superficial. As history unfolds, we find that there is much more for these men than sharpness versus disorder. <br /> <br /> In short, the story really concerns Felix Ungar, who faces an imminent divorce with his wife Francis, whom we never meet but who is an important character throughout the history. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment where a group of poker friends meet from time to time. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to them and tries, in their own way, to help. Madison thinks the best way to help Ungar is to let him live with him until his suicidal tendencies disappear. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what he's getting into. Madison is a carefree but rather irresponsible carefree whose fridge was last cleaned, probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grasp moldy cheese and glue it between two pieces of bread, then throw the contents of a bag of potato chips on the table. On the other hand, he likes alcohol and women, in short, to have fun. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not only totally different, he is diametrically opposed. He is not just an obsessional clean man who finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women about cooking and gastronomy. At one point, he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get his meatloaf recipe. At another time, Ungar would spend the rest of the evening chopping cabbage for the baby salad. When Madison does not seem impressed, Ungar finally confesses that he only did it for his roommate because he could not stand the cabbage salad. Who is this guy? But he has another endearing trait: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He is obsessed with his health to the point of making strange noises in public places, claiming that he helps his sinuses. He seems to have all the health problems in the book. And if they dialed more, Felix would probably have them. In the end, he is too absorbed in himself. <br /> <br /> Running throughout the film refers to marriage. At a time when Madison is trying to convince Ungar to move in, he says, "What do you want, an alliance?" But little does he know that it is not the man who can not handle the messy type, but the opposite. Their friendship becomes an infernal relationship inadvertently. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two British sisters alone to find themselves for both comical and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon performing remarkably well in hard-to-imagine roles best played by anyone. It is unfortunate that the writing of this caliber is sorely lacking in most of the comedies produced to date.
