The original movie, The Odd Couple, contains beautiful comedic liners. The whole world, it seems, knows the story of Felix Ungar, frantic and neurotic, and Oscar Madison, funny and obnoxious. This assembly of incompatible roommates has created one of the most successful television series of all time, as well as countless, not at all as good imitations. <br /> <br /> The film Odd Couple contains some great jokes about Oscar's apartment and its sloppy habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his fellow poker players asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" It's either brand new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the phrase on Oscar's fridge:" It's been two weeks since it broke down, I saw milk inside and was not even in a bottle! "Walter Matthau's Oscar Madison is a joy to watch on the screen. It's almost as good as Jack Klugman's version in the television series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is Felix Ungar's Jack Lemmon: The problem is that it makes Felix SO so depressing and depressed that it becomes more boring than comic.The performance of Tony Randall in the series brought humor, warmth and sensitivity to Felix's character Felix Unger Tony's can obviously be annoying sometimes, but in the TV series there is talk of specific situations in which annoyance was needed in the script.Joy's Felix Ungar, (note the different spelling) in the movie, never seems to be happy Felix Ungar is a roommate who takes you all the time into the wall. <br /> <br /> The film still has great moments that stand the test of time. famous "fight bread vi ande is one of the best scenes ever! One of the other great examples of Felix's "little notes" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are darker aspects where Oscar goes beyond, his "crying" near the end after screaming Felix, and a scene starring Felix's Linguine dinner (albeit enlightened by a fun line) seems more depressing than comic. Maybe we did not have enough time to see the brighter side of these characters that made the show so memorable in the movie. The first 20 minutes are very boring. The same problem occurs with Felix's conversation with the Pidgeon Sisters. The end of the movie is predictable and too fast. There is very little attention or compassion for each of them. The result is that the darker side of the film is a lot of depression and anger rather than comedy, unless you watch the big scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemmon's monotonous character Felix Lemon brings down the film instead of improving or embracing the comedy between the characters. <br /> <br /> It really took the television series of the 1970s to make The Odd Couple the best possible. be. The original movie is still very good. However, the television series is much better.
