I do not think I ever really gave Walter Matthau his due as a comic artist. He has certainly been wonderful in many light roles, but I guess I've always attributed his success to the bad mood and cruelty of his characters, a raucous contrast to the flamboyant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose, natural. extension of his previous work into dramatic images. Looking at Gene Saks' "The Odd Couple" (1968), adapted from a very popular piece by Neil Simon, one suddenly realizes: Matthau is also absolutely hilarious! Striking at first the public as dirty, crude and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison finally manages to sneak into our hearts, resulting in an exaggerated hilarious confession of emotions that Matthau expresses in a voice that is not entirely the same. his. At the same time, while posing as a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect. Indeed, the film rightly belongs to both actors, who have never failed to illuminate the cinema screen by themselves, let alone with each other. <br /> <br /> Recalling Billy Wilder's screenplay for "The Apartment (1960)", Neil Simon's comedy is based on a rather morbid premise. Félix Unger (Lemmon), a compulsive housewife, has been expelled by his wife for twelve years and is trying to commit suicide, but abandons the idea after hurting his back while trying to open the window. of the hotel. Dejected, he arrives at the house of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced boy who lives alone under a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but is quickly overwhelmed by his friend's capricious personality and his constant insistence on absolute cleanliness. The two men form a kind of unusual marital arrangement, Felix assuming the role of an effeminate and constantly harassing woman, and Oscar representing the sloppy and ungrateful husband who always comes home later than he is supposed to. It's a marriage that lasts barely three weeks, and in the end we can quite sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who has never been seen before. <br /> <br /> "The strange couple" is a fantastic comedy. especially because he has a lot of heart. Despite all their arguments, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, which is most moving when Felix tries to embark on a furious tirade instead ?? maybe inadvertently ?? in the end inform Oscar how "top" he's his. The couple's four poker companions (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner, and Larry Haines) are also constantly harassing each other about an obscure annoyance, but you can not deny that they have the best of intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him might have seemed good in theory, but perhaps being ignored was not quite the right solution for the bleak sense of inadequacy and inconsistency. of Felix. In contrast to some of the comedies based on popular plays ("The Seven Year Itch (1955) by Wilder), recently disappointed by Wilder, this film does not resonate simply in the same tone, and the relationship between the two films grows gradually , through tears, laugh and a lot of disagreement.
