The inauguration of The Odd Couple has more to offer than in most movies. Felix Unger (the monogram of the poor guy curses him even) settles in a hotel in New York. A cleaning lady says "Good night." "Goodbye," he replies. In his room, he empties his pockets, then tries to remove his wedding ring to carefully put the items in an envelope, intended for his wife and his beloved children. When does the viewer finally assemble it ?? aha, will he go away ?? we watch him fight to open the window ?? oh no, he'll jump ?? The poor guy hurts his lower back. That's all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife has left him, he is a compulsive cleaner and a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? it's about the situation and the character. There are few obvious physical jokes ?? no kicks in the groin, no cheap gags ?? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he perfectly masters the expectations of the public. Coming from the Swingers era, imagine what I thought in the scene of the date when Felix began to lament the breakup of his marriage with the girls that his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get into his apartment. He's blowing it, right? Think again. Girls love her sensitivity, her ability to cry in front of them. They invite him to their home because his meatloaf burned because Oscar did not pay enough attention. He's like Flynn, right? Yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Great thing. And it is made even bigger with a style that minimizes changes and optimizes the beautiful set of eight-room apartments. You have Jack Lemmon and the Walter Matthau tights for Chrissakes, why ruin it? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany, where this great effect comes from a great depth of field and the interaction between different action plans. The scene in which Felix, fleeing Oscar, closes a score only to realize that the score does not cover the side from which Oscar comes is particularly memorable. You have a real idea of ​​the configuration of the apartment and therefore the proximity in which live the two divorced. The twist here is that these two are really married ?? each other. Thus, observations on married life that could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy are all the more poignant as it is two guys.
