I received this film from a Norwegian cousin and I had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. By comparing this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Struggle for Heavy Water) casts the saboteurs themselves, playing their respective roles, although actors were also chosen to play the role of saboteurs who have given their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian with French, German and English (with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this course of history, this is what led to the fight. French scientists wanted to get about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to bring them back to France to carry out laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French feared that the Nazis would take a rapid advance by invading Norway and that, by secret codes, their man carefully escapes Nazi spies during his trip to Oslo, where he receives the heavy water and recovers without hindrance. He was observed by two spies while boarding an airliner, but they did not see him jump on the other side, where he crossed the tarmac to another nearby plane, where his cargo was waiting for him. This nifty trick worked using the airliner as a lure that the Nazis then forced to descend to Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway on April 9, 1940 in the morning, the Nazis seized Norsk Hydro It belonged to the Norwegian and British secret services in London to act. Professor Leif Trondstad offered the services of eleven young Norwegians; the "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups that would succeed in sabotaging heavy water production at Vemork. This was shown in detail about how they actually conducted the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to transport the heavy cargo of water in wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was just fine although there were a lot of splices in the film. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of the Second World War.
