An overflowing joke taking place in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas! This film is hilarious! Certainly, you have to have the taste of movies with screaming, hysterical dialogues, superb actors and melodramatic twists. But if you do, you will enjoy a treat. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the television show "Queen of Misery" on television. Celeste's cushy life is turned upside down by the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, and Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - splendid as always), Celeste's longtime lover. But Celeste hides a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey might well reveal it. Add to that the devilish Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in its entirety "a gorgeous woman with testosterone in sparing mode"), who fiercely tries to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the soap producer who secretly prepares with Montana to ruin Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), scriptwriter and sole confidant of Celeste, and you expect a multitude of plots and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this one are hard to perform (no one remembers 'Mixed Nuts'?), but when it's done well, it can be damn funny! A major ingredient that is necessary for any good comedy is the cast of seasoned professionals who know that often the funniest things are not said but seen in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the others work so well together and obviously have a good time. It's hard not to be lured by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but it only attracts attention because it is surrounded by Field, Kline et al. Moriarty stands out as a thug, showing the hottest dominatrix you've ever seen! You'll also find many familiar faces that you'll recognize in small but fun roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps pace and intrigue histrionic en route to the great arrival. Also worthy of mention is Robert Harling's script, carefully constructed to stage a soap opera. The dialogue is overflowing, interpreted brilliantly by the actors (I would bet that many of these things have been improvised). <br /> <br /> Listen, if you want to see a lot of things the pros do what they do best and have a good time doing it, get your hands on it. Otherwise, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
