This film catches a lot of flak, but this is usually based on the horrible, covered / dressed version of the movie that played on US television and was also broadcast to death on DVD and VHS buying companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film never had a theatrical release in the United States, although it was taken over by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain, at the time when nudity was at stake, filmmakers turned two versions, one with clothes and the other without. The export print, fully dubbed in English, was called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and seems to have been released only in Sweden in the 80s. It can be found on Ebay and likes and is highly recommended. In my opinion, Avco cut the film for a R-rated outing that never happened. In 1974, Avco published it on television under the title FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the garment version was used for this television print. Twelve years later, FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears in a personal video on the Charter label. This version seems to be what Avco was going to release in 1973. It's the uncovered version, with a nudity that would never appear on TV or in a PG movie. The band of the Charter contains several scenes that are played naked and are dressed in television printing (the source of all these editions in Dud dollars and VHS). But a comparison with the film WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS, which has never been cut, reveals that 2 scenes were cut on this version! (Spoilers in next paragraph) The scene where Ilona chained Waldermar to Waldermar and whipped him after he turned into a werewolf is incomplete. After having whipped her, she starts to take off her clothes and starts making love with the werewolf !!! The werewolf reacts positively to these sexual games. This scene is certainly among the most unusual in the history of horror movies and is a delusional delight. It's not graphic, but the implied bestiality was too much for the American public, or more likely for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and can not own him. Hence all his ploy to control the spirit of Waldermar's wife and associate it with a case. She wanted to destroy her marriage and she does it while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns a werewolf, but it does not slow down a bit. If she can not physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to sleep with him as a werewolf. It also helps to explain the later scene where the werewolf goes to bed with a woman he sees undressing before going to bed while looking out the window. This scene is presented without nudity in the covered version and makes no sense. In the uncut version, Ilona's affections seem to have made the werewolf excited and in need of release, so that he violates the first woman he can after escaping. The other cut is a complete Waldemar scene in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar bedroom scene was also cut out in the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The film has its problems, however, for some. The director was intoxicated, the bad substitute of the werewolf, the atrocious dubbing in English, the inclusion of footage from the first Waldemar film seen in its original widescreen and uncut format (for example: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS), this is one of the craziest and most outrageous series in the Daninsky Wolf series, with a unique plot, with the exception of the sink. The cutaway / dressed and full screen copies of this film are not favorable. Unfortunately, this is the version that almost everyone has commented on. The film carries a copyright of 1970, and I would bet that the release date of 1972 on the IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) of the series and is certainly out before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN is directly in the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete evidence. Unfortunately, a full version of this can never get a decent version. A perfect version would be the English version uncut but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbing seriously harms the film. But any version in Spanish language would reflect the version covered shown in Spain at the time of Franco, where nudity was verboten.
