One day, someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Fury of the Wolfman" to the great Spanish surrealist films, "The Golden Age" and "An Andelou Dog". The Naschy movie is a masterpiece of delirium from start to finish. Dali and Bunuel probably loved this film and were shocked to see someone do with apparent ease what he needed to clear his head to get by. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a coherent structure, even if it includes a plot. it moves from A to B in C. A mishmash of "Professor Walterman" - his name, you notice - that was bitten by a Yeti monster on an expedition to Tibet and is no longer the same since, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy girl of the famous Dr. Wolfstein, is aware of his condition and reveals that his wife has deceived him. But it is an installation for a twisted scientific experiment to release its inner beast. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" turns around, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, is electrocuted, dies, is buried, without burial, caught in a castle filled with circus monsters, connected to various machines , equipped with various electronic effects, injected powerful elixirs, is chained, turns into a werewolf, a woman in evening dress with Nazi fetish boots at the height of the thigh, the whip escapes, helps the pretty female doctor to get out of the castle, eliminates the circus madmen with a battle ax, turns into a werewolf and must fight to death against the incarnation of his wife unfaithful by the werewolf. The lady with the Nazi boots pulls her with silver bullets from her Luger pistol, they die together and the pretty doctor leaves in the morning with the studious reporter who did nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "The Hombre Lobo Furia" was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. The original director Enrique Eguilez was sacked and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk man who was infested throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to charge his 14-year-old nephew to change the script) and Naschy ended up directing much of the film without being credited. Zabalza has rallied enough to film action scenes from one of Naschy's previous movies, "Mark of the Wolfman." The scenes were fortunately good enough to be used twice, even though the costumes were different, and helped take off the running time after Zabalza refused to get up to finish the movie. Post-production was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, the money was out, the master draw was gone for a while, and then at the preliminary screening of a film distributor, the executive had arrived to find Zabalza urinating in the room. Gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find the toilet, but at least he managed to miss the sidewalk. <br /> <br /> Yet the film works, if you let it. This is part of the atavistic memories we have about troubled castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, dark Moors. Fans of these kinds of things will find it hypnotically searchable even if the story as a whole does not make much sense because of the fractured discontinuity of the execution. In one scene his driving rain and the werewolf howls in a thunderbolt; in the next stroke, his bone is dry and he screams at the full moon. Then it's raining again. And yet, you do not consider it a blunder. It is like a dream that unfolds where contradictions are possible, the opposites are the same and the effects proceed as causes; Wolfman first takes the power cable and screams, then the cable starts to generate electricity. People say that its low budget is detrimental to overall efficiency - I would say the film would have been unassailable if they had had a penny more to spend. It's a marvel to do something from nothing and succeed not because of what she could have done, but because of what she's doing. It's easy to laugh at this stuff and even easier to deny it. The trick is to be able to see through chaos, or rather to consider chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy passed away last week at the age of 75. He had pancreatic cancer for a year or more, was working on film projects until his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy left to a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of general and universal disinterest. And yet, in all of us, there is an eleven-year-old kid who will watch his films as "Fury of the Wolfman" with wonder. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will discover something in this film that will marvel, if only for a minute. You can find it for free on Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a dime. It's worth a lot, a lot more. <br /> <br /> Astonishingly, Naschy was horrified to learn that many others, like me, consider this twisted, sick and insane little film as a classic, indeed a true masterpiece of Cinema Dementia . The problems he encountered during the production and disorder of a film left behind were perhaps an artistic disappointment too personal for Naschy to forgive. I would never pretend to dare to forgive him, but I will say this: I would prefer to watch "Fury of the Wolfman" in his dullest, cutest and most degraded copy of the public domain, than to sit in the middle these nasty and unpleasant bullshit end up at the cineplex swine flu this weekend or another weekend. <br /> <br /> The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch his movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
