It's a bit embarrassing to call a movie about the war and the Holocaust a source of shock, because many of us will know all too well the horrors of war and violence. By using the adjective 'shocking', I do not mean to imply that I am surprised by what was said in this film or that I did not know it before, it is simply that I am very impressed by the way in which this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrible it is to kill each other, with or without reason. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film is devoted to the successful participation of Hanna in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance, due to an incoherent staging, but his acting is solid enough and his charisma is huge. She plays very well the role of Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Of course, her beautiful appearance helps, but it has nothing to do with the fact that she is simply a good actress and that she plays a good role. <br /> <br /> Some inconsistencies persist in Hanna's war. I sometimes had the idea that the director Menahem Golan (often despised for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and should have allowed a few more shots per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he has made this impressive and inspiring film, and as I am very optimistic about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second part of the film is: the most interesting and the most tragic. It focuses on Hanna's sufferings (attention to the frightening portrait of the cruel and sardonic captain Rosza by Donald Pleasence) and intensely demonstrates the injustice and horror that accompany hatred, violence and war. I receive Hanna's War, especially the second part, as a powerful anti-war film and for that alone the Golan deserves congratulations. It is also in this second part that the talent of Maruschka Detmer appears, creating a character who enters the history of the film as one of the most telling, the strongest and the most tragic ever described. It is also a pleasure to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and playing style always reminds me of Romy Schneider, who - if she had been alive and played - would have made a similar contribution to the Hanna War. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the second half and the hopeless tension sometimes replaced by promising prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes that show something so unexpected, moving and poetic in his tragedy he hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again that it was not even fiction, that everything happened, I found myself even more in tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
