I saw this at the first and I watched it again on IFC. This is a wonderful account of the many stories of the immigrant farm worker population who came to Hawaii to work on sugar cane plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration. my parents were born in a plantation of Kohala (Big Island) at the time of filming. I moved to Big Island more than a year ago after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former sugar cane lands are still untapped and that wild sugarcane continues to grow, years after the plantations closed. I heard many stories from my uncles and aunts who were children growing up in the plantation. This film helps to image these kinds of stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic film based on the plot. He lets me shake my head to read a review like ccthemovieman's. Some people just do not understand. <br /> <br /> I did not remember that Youki Kudoh had the lead role, with which she had done an incredible job. I remember his excellent performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film, alongside Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow up in the Islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo role as a narrator of movie shows. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an uncredited and non-speaking role as a plantation worker during the payroll scene. <br /> <br /> I was saddened to learn that director and co-writer Kayo Hatta died of accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> Two other excellent Foreign films reflect this sugarcane planting experience: "Gaijin" about immigrant sugar cane workers in Brazil (many of whom are Japanese) during the same period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the experience of sugarcane plantation in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to have been shown for a long time. Another great film about the beginnings of Asia in the United States, where immigrants looked more like slaves, is "Thousand gold coins". This was put on the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, played Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
