It is undoubtedly the best director that Haim Bouzaglo has realized so far. A talented television director, well trained in storytelling and long epics, he has tried to capture in this very small-budget film the very essence of the very special psychological situation in which the Israelis live, despite the constant danger of terror. attacks, resulting in "deformed" lives. Each character trying to live his own life, to watch and control the other, while being watched and controlled by other characters and mainly by the constant pressure of political and historical forces beyond his control . Some call it destiny, but fate has a very concrete representation in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political enunciation in "Distortion". The characters never discuss politics, not even at the level of saying "bastards!" when they hear that a new terrorist attack is occurring. Their reaction to events is to locate the attack and count the victims using official terminology and media for the dead and wounded. They do not really live, but rather survive the time spent, happy to have survived a bomb and wait for the next one to happen. Personal, social and professional life seems to work, but it is deeply imperfect and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose personal and creative crisis in the middle of life is amplified by the pressure of events and the fact that he has the chance to leave a terrorist attack site a few minutes before the bomb explosion. He hires a private investigator to follow his girlfriend, an investigative reporter on television, whom he suspects is the target of the next program. This is another failed man, a former soldier, whose business and family life has been dismantled. He begins to write a piece that mimics reality and put it on stage, in a theater scene that recalls Hamlet and "Synecdoche, New York." It's not that I would dare to believe that Charlie Kaufman is looking over Bouzaglo's shoulder, he certainly does not need that, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant to anticipate the latest film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in the American film, the actors play real characters and begin to interact with them in a mixture reality / scene-meeting-reality that never fails logic, at least no artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent, trusts them and allows them freedom to live through situations rather than playing them. His style is much freer here than in his television series and the effects of "distortion", although borrowed from American horror movies, work pretty well everywhere. The end seemed a little rhetorical and dramatically unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicidal killer who haunts the film and the whole situation in a time loop will also follow the viewer when he will later remember this movie.
