Distortion is an annoying and haunting film about life imitating art and art reflecting life. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who draws inspiration from his suspicions about the subject of his friend's documentary. As an Arab kamikaze, disguised as a cap and with an American t-shirt, wanders across the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim transcribes the life of his girlfriend while filming his documentary and integrates the life of its actors during rehearsals. But the bomber has already struck and Haim left the restaurant a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is limpid, complete and captivating, and it is a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of Israeli daily life, where politics is intimately tied to the staff, where everything the world lives "on the edge" and people never know if they play an important role in their own lives or if they are simply indispensable in the dramatic story of someone else. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this notion of the fact that everyone is an actor in the production of someone else brilliantly. We are always voyeurs, seeing what the director of fiction sees illegally but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these visions are violations of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom overlooks the street and the roof) and repeatedly frames his views on television, video or security screens. The actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by the actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of his own production, barely aware of the diminishing of their role in the personal films of their teammates. The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play. The actor hired to play the role of the detective searches for the detective to get "advice" on how to play this role. He is captured by recordings on surveillance tapes and watches a casting cast. <br /> <Despite this multiplicity of points of view, there is no need to err on the clear lines of this story: the playwright seeks the subject, the kamikaze seeks a target and the detective tracks down the filmmaker. Nor is there any difficulty in locating Bouzaglo's ultimate target, angry and helpless Israel, fully aware of the threatening danger, but unable to act meaningfully. Israel is Bouzaglo, the fictional playwright of powerless fiction, cannibalizing his own life for his play. Israel is also the bankrupt entrepreneur-soldier who is the subject of the filmmaker's documentary, the deceitful actors and actresses and the cuckold husband. They are all in Israel because they are all defenseless, caught in inaction or aimless action, while the bomber analyzes the landscape in search of his best target. All the characters can do when another attack is reported is to have sex and keep the "score" of the victims. <br /> <br /> There is a personal triumph, a justification, perhaps a revenge at the end of this piece in a story in a film, but viewers will be keen to feel the state of Israel even as they are filled with admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable testimony to the fate of a nation in the story of its history.
