I read with great interest the only comment available before mine on this film and I would first like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented very well on this film: seen from a point of view Israeli view, I can very well, imagine that this film addresses very sensitive subjects and that the smallest detail can have a great importance for a spectator who is more or less directly concerned by the events described in this film. What I would like to say is that "Distortion" was presented at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival "All Screen Cinema") where he won the Audience Award (Public Prize in French). As far as I'm concerned, I liked Mr. Bouzaglo's "nervous camera" work, which described very well the atmosphere of extreme tension and discomfort in the film, and I think most Swiss viewers enjoyed in the movie. movie. This perspective, however, may seem totally "alien" to an Israeli viewer, but this is not so surprising for Swiss viewers, as Switzerland is a country that has never been the subject of a terrorist attack. It is therefore not surprising that the Geneva public has judged this film with a much more "detached" perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I translate in French): '' After 50 years of life here and after all this violence, one wonders if is still possible to stay normal. One could sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue to live. We are like the characters in my film, "on the edge of the board". That's why the private detective, who is somehow "voyeur", is the happiest character in the film, because he makes a living from the system, he takes advantage of this situation. The main thing that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, have emphasized in this film and that we have not paid attention to some inconsistencies concerning the characters of the film, which the previous critic emphasized with great precision and precision. So, to sum it up, country = different perspective, but I think it's great, because it reassures me about what affects the future of cinema, that is to say, it will never be good subject to a "unique" formatted 'way of thinking.
