-A very pretty woman with a red head waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom she connects. As the two take flight and sit next to each other, the young man Jack becomes deadly as he threatens Lisa to change the room in which a politician and his wife will stay or do to die his father. Now let's see what happens when you travel as a coach. This kind of thing never happens in first class. <br /> <br /> Flightplan "is the incredible * if it's a word * of the story.The goal of the set is to change the main character of the play so that he can be assassinated , which is a pretty plausible plan, but will not it be easier for Jack to find someone who knows something about computer and to hack into the hotel system? can practically do anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to ask someone to change it using a computer instead of having the trouble of spying on Lisa and putting her in the difficult situation she lands in the movie. <br /> <br /> -More one thing that struck me as weird is the way nobody on the plane has heard only one thing they were talking about, this is a very small plane that we're talking about here and, as their voices were raised it seems to me that the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure that I read a lot too much. The movie is supposed to be as realistic as an episode of "24", so do not be confused by such complexities. Despite all my complaints, it's still a very fun movie that does the job. This is not exactly the type that requires closing your brain, but it also does not require great intelligence to take full advantage of it. <br /> <br /> -I would love to sit here in my comfortable chair and I'm excited about the brilliant performance in the movie but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I love Brian Cox, but they do not put much effort here. This is not really a problem, because this is not the film that the studios hope to win many prizes and the acting is not the least horrible, but not great. Wes Craven is not the first who comes to mind when thinking about a film like this, but he does a very good job considering the time they took to shoot the film and the lack of depth of the scenario. It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and although I like it to do something different with this movie, I still would like him to come back to do what he did in the past, namely great horror movies spoken of decades after its release. <br /> <br /> - A nice thing about the movie I really enjoyed is the brevity of his movie. It's good to sit and watch a good movie of three hours or more from time to time, but now it's as if every film that came out seemed too long, so this movie just seemed the right length. Not too long and too short. They do not waste time trying to develop too much the characters, because they know that it is not the film which suits them and they thus realized a very nice short film. Being a great geek of film music, I must say that the best part of the film is the ultra-cool score of Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami go from writing predictable things to the good music he's doing now. I really have the techno / orchestral side that he does for the main titles. Too bad I can not find the sound anywhere, I really liked listening to the songs at any time instead of having to insert the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> good for what it is and although it is far from a good cinema, it should still provide an hour of entertainment
