Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to take the last "red-eye" flight to Miami and live and work there. While waiting for her plane, Lisa meets the charming and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy). They both seem to get along well. Then, when they get on the plane, they discover that, coincidentally, they sit next to each other. Once the plane takes off and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that their seemingly fortuitous meeting was not a coincidence. Jackson says he works for someone who wants to assassinate Homeland Security Secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia). They need her to change rooms at the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson asks Lisa to call the hotel for that to happen or her father will be killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who is perhaps best known for his horror films such as The Last House on the Left (1972), A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Snake and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) & The Scream Trilogy of the Teen slashers, a fast-paced, fast-paced thriller like Red Eye a great departure from the kind of movie Craven usually does. Carl Ellsworth's screenplay makes it a surprisingly captivating thriller that I must admit I really enjoyed. At only 85 minutes in length, it's a very fast, economical and straightforward film, which focuses almost entirely on a tight and taught film. plot rather than going in different directions with a lot of subplots. Some may like this approach like me, others do not, but I think it gets you a lot more into action because it's thick and fast without the film slowing down and gives you a chance to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, of course, a movie like this will always have one or two dubious moments in the plot, but damn it, it's a movie made to entertain and for me, he did. I really liked the two central characters, Lisa seems very friendly while Jackson Rippner (an obvious game on the name of the famous Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a nasty villain with a cold "I'm just my job type of mentality. Another advantage is that I did not think anyone would behave excessively stupid here, everyone was really like a human being and the movies are quite plausible. This is one of the best recent movies from Craven. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a solid thriller, tense, taught, fast paced, with an appealing cast, good action and a captivating storyline. He certainly does not lag behind and once he started the action and the tension he never let go, the most effective part of the movie is when Rippner holds Lisa hostage on the plane and once the film switches to the fathers of Miami and Lisa house it becomes a little more routine but it's still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely beautiful in this area. I could probably look at Red Eye again just because it's in and seems completely stunning. Those who see the name of Wes Craven attached to Red Eye expect a horror movie should think again because there is no horror (despite the IMDb list of 'Horror' as kind of Red Eye). I'm not sure of the end. On the one hand, it was good to see the villain live for a change that goes against traditional expectations, but it might have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him in some way. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very good film with glossy production values. Shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film would have been written with husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn, but the filmmakers finally opted for the younger ones. As I said before, Rachel McAdams is a pure feast for the eyes and is a total girl in this area and deserves to watch the movie for herself. Oh, and she's also performing a decent performance. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a very rhythmic little thriller, which I really appreciate, I did not think I would like it as much as I do. & I'm glad I decided to watch it. This is a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really very interested in this ...
