Scream was the last decent thriller of Wes Craven. Since then, there has been nothing more than an unbearable trail of Hollywood rubbish barely enough for a night of success, including the disappointment of Scream's aftermath. Perhaps the genius and craftsmanship of the film has exhausted his energy and creativity, so that at supper time, he had nothing to serve us but his own doo doo. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he delivers us a delicious, ruthless, arresting and scary thriller with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams is once again delivering a nice performance as she runs a hotel that has the unfortunate link to a prominent and regular political figure at her hotel. She then meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, which she meets a little better after a delayed flight and a breezy bay. What she does not know is that he already knows her. And he also knows his father, she will never see again if she does not cooperate and does not meet the requirements of Jackson: use his relations to organize the assassination of his hotel. <br /> <br /> You probably think this is none other than your daily thriller with predictability and chase scenes. Although it's a good old-fashioned thriller, it's the beauty of it. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Just classic suspense. You feel despair and regret at every decision that McAdams is forced to make and you really love it while comforting it in every move she makes to find a way out of her claustrophobic situation. an entertaining and convincing performance. It's either her pretty face or her weird crying ability, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, naturally looks scary. Although the trailer does not reveal it, his ultimate transition from a charming stranger to a ruthless donkey is not so surprising. Perhaps it would have been more interesting to see a sympathetic character like Toby Maguire turn into an insatiable madman. Nevertheless, Cillian Murphy, once his true identity established, played the role so firmly that you really want him to die, or at least he gets kicked. <br /> <br /> Do not neglect this feature. There are many squeaking moments on the board and heart jumps that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch, as you would on the latest Craven photos. If it's not for you, do it for all the times where you will see your girlfriend, your boyfriend or someone with popcorn jumping and clinging to you. Wes finally understood. In addition to his mastery of suspense, Red Eye has not lost his sense of humor. Cynthia, McAdams's replacement at the front desk, tries to keep the hotel in order. It's a relief that Red Eye is not a disappointment. Instead, you'll have the pleasure of seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance, Murphy looks more scary by the minute and Craven makes a classic thriller classic. A flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of the rebirth of Craven if he had arrived right after Scream.
