Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who is asking for help to kill a businessman, otherwise his father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a fantastic thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The principle is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth but Red Eye is better than these two movies. Almost everything in Red Eye is above average, including suspense, acting and direction. Most of the film is on a plane, but it does not slow down the film. The film is very fast and exciting without slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a very good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on thrills, he focuses on the story and the characters. This document has its share of suspense but it's not really what it is about. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and the small details that become important afterwards. Red Eye really shows his storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. You could even end up cheering him out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very scary and effective performance as a villain. The way he acts at first, then turns into a psychopath is particularly impressive. Supporting actors are also very good, like Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very elegant and has a scary atmosphere. The setting works well because there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape route. Overall, the tone of the movie is always scary. The scenario is not as strong as all the rest. Some unrealistic moments can distract the viewer. Most did not bother me, but there were some who let me shake their heads. In addition, the end is disappointing. This is not an unfortunate end but a very simple approach and a different approach would have been preferable. Since the movie focuses on the characters, there really are no shouting moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you're waiting for a horror movie, you'll be disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an engaging thriller and one of the best movies of the summer. Rating 8/10
