I find that I enjoy this show, but the format needs work. First, the good attributes. I love how this show will take us into the everyday life of an addict because producers have the gift of showing how much they have allowed their lives to deteriorate. This is followed by an intervention which is followed by a result. An intervention does not put things in place and sometimes the result (often short-term due to time constraints between filming and broadcasting) is a negative result. This makes the positive results all the better. <br /> <br /> The quality of the camera work is another thing that I like. Given the fact that these cameramen must sneak anywhere and do not have the opportunity to film again, the photography is surprisingly good and stable. It is actually superior to scripted series like "The Shield" where the photography is so bad that it can induce nausea. <br /> <br /> Now, let's get on with bad. An episode sometimes contains two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the series. You will be trapped in the story of an addict, then suddenly you will be immersed in the story of another. Immerse yourself in this story and suddenly come back to the first addict ... or are you? You may have already forgotten which case belongs to the individual currently on the screen. This constant switch between addicts becomes really disturbing during the intervention scenes, because the series will mix even the two completely independent interventions! I once heard the marketing B.S. because of this bad design: "The series can become so intense that switching to another addict gives the viewer time to absorb what he is watching." Oh, please. This is clearly explained by the fact that they have two cases that are not big enough for a one hour show, so they mix two. Mixing them up instead of giving each block half an hour, as it should, forces the viewer to look at everything (and commercials) if he is interested in one case but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these boring "episodes" so boring that I only asked my TiVo to record episodes containing only one addict, but it became easier to all save them.
