"Intervention" helped me with my own addictions and recovery. I am a married middle-aged man and father of two children. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. Nevertheless, I still have trouble using my addictions to calm my ardor and solve problems that I slowly recover. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationships with my family. <br /> <br /> The show, unlike many others, explores the addict's past and reveals events that have probably caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique story of our childhood". The series deserves a lot of credit for at least launching this process. This dig is painful and difficult, but it is worth it. So much coverage of the dependency - fictitious and non-fictional - seems to ignore the underlying problems. It is often assumed that the addict, one day only, has begun to grow, whether for pleasure, pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. No, addictions are killing pain. I can understand the different events and difficulties of people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many drug addicts have been abused. Some children simply react badly to divorce. For those who think that addiction is an overreaction to a difficult situation, I would simply say that different people react differently. Although some children handle divorces well, others, like Cristy in the series, "collapse a bunch" and their lives have changed forever. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's counselor said that pretty young Andrea is seeking validation from men. She undresses for a 75-year-old neighbor and lets men mistreat her. Sound familiar? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments in our lives. It is often those of us who have minor problems who suffer the longest. As they say, even a stopped watch is right twice a day, but a slow watch can remain undetected for a long time, until it makes your life miserable. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thank you for making the show, for digging in the past, for follow-ups. In addition, the graphics, format and theme of the music are brilliant. <br /> <br /> Drug addicts: thank you for your courage to share. Whether you served yourself or not, you helped me.
