The first Irish animated feature film is also one of the best animated films I have ever seen. This is a real wart and any story that does not resemble any of the other Oscar nominees and any other movie this year or any other year. <br /> <br /> The plot of the film is about the abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland built a wall around his city to prevent the Vikings destroy it if they ever attacked. His nephew Brendon is a young monk who does his best, but faces the anger of his uncle doing things in his day. When a legendary illuminator Aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, Brendon walks over to him and his warm personality. To the dismay of his uncle, Aiden offers to teach Brendon how to enlighten. In order to help Aidan prepare his big book, saved from his destroyed monastery, Brendan goes to the forest to get some material to make ink. Outside the walls, he meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom he builds a friendship. Unfortunately, the abbot discovers that he went outside the wall and that hell is paying. But far away are the Vikings ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie, you're wrong. Even what I explained does not do justice to this film. It's a simple story with so much more. It's a fantastic movie about your attempt to find your way around the world, about upcoming demons and about the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the movie says, the world is a dangerous place and it does not stop being even if you build walls.) It's a film that treats its audience as an adult and deals with their whole lives, including darkness. There is death and destruction and joy and happiness. It's not covered with sugar. People are dying. The monsters are hiding. (Some children were scared), but in the end, there is hope. Frankly, the darkness of this film is totally different from any recent American film. Forget the "sadness" in a Pixar movie. This is the reality, it is refreshing and shows how Pixar is homogenized. <br /> <br /> This is an animated movie of Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) that is The look is actually based on the Celtic art of the time. It's a movie unlike any other. Here is another film that takes the frame of the film and uses it in all possible ways. The images are designed to occupy as much space as possible. Often, the film manipulated things to make believe a page of the legendary Book of Kells. His art is breathtakingly beautiful and describes himself when art comes alive. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore has created a film that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than that. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated movies I've ever seen.
