In 1945, after a series of strong WWII propaganda, Errol Flynn began to lose ground at the US box office. Despite the increasing weight of diminishing looks, he embarked on a series of films on this genre that made his name: the swashbuckler. The first of these was actually a good one - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but it also turned out to be his last big-budget Hollywood star. He spent the rest of his time wielding his sword, wandering all over Europe: in England for KIM (1950), THE MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and THE DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and in Italy. for the aborted THE STORY OF WILLIAM TELL (1953) and the little seen CROSSED SWORDS (1954). However, Hollywood signaled him one last time to regain his fishing habits - although it was a modest-budget universal image rather than a Warner Brothers "A" production he had been accustomed to. at its peak ... <br /> <br /> Still, Technicolor's glorious cinematography leaps from the screen and, while older and more flamboyant Flynn, may look like the pale shadow of his former character, Maureen O Hara, his red-headed, redheaded woman, spends a busy day as a failed executioner. who basically longs for love and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still just a few years out of his larger vehicles than ever before, so he's generally considered the villain - pirate captain Roc Brasiliano, a role he's tackling brilliantly. Like THE BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - whose viewing was prior to this one - VS ALL FLAGS brings me back to my beloved childhood of incessant television viewing when vintage Hollywood movies were on the agenda, at local Italians and neighboring chains. <br /> <br /> As far as I know, this is perhaps the very first pirate film I've ever seen and I fall for the thinking of the current generation of young people who believe that PIRATES OF THE Caribbean Trilogy is what childbirth is all about! As I said earlier, AGAINST ALL FLAGS may not be the best hacker wire ever, but it's still a good example of this prolific genre. Nowadays, the love persistence of the Indian childish princess (Alice Kelley) vis-à-vis her pirate kidnapper Flynn may seem terribly silly, but the rest of it - although it is clearly not too big for THE SEA HAWK (1940) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942), to name only the most beautiful maritime adventures of its respective stars - is rhythmic and reasonably committed. Incidentally, the movie would later be re-released as THE KING'S PIRATE (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what is worth it, the unprecedented box-office success of this modern and unappetizing franchise is perhaps what prompted reluctant film studios to dust off their catalog titles to the fly and bring them out on DVD. , AGAINST ALL FLAGS himself was the jewel of a poorly thought-out collection of the century-old Pirates movie collection, also composed of obscure slags such as BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950; with Yvonne De Carlo) and DOUBLE CROSSBONES (1951, with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952, with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money maybe, but I have so far acquired only the film of Errol Flynn from other sources; however, if the atmosphere strikes me in the future, I may wish to experience marine adventures similar to those of MUTINY (1952) by Edward Dmytyk, YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
