While watching this film, I was frustrated and distracted and in the end I wanted to give it a solid score of 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and ubiquitous and there was too much to make. Even my D.A could not follow. It looked like a slight acid trip. Everything seemed flat, there was no dimension to anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the film half way and crush my engraved copy of this movie. But after I finished watching the movie, I went online to play the movie and I should have done some research on this movie before watching. <br /> <br /> The secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story of Kells' original book. A little boy, Brendan, is responsible for creating new pages in what is called to be the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "turn darkness into light". Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. Taking place in the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, the abbot of Kells, tries to build the wall to prevent the Vikings from entering. Brendan's uncle insists that he help complete the wall, but a traveler and "book" holder secretly trains Brendan to perfect his illustrator skills and convinces him to finish "the book" and express it. <br /> <During the whole time I watched the movie, I thought I was missing something because I did not really understand what was going on. I thought I was just missing a piece of Irish history. A simple search on Google taught me everything I needed to know about the original Kells book. After reading many articles, my opinion on the movie has changed a lot. <br /> <br /> The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first New Testament books transcribed in Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century. . In addition to its paleographic and insular writing, the book is also beautifully illustrated in the island art, a type of ancient art known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in the Book of Kells is described as much art was at the time, dish and dimensionality challenged without perspective. But what distinguishes the Book of Kells from other ancient works of art is its use of many colors. <br /> <br /> The secret of Kells is very colorful. Initially, I thought the animation was flat and boring. This reminded me a lot of the cartoon Samurai Jack who also had a flat and "amine" look. Once I discovered the artistic styles of the Book of Kells, it is obvious that many styles of the book are imitated in the film. Lines and swirls and various shapes inhabit Brendan's spirit. Every time he enters his imagination, circular shapes reminiscent of the sun, cogs, clocks and wheels fill the screen. The edges of the screen are framed by triangles or circles in motion decorated. The transitions are filled with color and Celtic knots. From trees to soils, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> Arriving at 70 minutes minus credit, The secret of Kells is a little history lesson fun with a bit of adventure and stupidity launched to keep people (maybe just kids) interested . I think you usually have to be open to the Secret of Kells as an art half, a half-film about history. Although it looks animated with Adobe Illustrator, it's a beautiful movie. But based on the 20 Oscar-nominated films, I do not think it was worth being nominated instead of Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
