THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated film that will dazzle your eyes and rouse your heart. Weaknesses in the limited budget and sometimes limited animation of the film are largely offset by the visual poetry of the story of Brendan's heroic quest to become a master illuminator in the dark ages. Historically, it was at the end of the eighth century, when the Vikings submerged the learning centers of Irish. The Vikings appear here as crude antagonists, the equivalent on the North Sea of ​​looters of Mongols and Mongols lying further east. The narrative of the film - which works more like a parable - is centered on the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a period of growing darkness, and his severe uncle, the abbot, who seeks to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with a wall that is emerging as a barrier against the Scandinavians. The abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his quest for safety. This is the outer conflict of the film. Brendan's inner conflict consists in finding the hidden eye of a creative enlightenment that will allow him to complete the most difficult picture of the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by a Ouroboros dragon, which destroys from within those who are not suited to this quest as surely as the Vikings will kill from outside (that's as much of the story as I'm going to divulge!) /> <br /> What I really like in this film is the imaginative understanding of its creators on some of the greatest works of art that survived in the West 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by lines, as in the original Kells book. (The Aidan monk cat is particularly remarkable, it is defined in a few lines, but it is purely metamorphic feline.) The range of emotions conveyed by Brendan and other animated characters given their abstract design tribute to the artistic excellence of the director and his animators. The decorative boundaries on the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this characteristic of the illuminations of the dark ages is brought into a wonderful animated life in THE SECRET OF KELLS. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our era than the ones they are trying to describe. However, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, the writers and directors of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey a unique sense of life experienced since that distant time in Ireland, which seems psychologically true, though the scenario may depart from the fact Pedantic history. . (The group of UN illuminators appearing as a club of evil artists in The Secret of Kells is not likely, but they are all well-designed and individualized characters who do much to express the universal appeal of this spirit par excellence, Irish history.) Animation has always seemed to me the best way to help us better understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The magnificent art direction of this film stems clearly from its historical visual source, but has also been intelligently adapted to the requirements of animated storytelling. If animation had existed in the dark ages, the SECRET OF KELLS is what it would look like! Finally, Brendan's quest for the hero in this film is the artist's perpetual quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being preached or even particularly Christian, this film affirms Jesus' saying that "Man does not live by bread alone.") In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV by Andrei Tarkovsky, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. The Secret of Kells expresses almost the same sense of mystery and joie de vivre about the artist's visual quest and creative process. It's certainly not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- heck --- it's a cartoon! (And a film that will appeal to young and old.) I think this film will withstand repeated reading: in a modest and affirmative way, this SECRET OF KELL stylized is a classic.
