After hitting viewers with three very different episodes right from the start, Serling continued to introduce the viewer to "The Twilight Zone" in a very strange way by scheduling one of the biggest producers in the series as the fourth episode. "The sanctuary of sixteen millimeters" is one of the most discreet episodes. It highlights the inability of an aging movie star to cope with the changes and introduces only a supernatural element in the last minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is just beginning to make itself heard, but the following views reveal that this is a very elegant novel and beautiful writing. <br /> <br /> The two main authors, Ida Lupino (Barbara Jean Trent) and Martin Balsam (her frustrated but thoughtful agent), shine in their performances.The main problem of this episode is that the alleged images of the actress , 25 years old, are not convincing.Lupino looks identical when she plays the young Trent as she plays in the middle-aged Trent, which dramatically decreases the tragedy of the situation.Luckily, Lupino pretends to convince us of his desperation to return to the past, a situation most people can sympathize with, and yet Trent is far from being a sympathetic character.This is a prima-donna that pays little attention to the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously faded co-star that she belittles with tact, because it reminds her of how much her glory days had passed, so it's a bit surprising that she's rewarded with an end We see clearly what will happen from the moment we see the big projection screen and it is intelligently anticipated from the first moments when Trent frightens his maid out of behind the screen. What is not clear in the beginning, however, is whether being sucked in by the projector will be a reward or a hard lesson in enjoying what we have and living the present moment. In fact, Trent is allowed to return to the past that she so ardently hoped for, reflecting the strength of the wishful thinking of human beings. <br /> <br /> "The sanctuary of sixteen millimeters" improves with each viewing. The writing and the leading game combine to create a short game of enormous power that reflects the nature of the human being to prolong the past, even if we can never return. Except in the twilight zone.
