There is a theory of time that postulates that all the moments that have ever existed and will actually exist at the moment. It's a little too difficult to understand, but perhaps a comfort to those who wish to return to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), it was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and prestige were the most promising. For my part, if I could travel back in time, it would go back to the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe at a place like Willoughby, but it's another episode. <br /> <br /> Something that would not be so special in 1959 would involve dealing with all that clumsy machinery just to watch an episode of "The Twilight Zone". How many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series, then find a particular story you wanted to watch? I guess you have to take into account the tradeoffs, the convenience versus the simplicity, having them now, or taking the time to present them to the exact place where the story begins. Browsing a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling is writing a story that looks so close to "Sunset Boulevard". The character of Ida Lupino reflected a little too close Norma Desmond to be considered as an original concept. Martin Balsam embodies a character very similar to Erich von Stroheim, the husband turned master builder, whose loyalty is undeniable. Where the story differs, it has to do with how Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted of Corsia) invite Barbara Jean to enter the reality and clean the webs of spiders that paralyze his existence. Ida Lupino had no such reserve to take on roles that were "not big, but a beautiful showcase." It's a real treat to watch any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who appears from the past. Sometimes you get a double, as you do here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who have sometimes left their mark before the start of the series and sometimes after. Combined with the stories produced by the program, it is not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today.
