A THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to RAPTURE and the weeks that followed this momentous event. <br /> <br /> I really appreciated the production and content values ​​of this independent Christian movie. . <br /> <br /> VALUES OF PRODUCTION. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a shoe budget, so it'll be a little tacky (if your standard is the Hollywood A-list fare). But, correctly compared to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. Narrative is more important than style, costumes and music. Is the story compelling? Do dramatic moments work? Does the trajectory of history reach a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an absolute "yes". By the way, the really important technical aspects - continuity, sound, lighting - are going well. The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> VALUE OF THE CONTENT. The message of the film is superb. When you consider the number of ideas developed by the filmmaker in the space of 69 minutes, you start to appreciate his art. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of going back, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of a satanic government dominating the world, endowed with flare, imagination and - above all - for an evangelical film - with biblical precision. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good narrator. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He shows us by action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is done in a sub-plot where the keeper of the zoo is bitten by a venomous snake and almost dies. The only remedy is the blood of someone who is immune to the poison of the snake. Poison is like sin; the remedy is like the blood of Christ poured on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has various characters explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Thus, the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> The fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains a dialogue and scenes that convey a clearly defined message of salvation, formulated in explicitly evangelical Christian language, in images and theology, is also perfectly acceptable. It is absurd to criticize this film because it is explicitly Christian. This amounts to criticizing a Nike advertisement for the promotion of sportswear. What would the evangelical Christian filmmakers do if not a film that exposes their case? In addition, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that unbelievers will be left in a world without God is, again, perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker admirably uses the dramatic potential of this idea. How can I know? I heard about a robbery at night by a woman who had seen the show on her return in 1974; he still lived in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you tell about this? All around, a very pleasant and stimulating show. I plan to show it to my group of teenagers in church.
