Elvira Mistress of the Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Sharon Hays, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Scottish lore, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Scenario Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, mistress of the shadow was an icon of the 80s television that had its own show of late-night cable. She has hosted and presented classic American horror movies, mostly campers, while providing her own jokes and humorous commentary. Actress Cassandra Peterson has won this success so far. In 1988, his first film was released. While playing herself, she is stuck in the organization of monster film shows but she longs for her own show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. His agent, Manny, is a disappointment. Shortly after, she inherits a mansion of a deceased parent, a dog and a cookbook. She is claiming her inheritance in a small Nevada town - she was on her way to Vegas and she lost her - and quickly raises concerns in the sleeping community. Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg), a straightforward Conservative city councilwoman, soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. Her voluptuous figure and her winning personality quickly attract the youth of the city. She falls for the city's builder / carpenter, Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), but before a real relationship can flourish, she finds herself in a difficult situation. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard) is a long-time wizard who inherited part of Elvira's parent's fortune and inherited part of his wealth fortune. He has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "cookbook" is actually a powerful book of magic, a power he wants to claim for himself. He plans to knock down Elvira by burning it in the city. How is Elvira going out of this one? The film was not a hit at the box office, attracting a crowd of young audiences mostly familiar with the Elvira cable show. In fact, it's a fun movie that's good. The script is full of all sorts of jokes, some bad, some good, many sexual insinuations, visual jokes and a feeling of general encampment, that is to say the last hilarious scene in which Elvira finally got his own striptease in Vegas. This film is a cult classic for fans of Elvira. You could not enjoy this movie otherwise. It's also a return to 80's pop culture. Elvira was as much an icon of the 80s as Alf, Vicky the robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
