From the beginning of her career in the 70's and throughout the exuberant 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror movies and monsters. While Ms. Peterson has taken on a variety of supporting roles in motion picture films, covering a wide variety of genres, her television character Elvira has brought her the most fame. Part of its charm ?? and respect for fans ?? lies in the fact that it has never turned its back on the kind of horror that made it famous (unlike many other famous actors and actresses who like to distance themselves from their "early" work). I only saw excerpts from her TV performances, but her role as a cameo in the Miss Ghoultown tribute song, "Mistress of the Dark," really inspired me to watch more of her films. One thing was clear to me already long before this music video: over the years, Elvira had become a force of influence itself in the early 80's. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after the movies As "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" included tributes and parodies on his work on television, the film finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", the film. I had already seen the trailer at the time of the VHS rental, but it took me until last week to finally see the movie. A few years ago, I managed to watch "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it did not impress me so much. Was it really forgettable or should I give it another watch? In fact, I really want to watch it now, because this first 1988 Elvira film really convinced me. If Sam Egan and John Paragon may be partly responsible for the quality of this film, there is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a keen sense of comedy (she also co-wrote the screenplay). . <br /> <br /> When Elvira discovers that she is one of the beneficiaries of a great aunt (she has never heard of it), she considers it a long-time favorite for her own show in Las Vegas. In search of her legitimately inherited money, she travels to a peaceful city in New England. But Falwell's restless townspeople are going to feast on themselves. In no time at all, she manages to shock and insult all the remarkable inhabitants of the small conservative city with her provocative (often involuntary) behavior. To make matters worse, her legacy turns out not to be what she expected: a dilapidated mansion, a cookbook and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her wicked uncle Vincent Albot, knows that his great aunt was a witch and the recipe book contains recipes for concocting the darkest powers. And if you have not stopped the movie before Elvira has cooked her first recipe book, rest assured, you'll sit down with that smile all by yourself. <BR /> <br /> It's amazing to see how an assembled scenario of boob jokes, witty duplicates, movie references, indoor jokes and gustatory gusto can also tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but consistent. While other films, relying heavily on gag situations, often leave you completely lost the thread of the story (like the "Naked Gun" movies, for example), this movie does not do that. Many horror comedies were produced in the 1980s, but few of them actually worked. And even less a parody of horror that does not derail at a given moment ("Killer Party", even if I am grateful to it to become completely crazy during the final) or that becomes too tedious ("Saturday 14" ). Although "Elvira" is more a comedy than horror, it does not lose track of what it does and continues constantly towards a slightly grotesque finale, with a supernatural confrontation in the streets of Falwell between the new witch Elvira and the nasty uncle Talbot, including a real honest witch hunt with God and Elvira's own burning moment. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that could make this movie not funny. One of the first laughs I had was during the opening credits, when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his weak-minded macho face). How not to forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh with his face in this one. And by the way: I could never have imagined that Elvira looked so cool as she walked away unconsciously from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not give a better rendering to this photo.
