"Why did they make them so big, why did not they just give the money to the poor?" A student asked the question about the cathedrals to Mr. Harvey during a school visit to Salisbury Cathedral. "It's a good question," he replied. "Partly to inspire them - to get them to look up with fear." I'm not sure that the cathedrals have that impact on everyone, but this film certainly had that impact on me. It was great! <br /> <br /> It did not start like that. For a while, it's little more than a simple representation of a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you have already taken part in a school trip to high school, that's about it. You have a group of largely uninterested children, happy to not go to school for a day, the bus driver driven mad by them and teachers trying desperately to control everything. Being there, doing this, getting the t-shirt was my first reaction. I thought that in the end, it would be the typical story of a teacher who would succeed in inspiring a group of disinterested students. YAWNING! But it turns out to be a lot more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a dark and unsmiling teacher, fascinated by cathedrals. As the film progresses, its story slowly comes out and becomes the focal point of the story. We also met some students in difficulty, including Helen, played brilliantly by Nathalie Press, who uses herself. <br /> <br /> This film is not a religious film, but it contains powerful reflections. on religious themes. When his colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles), of Harvey, says, "I do not care what anyone believes so much that they do not try to impose it on anyone else," says Harvey, "this is is not tolerance, it's indifference! " - which is actually (in my opinion) what often goes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters and the final scene of the film was brilliant. As Harvey gets on the bus, director Susanna White sees the camera slowly moving upward, so the final shot is simply from the sky, which brings us back to Harvey's observation that the lens of the cathedral is to make people watch. The cathedral reaches its goal. We scour the universe with fear, seeking something greater than ourselves, whatever our choice. It's a very powerful and inspiring film. 9/10
