Match 1: Team Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started with a team table match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents must pass through tables to win the victory. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early by hammering Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex by Benoit in Bubba caught Brother Dudley's wind. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee held him back while Benoit and Guerrero clashed in a corner. As Benoit trampled on Bubba, Guerrero set a table outside. Spike rushed into the ring and made a somersault outside on Guerrero! After picking up and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slipped a table into the ring and helped Wolverine prepare it. The tandem then prepared for a double superplex of the middle rope that would have allowed Bubba to get through the table, but Spike knocked over the table just before his brother crashed! Guerrero and Benoit stalled another table in the corner and tried to get him through Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba rushed inside and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents in the back of the body! Bubba slammed Guerrero and Spike crushed the Wolverine from the top of the rope. Bubba held Benoit away for Spike to ride in the Wassup! headbutt! Shortly after, Benoit caught Spike at the Crossface, but the match continued even after the match was over. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and managed to spread Benoit on a table. Bubba jumped from the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba through the woods! But because his opponents did not force him to pass through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first man was eliminated soon after, while Spike put Eddie at a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring apron outside! Benoit gave Spike a minute to tie the score. In a few seconds, Bubba managed a Bubba bomb that put Benoit to a table and gave the Dudleys victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble against Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia with him to the ring for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman locked themselves up and tipped in the ring, but went inside and attacked a little more. When Kidman thwarted Noble's movements, Noble escaped outside the ring where Nidia encouraged her. The fight spread outside the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was removed with a modified support bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injuries hindered him, but he continued to fight. Noble tried to shelter Kidman with a powerbomb, but the challenger countered the problem. Kidman went to finish things with a shooting star press, but Noble stopped his attempt. Kidman went to look for Shooting Star Press again, but this time, Noble came out of danger. Noble tipped Kidman into a power bomb soon after and managed to retain his WWE Cruiserweight title! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal faced Jeff Hardy to try to win the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope and then down with a hurracanrana from the ring deck. Back in the ring, Jeff hit Whisper in the wind to hit Regal for a loop. Jeff went to get Swanton's bomb, but Regal had his knees to hit him with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick cumulation and managed to keep the title of European champion! Regal started screaming as Hardy celebrated his return to the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena's career in their upcoming Vengeance match. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson as their match started with the overhang. Jericho continued to hit Cena around the ring until his mood prevailed. While he was on the top rope, Jericho started to show the boat and allowed Cena to catch him for a superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-swirl slam, but was shot with a nasty dropkick at the intestine. The rookie recovered and hit one belly to another, but could not put away Y2J. Jericho went into the Lionsault but Cena dodged the move. Jericho nailed a bulldog, then connected to the Lionsault, but did not choose the cover. He helped Cena to stand up and lay the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, reversing the move by trying a pin and getting the 1-2-3! Jericho went crazy after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD against Brock Lesnar via disqualification The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View entangled with the Intercontinental Championship in play. Brock takes the title of the referee and pose him momentarily on his shoulder while watching RVD. The speed of Van Dam allowed Brock to play early. The tall man stepped out of the ring and kicked the steel stairs, frustrated. Brock pulled himself together and began to take charge. As Paul Heyman beamed to the edge of the ring, Brock slammed RVD on the hard ground outside the ring. From there, Brock began to master RVD by throwing it easily over the top rope. RVD landed painfully on the back, then had to have the spine cracked against the steel steps. The fight returned to the ring with Brock squeezing RVD around the ribs. RVD broke up and soon after leveled Brock with a kick at the temple. RVD followed with the Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to break off after two accounts. The fight seemed to end soon when RVD attempted a Frog Five-Star Splash. Brock, however, hoisted Van Dam over his shoulder and fetched the F-5, but RVD turned Brock into a DDT and followed him with the Splash Frog! He went to get the pin, but Heyman removed the referee from the ring! The referee immediately called for disqualification and soon exchanged hits with Heyman! Afterwards, RVD jumped on Brock from the top of the rope and then threatened to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock picked up the champion and this time connected the F-5 to a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T played the Big Show face-to-face. Show resisted kicks, punches and slapped Booker in the corner. After being ejected from the ring, Booker took a chair near the ring, but Big Show hit her in the face. Booker tried to get back into the game by strangling Show with a camera cable in the ring. Booker broke a TV screen of the Spanish advertisers' position in Show's skull and then kicked a scissor kick that put both men at the table! Booker returned to the ring and Big Show staggered moments later. Show grabbed Booker's throat but was hit by a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbed the top rope and kicked his leg! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H went into the ring with a resounding ovation as fans hoped to know where the game would be played. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for getting involved in his personal affairs. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never be there again. Bischoff said he has spent the last two years networking in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE superstar, and that they were all talking about Triple H. Bischoff was assured that if Triple H signed with RAW, he would get the best opportunities to his credit. Stephanie McMahon is out to make her own speech. She said that, because of her personal history with Triple H, they know each other very well. She said that both of them were once unstoppable and that they can be again. Bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop. Stephanie said that Triple H had already told him how Bischoff claimed that Triple H had neither talent nor charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has a lot more experience than Stephanie. The two men continued to fight each other, until Triple H came up with his microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "you screw" to one or the other. Triple H shook hands with Bischoff, but pulled him away. He said he'd rather go with the devil he knows than the one he does not know. Before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels came out to make things happen. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause problems. He did not want to be involved, but he remembered his promise to bring Triple H to the nWo. HBK stated that there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is a best friend. HBK told his friend to imagine the two men together again, making Bischoff's life hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. He then turned around and hugged HBK, formalizing his move to RAW! Triple H and HBK left and Bischoff was delighted with his victory. Bischoff explained that the difference between them was that he had testicles and that she did not have any. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the side of the head and left! Match 7: Team Championship Match Match between Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match started with big "USA" slogans and with Hogan beating Christian across the ropes and out of the box. ring. Canadians have taken over. But Edge kicked Christian's head and planted a face on Storm to tag Hogan. Hogan started to get up and quickly grabbed Christian with a big boot and a drooping leg! Storm separated the count and Christian sent Hogan out of the ring where Storm received the kick of the icon. Edge scored shortly after and dropped both opponents. He threw them both into the corner turnbuckles, but missed a spear on Strom and hit the hard weapon instead. Edge scored a DDT, but the referee was down and could not count. Test slipped and shot Hogan then leveled Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge was kicked out after two minutes. Riksihi rushed to repel Test, allowing Edge to recover and launch Storm. Christian distracted the referee, and Y2J rushed and scored Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm turned around and managed to win the title! Winners and New Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: Triple Threat Match at the WWE Championship. The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and The Undertaker Three of the biggest superstars of the WWE competed in a Triple Threat Match with the unresolved Indisputable Championship. Taker and The Rock came face-to-face with Kurt Angle asking for attention. He drew attention in the form of a defeat of the other two men. Shortly after, Taker comes off the ring and The Rock is fighting with Angle. Angle gave a series of suplexes that helped defeat Rock, but the Great One responded with a DDT capable of handling double counting. The fight continued outside the ring, Taker coming to life, doubling Angle and slamming The Rock repeatedly. Taker and Rock returned to the ring, and Taker dropped The Rock with a slam of the pavement to get a double. Rock bounced, grabbed Taker by the throat and choked him! Angle broke the hairpin attempt that would probably have given the title to The Rock. The Rock replied by tying the ankle lock to Kurt Angle. Angle has reversed the movement and Rock Bottomed, the champion of the people. Shortly after, The Rock set Angle and struck the People's Elbow on Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage by neutralizing the Great One outside the ring and covering Taker, who was expelled after two accounts. Outside the ring, Rock took a sip of a bottle of water nearby and vomited the liquid on Taker's face to blind the champion. Taker did not remain handicapped for a long time and managed to master Rock and draw his attention to Angle. Taker put a guillotine leg on Angle, placed on the ring apron. The Rock stood up just in time to interrupt a pin attempt on Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and prepared it for a chokeslam. ANgle tried to sneak around with a steel chair, but Taker grabbed that stupidity and slapped it in his hands. The referee was caught in the ensuing fire and did not see Angle hitting Taker with a steel chair. Angle covered Taker while The Rock was lying on his back, but the Dead Man got up one way or another. Angle tried to pin Rock, but he too was kicked out. The Rock got up and landed on Angle in the sniper! Angle seemed about to exploit, but Taker expelled The Rock from the hold. Taker picked up Rock and crushed it with the last trick. While the Dead Man covered him for the victory, Angle rushed and picked up Taker in the lock at the ankle! Taker raved with pain, but managed to counter. He picked Angle for the last lap, but Angle had a triangular throttle! It seemed like Taker was about to faint, but The Rock broke Angle's grip to get stuck in the ankle lock. Rock came out of the socket and looked at Angle, Taker's chokeslam. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to come down and was evicted. Angle pivoted Taker in the Slam Angle but was Rock Bottomed by the Great and pinned! Winner and new WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV! Lately, the VPP was not very good, but this one was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
