Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, sorrow and grief can be unbearable. However, it is sometimes the memories they leave that cause the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly described in the short film 'Tulip', directed by the famous Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film "as much on memories as on love", a chain of sensitivity and sentimentality is cleverly introduced in this triumphant film of 15 minutes. <br /> <br /> "Tulip" is a beautifully crafted, touching and comforting story of a man who has realized the loss of his wife by the relationship he has with a very special, "Tulip". The film begins with a dawning dawn, the song of birds and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. Soft music plays, marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She is wearing a floral dress and an apron with a sun hat over her head. She gently strokes Tulip, caresses his ears and strokes his back. The furnishing of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is remarkable (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she pours the milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of camaraderie and teamwork. Not a word is said but it is obvious that their relationship is close and loving; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The tragic death of Ruth deeply affects Will. An effective scene of fading cars underscores Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon, he sinks into depression and forgets his environment when everything seems hopeless and lost. At the time of Will's desperation, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the authentic bond that Will has with his deceased wife. It is through Tulip that Will learns to cope with Ruth's absence and overcome the heartbreaking feeling of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is described in a realistic and solid way, especially Will's part. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character to life through his personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is actually reflected in his acting. Each sagging shoulder and frown on his forehead causes the viewer to feel deep empathy for the character. The character of Ruth is wonderfully interpreted by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a word throughout the film, her sweet personality and her love affair with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give charming performances in supportive roles as a friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add subtle humor to the bitter-sweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote of Griffith's childhood, the story of the loss and discovery is remarkably captured in 'Tulip'. Beautifully shot and superbly interpreted, this film will surely make you confused, triumphant or want to drink a cup of milk.
