I read a few reviews of this TV movie that all said that the movie was dragging on too long and that it was essentially sensational entertainment. I agree that the film may last a little too long (2:30 would have been enough ...), but I certainly do not think it produces sensationalism. Jim Jones' long journey of power and his slow deterioration into mental illness, paranoia and drug addiction are never treated in a voyeuristic way. The film takes its time to show how Jones recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are remarkable in this regard), but also to observe a strange change in Jones' perception of reality. It is bewildering to see an egalitarian, leftist and compassionate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film does not sufficiently explore Jones' motives, which sometimes makes the test a little superficial (perhaps also related to censorship ...) but the fascinating performance of Powers Boothe makes all this true. I do not know the details of Jim Jones' real life, but Boothe makes the monster he plays believable and real. The film features many striking scenes, including Jones 'preaching, his meeting with Divine Father (a notable James Earl Jones), Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty)' s visit to the Guyanese camp, and of course the stage. suicide. It's a pretty dark sight to watch and Boothe is pretty imposing in these last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as a disciple suddenly skeptical, just like Veronica Cartwright (wife of Jones) and Brad Dourif, especially when it comes time to drink the murderous potion. The relative calmness of the end of the scene, the elegant direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment all contribute to making these images impossible to erase from the mind. A troubling reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. Watch out, if only to keep in mind one of the most horrible events of the twentieth century. Do not let it repeat itself again. As, ironically, the inscription in the camp of Jim Jones: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat it".
