Most comic hit movies are usually based on the fact that villains are larger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a demented line or two of dialogue. Tim Burton Batmans had it, and Sin City (even more grotesque). With Warren Beatty, producer / director / star of Dick Tracy, villains pile up until he's part of the frame. Like a noisy tribute to gangster images of the 1930s - this time it's meant for children, not for the darkest Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy is filled, happily, with archetypes and bright primary colors, where criminals wear shoulder guns and form faces to shape their personality. The bad guys like the Stooge, the shoulders, the lips, the forehead, the mumblings, the white, the waist, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names of his characters that match their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw capable of cutting the glass. The film is a continuation of visual gags that are perfectly taken seriously. <br /> <br /> If, at the time, movies like Batman and (underestimated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker representations of reality in the outlines of a comic, Dick Tracy is more "old school". It's a story of cops and scammers, or rather a police officer, Detective Tracy trying to dismantle Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what is undoubtedly his greatest performance to date, and which has meaning for his grandiose style). but without such luck. There is also a small child, called simply the kid (Charlie Korsmo, who brings somehow to this little more cum than one would have imagined), and the love interest of Tracy for Tess. And then there's the 'lady' nightclub (Madonna, who probably does not give a great acting performance, but maybe that's fine with the role, and she sings very well when prompted), who will not testify unless Tracy admits feelings he does not understand. not for her. Then there are complicated transactions of taking Tracy to the floor and a mysterious, hoarse, hoarse figure. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, as if you're imitating a Howard Hawks movie with a splash of visual effects and bigger explosions, Dick Tracy adds comedy wink and action like his syrup on a big stack of pancakes. It's a marvel to look at this world, which is created in a way that fascinates them and that would have been fascinated today would only be by mere computer proxy (eg Sin City, which can be rightly compared to Beatty movie). We are guided in this world on great shots, then in the plot, or anything of that kind, in large editing montages with camera angles that seem to come out of these small panels inclined in old comics. I almost remember the Cotton Club during these sequences, because the story, the music, the details and a few BIG punches and shots reveal what needs to be said, which is actually no more than it is necessary. And there's a bunch of catchy dialogs from the script (one of my favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy", no more Pacino references to other numbers in quotation marks). <br /> <br /> Returning to this scene after seeing it for the first time in the cinema (and remembering only small things), Dick Tracy is a fantasy cooking to the highest degree. He is filled with good humor for the children, and beautiful actions take place without the most sinister intent of his comic strip movies (ie PG-13 fare). plume and a solid feel for the non-subtle. Even Dustin Hoffman takes care of it, and he hardly says an audible word!
