The opening credits give rise to a brilliant and entertaining piece of escape entertainment that is full of little nods to comics. All the good are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is full of actors of known characters, covered with macabre makeup, which reflect their characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, ace Dick Tracy is the most stout, heterosexual, incorruptible, calm man, always better fighter than the other, and rarely able to push the limits of legality. Al Pacino, as "Big Boy" Caprice steals every scene in which he finds himself as a gangster backed by an untouched party in an anonymous gangster metropolis of the 1930s. Maddonna plays the kind of person with whom she would probably have the more talented, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and a femme fatale with her own little agenda. Gleanne Headly is the long-time girl both hard and fiercely independent of Tracy. And then there's The Kid, a funny street kid who Tracy takes over as a role model for his mother's father, and rescues Tracy when the detective accepted his fate after blowing it up. <br /> <br /> The other players are: Who's who actors of character. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is the district attorney, who was bribed by Big Boy's criminals to keep him off the street. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn as Mumbles, the sharp, whose dialect is so indecipherable that the cops can not do the head or tail of what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters on which Big Boy forms a particular allegiance to create a network of crime spreading throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the pianist of the Breathless show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former benefactor of Breathless until Big Boy gives him "bath". James Caan uses relatively little makeup in his performance as the only gangster not to follow Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the executives of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This film retains all the grain of the comic, in addition to vibrant colors. Almost all costumes are made in blues and greens and yellows and reds. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this film - and even more! The used matt paints truly realize this world as two dimensions, acting only in three-dimensional sets. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he has played before or since. Big Boy is a little crazy and pitiful. He is an eccentric little man who is proud to quote our founding fathers and to compare himself to great political leaders. The man on the plan is always looking for the smartest way to do business.
