I recently watched Spirit and enjoyed it a lot. I have already seen about 4 times on HBO and I will buy the DVD. Those who have made negative reviews would probably think that "Vanishing Point" is just a car chase movie and that "Thelma & Louise" is just another girls movie. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I think that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. The other trait common to these films is the caring and thoughtful type of "guardian angels" that helps the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another criticism mentions here the link which unites this film with the theme of the civilization which invades the people home. Just look around to see that. <br /> <br /> I found the animation and the story incredible, the animators really encouraged the horses to watch, play and move naturally. . Spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I'm aware that they humanise horses a bit, but it's a fiction). In some action scenes, you feel caught up in the rapids and the heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most of the time), you are allowed to enjoy the backgrounds. One of the great things that makes history really work is not to follow the path of conversation, singing animal song. It would take power away from history. Instead, the main character tells the thread of the story using occasional narrations. The fantastic soundtrack adds punch. Another advantage is that they were not afraid to give the story a dark side (which really made this movie visible). However, this is not common throughout the film, and the conclusion is right and inspiring without being undermined. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a movie horse. I do not think it would be a good movie to take the kids if they are raised with the foolish price that is offered today. But if they are the thoughtful kind that can handle fascinating stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Damn, I'm 35 and I always LOVE this stuff.
