Towards the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the American West, many cowboys in need of money went on a hunt for bison. The leader of the group believes that buffaloes are too numerous for the hunt to have an impact, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse and he is not so sure. Featuring buffalo herds living in South Dakota and showing a movie about the actual hunt (the introduction of the film explains it as a necessary clarification of the flock), the film does a great job in presenting us the fate of the buffalo and its effects on Native Americans without ever being preached about it. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family created by the small group formed to hunt. The figure of the father is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs his work after losing his livestock. A half Indian boy, who hates the fact that he looks totally Caucasian, assumes the role of foster son. The grandfather (and the moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo skinner; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after stealing his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting character. He is mean and insulting to all around him, but at the same time he knows they are the only family and the only friends he has. He expects the abducted Indian women to hate and then accept him, but he does not know how to react when she refuses to do so. It is he who put the family together in the first place, but it is also the one who is destined to destroy it. <br /> <br /> This is very similar to the classic "Red River", which also includes a family somehow torn apart by the increasingly violent and alienated father figure. As you might expect, this movie suffers in comparison. The plot is not so focused on developing the dynamics of the characters and family, and the management fails to keep all the scenes of work to achieve this common goal. From the beginning, Charlie is so unfriendly that we have no reason to worry about what is happening to him or his family. On the positive side, though, the message about the buffalo massacre adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood ending that was set at the end of "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, of very good quality, but which does not answer what would be necessary to consider it as a classic.
