One of the most prominent gangster films of the 80s, Scarface is truly a film of its time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it yells at you, "made in 1983". The costumes, the score and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake. This is a movie about crime in the 80s and it should have been horribly dated. It's always a great movie. Even though Georgio Moroder's music is quite old, it still complements Tony Montana's story, thanks to Oliver Stone's superb screenplay and Brian De Palma's one-of-a-kind staging. he made with Pacino (the other being the fantastic Carlito's Way). All De Palma trademarks are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on that later), elegant excesses such as grandiose scenery and of course stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the film and I think it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance at its height is one of those films where Pacino does not say his words so much that he shouts them, this time with a superb Cuban accent. However, it's Pacino and he does it wonderfully. Only he could go so far on top and still get out of the movie with his playful integrity with tact. Although some may complain that he shouts out of his lines and excess, it is an excessive film. Take a look at Tony's home production design, take a look at the violence in this movie. The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and there is blood everywhere. The shooting in the end has corpses falling at a rate that is more similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of coke displayed in the movie. Pacino's performance is therefore perfectly adapted to the film. It is supported by actors who are more like saying their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, especially Tony's best friend Manny, plays the lead role in distribution. His performance is so mastered and quiet, like De Niro, it's amazing how he ended up going straight to soft video porn. Of course, Michelle Pfeiffer adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravity as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes an excellent start as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's not just a movie about excesses. There is more than drugs, violence, chainsaw assault and a large shooting. It's a film on the dark side of the American dream. In many ways, this places it on a theme comparable to Godfather's films. Tony finds himself in America to have everything, live the American dream, then lose it violently, and saying that he loses everything, I mean he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire literally crumbles around him and, moreover, he is killed in his own house, bullets tearing him apart. <br /> <br /> Without doubt, Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80s. Of course, it does not have the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but it's still a good movie that deserves that we go back again and again.
