I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the movie's release. It was great to see this on the big screen, because we lose a lot of it on TVs and we can not emphasize the overall importance of this project. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic jacket that leads to the wealth of hell with Al Pacino in the role of Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the immigration wave of Cuban boat people in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get the green cards by sending a political figure to Tent City and after a brief stay in a Cuban restaurant. Tony is on his horrible path to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Most of the characters in this movie have been played in such a skillful and enjoyable way that I have not forgotten this movie in the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's boss, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is skewed by too much confidence and, as Tony quickly understands, sweet. Lopez's right arm, Omar Suarez, is described by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.). Suarez is the ultimate toad and will do everything for Frank. it's like he does not have his own mind. Tony sees him quickly and constantly struggles with Suarez, but only really sees it as a minor problem to overcome to get to the top. The character that always comes back to me as if perfectly played is Mel Bernstein, the audaciously corrupt Miami Narcotics detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, Mel, without feeling guilty, extorts large sums of money from the drug industry. He plays Tony out of Frank until he catches up with him in a scene that marks the release of Frank and Mel's movie. It does not matter to hear Frank ask Mel to intercede, while Tony is about to kill him, but to hear Mel say, "It's your tree Frank, you're sitting there. " It was on the part of the man that Frank had paid for his protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's ascent is a meteorite and his speed and intensity are only equaled by his rapid fall and burn. After offending Frank and taking his wife and his business, Tony's greed prevails and he never seems to get enough. As Tony delves deeper into the world of drugs, greed and the inability to trust, he finally kills his best friend and sister who has fallen in love and married. All this defines the end in which Tony's complex is stormed by an army of his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not suffer an orderly political assassination. All of this stems from a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder that would have involved the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> In short, this is an excellent representation of the culture of cocaine and excesses of the 1980s. DePalma is very good at organizing everything in one of the fastest films of three hours. The violence is extremely graphic and contains a few scenes that will remain forever etched in the minds of viewers, especially the appalling chainsaw seen, the two shots at close range on the head and all the bloody fray that ends the film. This is a highly recommended stylistic film that is not for dummies, nor for those who need optimistic ends and potential consequences; DePalma let everything fly here.
