"A classic is something everyone wants to read but no one wants to read, and a classic is something everyone praises but no one has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> The word "classic" seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's 1983 film about opulence, surrender, greed and danger among the Florida drug network. People and critics (and rappers by the way) consider this film to be a "gangster epic classic" or "a gangster movie mix". When it's all but. It is rented for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a fantastic film that deserves all the praise from the public, but all the praise it receives from the public today. As a result, the general public did not understand the most subtle remarks he made. <br /> <br /> First, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past wanting to escape communism and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's staging genius, and the beautiful story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he's written a very good one here) play on all that. The characters all seek an escape, because the escape is a natural element treated by all in the film. Each character has something to offer that makes him likable to anyone who appreciates this movie. They are entwined in a world of mysticism and money, but all this comes at a price, as they all learn. Each character thinks he has better chances in life when, in a dramatic irony, he gets worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who rent the film for his drug use, his violence, his dialogue, have completely missed the boat. The film is not really positive except for the positive expectations of the characters. And that's why the movie works so well. The devastation through the film serves to convey the message of the film, not to look cool or to attract the spectators. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult gangsters or brainless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next, the film is an adult drama. This is not a "gangster movie". It has its share of action, but the action is traced with care, so it has a meaning. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a great silent action movie, and most viewers view this movie as a great silent gangster movie about drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Bullshit. If this movie is about that, then that's how bad it is. Not a promotion of it. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie is really a great movie. He has an excellent cinematography that draws you into the story. His score is very dramatic (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which could just give you chills or make you cry. The film is rather long, but it's a story and every moment counts. The acting game is great. Al Pacino - enough said. He can play all the roles he thinks of, and that's no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, in the role of Manny. I did not think much about him in other films, but he makes you love when he is directed by Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a jewel like Elvira. After being embarrassed by some sort of embarrassment in "Grease 2", she got her ticket to mount a flawless performance of a beauty that exceeds expectations. Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio is Tony's sister, Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, sees her soul and her new way of life and watches her deteriorate. Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him as such; and Miriam Colom as torn mother of Tony and Gina. These three dig the film as deeply as possible. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned a main thing by watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always go in an unsuspecting movie. All the hype and discussions on this film can not prepare you for what you really see. The mere fact of knowing De Palma (like me) can even give you a glimpse of what this film contains. So ignore the bullshit of rap, ignore fans of senseless violence, and get yourself a drink of Bailey's on the rocks, and treat yourself to a moving view of a great movie, the real "Scarface".
