In 1983, director Brian De Palma began making a film about the rise and fall of an American gangster with the help of Oliver Stone's brilliant screenplay and impeccable work by an exceptional distribution. The result was "Scarface", featuring Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port of Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban nationals to join their families in the United States. 125,000 people left Cuba at that time, for the sake of freedom in America, and most were honest and hard-working people, grateful for the opportunities they had been offered. But not at all. Of the "marielitos" who arrived in Florida, about 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing less than the dregs of Cuba's jails - criminals considered irrecoverable, which Castro had simply wanted to get rid of. And they too saw America as a land of opportunity, even if Al Capone had considered Chicago fifty years earlier. Among the most ambitious, there was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), nicknamed "Caracortada" by his associates. Scarface. <br /> <br /> Now that he was free from the yoke of communism under which he had grown up, Montana wanted what he felt was coming, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he got off the boat in Florida, he was determined to have everything. Wealth and power - that was Montana's dream, and he would do it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami called Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez had, it seems, a brother in Cuba who had suffered an untimely end at the hands of one of Castro's idiots, a man who, having survived his usefulness to Castro, had been summarily scrapped and was currently held in Little Havana, "With Montana and all the Cubans near the boats, they waited for their government papers that would ease their transition into their new life. And very quickly, Montana makes sure that Lopez's brother is avenged and opens the way for his own entry into the underworld of America. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, In return, Montana and his friend Manny (Steven Bauer) are released from the detention camp and put them to work. In his day, Capone may have used smuggling as a means of gaining illicit profits in his coffers, but Lopez has the modern equivalent and is even more lucrative: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and indoctrinates him in life, but once he has tasted it, Montana will no longer be satisfied with the slightest crumb that Lopez deems fit to throw at him, and he sets a course that will will lead where he wants to be: at the top. With a cold iron will, Montana decides he will do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the price. but before it is finished, he will realize the price of his dream and pay for it; but for a brief moment he may know what it is to be the man. And he will also know if it was worth it. <br /> <br /> According to De Palma's vision, Pacino plays Montana larger than life, and he does it beautifully. From the focus he has (he has done extensive research to make sure he understands - and he did), to body language and attitude, he has it all. to please, and that makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings to the role is the nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro would be one) can. This is certainly not a nice character in any way, there is nothing in Montana that you can easily identify on a personal level; but Pacino's on-screen presence is so strong that it makes him a very captivating character, even if it's hard to become emotionally involved with him. It's simply a dynamic and memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also gives a strong performance in the role that puts her on the path of fame. As Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and discreet, giving the impression of what's going on underneath while affecting a rather cold, far-off outside face. Like Pacino, she clearly makes her presence felt as she slips quite faithfully on the screen with stoic, enigmatic and stifling behavior. <br /> <br /> The secondary cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana)), Murray F. Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor of the most recent and highly acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow", as well as to have a culminating scene reminiscent of "The Wild Bunch" of Peckinpah, "The Scarface" of Peckinpah, initially criticized by critics, has since been quoted by many to be the definitive saga of American gangsters. Much of the violence is implicit rather than graphic, but this film still has a realism that many might find unsettling. But if you stay with it, there is a lesson to be learned at the end. And like many lessons in life, the most useful are often the most difficult to take at once. But the reward is still worth it, and that's how it is with this movie. I note this one 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
