Those who have rated this production so low have probably never seen George Balanchine's famous live production on stage, nor let their disdain for Macaulay Culkin's casting influence their judgment. The Atlanta Ballet had the chance, between the 1960s and the 1980s, to be the first ballet company allowed to stage this production other than the New York City Ballet, and I've seen it on stage several times before. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate rendering of this production and that the use of a child with limited dance skills in the lead role is not a cheap waterfall imagined to present Culkin; Balanchine came up with the idea of ​​using a child in this role, as did the idea of ​​using a child for Mary's role. The "heavy" dance is left to the adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a film related to a scene; in a sense, it looks like Laurence Olivier's "Othello". Exactly as in this film, the sets of the scenic production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundtrack, but are no less artificial, and the ballet is directly photographed with discrete close-ups and without the quick cuts. music video "annoying. presented in the canceled version of 1986 by Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. This 1993 film has only two false steps. One is the addition of distracting and totally useless sound effects (squeaks of mice, children whispering "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard in any theatrical production of any "The Nutcracker", and they have been touted as an inexpensive franchise simply to appease an unsuspecting audience who might not want to watch a ballet on video. <br /> <br /> The other wrong step is Macaulay Culkin's Nutcracker makeup, which looks absolutely ridiculous. When he is on screen as the Nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as is always the case when Balanchine's production is performed on stage), Culkin is actually made up as a toy - he wears what looks like a bald cap, as well as a white wig, whiskers and a beard. He also has a slightly pinched face and the worst aspect of his makeup is that he is always recognizable, his face has been transformed in an amateur manner in a similar way to that of Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in "The Wizard "(The make-up results of this movie, however, have worked dramatically, which is not the case with this one). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * his * production shows how marvelously creative Baryshnikov's Nutcracker Mask was - the "jaws" seemed to move every time Baryshnikov tilted his head back. The version is excellent, of course, with the exception of Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not supposed to be spectacular. (The fairy Sugar Plum and her Cavalier are the main roles in the production of Balanchine's "The Nutcracker".) However, the colors of the film could be a little brighter because it's a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant and his adaptation is fairly faithful to include the sequence that includes an additional music of Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" - while Mary sneaks down, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer "repairs" "Broken Nutcracker (this sequence was of course never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet - this is the only sequence in this production that presents music from a work other than" Nutcracker " "). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this movie, or those who despise it (or hate it) should give it a chance, despite its two big drawbacks. it seems when you hear for the first time that Culkin is in it.
