Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's Holocaust film Europa Europa, this theatrical third feature film by a filmmaker who never ceases to surprise, inspire or provoke A shock is a strange, nostalgic and elaborate film about a naïve American in Germany after the end of the Second World War. The American, named Leo, does not really understand what he's doing there. He came to help rebuild the country because he thought it was time for Germany to show charity. Anyway, he is neither a Nazi sympathizer nor especially a pro-German, but simply a mix. His uncle, who works on the railroad, forces Leo to take a helmsman's post on a sleeper car, and he is increasingly caught in a vortex of the horrors and German riddles of 1945. <br /> < br /> This progression begins when Leo, Jean-Marc Barr, actor calm but worried, meets a sensual heiress in the train interpreted by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with soft surface but with inner vigor. She seduces him and then takes him home to meet his family, who owns the company that makes the trains. It is precisely these trains that killed Jews during the war, but they are now following a dull schedule and the uncle Kessler of the woman presents herself as another of those good Germans who were doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, the great actor who blew me away in Epidemic, Von Trier's second shocking movie, although he's only in a set. <br /> <br /> Eddie Constantine, a quiet actor, is another guest at home. force, playing a dark American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although it is completely disconcerting for Leo. Americans have been characterized for decades as gullible elements, but few have been more carefree than Leo, who returns to his work in what is gradually resembling his own personalized death train. <br /> <br /> The Danish director of the film, Lars Von Trier, tells this story in a deliberately uncoordinated way. Its anchor lies in the film's breathtaking montage and cinematography. He runs in black and white and in color, uses double exposures, optical effects and tricks, the actors interacting with the images projected back, he places his characters in a visceral world richly shaded, so that they feel sometimes like insects, caught between glass for our more accurate investigation. <br /> <br /> This surrealist work awarded by the Grand Jury Prize is allegorical, but perhaps in a different tone for each spectator. I interpret it as a film about the last stages of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and about the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who appeared too late to save the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they distributed their boats. During the shooting of the film, and the Nazi state, and of such importance to the train, are dead, but, like decapitated chickens, they persist in shaking in their reflexes. <br /> <br /> The characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammered and almost satirically drawn from the conventions of the film noir. The most fascinating points of the film are those entirely cinematographic. Two trains going back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on the other. A submarine blow of blood in proliferation. An unusually expressive sequence of what drowning should be. And above all, an anesthetic photo of the railway, because the voice of Max von Sydow urges us to return to Europe with him and give up our personal restraint.
