William Castle is known among horror fans as a director of the '50s and' 60s. His gadgets, cost-saving techniques and unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, author of many documentaries) finally takes the time to devote a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spine Tingler: The Story of William Castle". <br /> <br /> I knew very well who Castle was after seeing some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about his personal life, his goals and his ambitions. This film really fleshed out the man and allowed me to better understand the dedication he had for the craft of cinema and his contributions to the genre of horror. The film describes Castle as a rival of Alfred Hitchcock, with Hitch being the acclaimed artist, while Castle is the carnival farmer who gains cult notoriety but much less respect. He is an icon for all second-tier administrators, which is why it's no surprise that John Waters occupies a prominent place in this room. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have important roles.) <br /> <br /> These are his gimmicks that have earned him his fame, and the documentary takes a lot of trouble explaining them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the buzzer of "The Tingler" (see separate review), the money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... watching these films out of the theater, we can judge them for their content (which I personally still like), but we can not fully understand what audiences have felt. <br /> <br /> The highlight of the film is when Castle goes from cult director to Hollywood producer. After buying the rights to "Rosemary's Baby", he is placed in a very special place to negotiate the release of his film. In the hope of achieving, he is removed from the producer to give way to the new director Roman Polanski. Although disappointed at first, it turns out to be one of the best opportunities of his life: an extremely successful film and a job in which he excels. Who better to control the purse of the wild artist Polanski than a castle that pinches for a penny? That was his coronation, but unfortunately the film is more often linked to Polanski than to Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of her years are played, and her daughter and niece give us personal reflections. In all respects, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man. Somewhere along the way, he has probably upset one or two people, but you'll never know through this movie. And I find this find - it's a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to get a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would personally recommend choosing the William Castle Collection, which contains not only this film but eight Castle movies, special features. Even this documentary is accompanied by an audio commentary to help you understand how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle and let Castle's daughter, Terry, vividly reflect his experiences with the various films and remakes. It's almost a brand new movie.
