For some reason, this movie was never broadcast in its original language in my part of the country (despite the fact that it owns the TCM UK Cable channel, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles week after week). More disappointing, it is always M.I.A. on DVD ?? the Warners "Western Classics Collection" (which includes 3 other Robert Taylor projects); perhaps they reserve it for a possible "Signature Collection" devoted to this pillar of the MGM, which may come next year on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of his death? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film confers on him a rare, ugly role of selfish Western West, with a fanatical hatred for the Indians and who chooses to exploit his shooter talent by earning money easily to hunt buffaloes; an opening statement offers alarming statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As a partner, Taylor chooses a former trade professional, Stewart Granger ?? which rallies Lloyd Nolan, cross-legged alcoholic (who continually mocks the irascible and vindictive Taylor) and the half-breed Russ Tamblyn for this purpose. As expected, the relationship of society is fragile ?? This is reminiscent of the one at the center of Anthony Mann's THE NAKED SPUR (1953), another dark outdoor universe, the MGM. The film is in fact quite similar to the flavor and hardness of Mann's work in this field (although it is a premiere and premiere by author / director Brooks, but cumulatively , presented a remarkable diversity); here too, the story throws a feminine presence (Debra Paget, also a race) to argue between the two robust heads ?? and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, reluctantly returns to work (his remorse for killing buffaloes for mere sport and profit is actually realized). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers to see Taylor takes Paget for himself ?? she endures bravely but coldly her approaches while she secretly wants Granger ?? and lets out his frustration on the premises in a bar drunk! Taylor, himself, does not come out unscathed from the transaction: as the protagonist of the Treasury of the Sierra Madre (1948), he becomes shy and jealous of his associates, especially vis-à-vis a rare ?? and so precious ?? the skin of a white buffalo that they caught; he even becomes bison mad at a given moment (as Nolan had predicted), becoming illusory to take the roar of thunder for the hoofs of an imminent mass of the species! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive ?? buffaloes move, fall to the ground when touched, the endless list of catches of the day and carcasses that infest the meadows. The atypical but memorable outcome of the film is therefore justifiably famous: while Winter is in full swing, Taylor, now paranoid, searches for Granger's blood on the lookout in front of a cave (in which he and Paget have taken refuge) for To kill him; when Granger emerges the next morning, he discovers Taylor in a vaulted position ?? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Incidentally, my father has a copy of the heavy source novel of this one (of Milton Lott) dating from the release of the film: he actually collected a lot of these editions ?? After all, is this a practice still in vogue? where a book is reissued to promote his film adaptation. Similarly for recording, Taylor and Granger ?? who work very well each other here ?? had already been associated (as whale-hunting brothers!) to the maritime adventure ALL VALANT BROTHERS (1953) ??, which, oddly enough, is just as difficult to see (in fact, especially since this was not the case shown on Italian TV for what seems like ages) !!
