The quality of this film is simply incomparable by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon is diversifying into the film industry to recruit top prospects and make this piece of art a must. Brenda Fricker (The only house lost in New York, A time to kill), Ben Johnson (The last photo shoot, Red Dawn) and Adrien Brody (The pianist, The Village) amplify the atmosphere of the film, drawing in an audience worried. However, the dramatic performances are neutralized by Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow), former radio broadcaster. <br /> <br /> The story is centered around an adopted child, Joseph Gordon, an actor in the making. Levitt (Brick, The Belvedere). Companion Milton Davis Jr. delivers a heartbreaking performance as a long-time friend who has never known his parents. Both do not have much, but what they have: angel baseball and what they are looking for: identity. That's when Emmy-nominated Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) arrives to save the day as the frustrated director of the Angels, George Knox. In relation, all the characters of the story seem to have the same mission: to search in themselves who they really are. <br /> <br /> Depressed by the fact that Roger (JGL) is separated from his father, he wishes God for reunification if the angels can take the pennant. The chances are astronomical, but Christopher Lloyd, three-time winner of the Emmy Awards (Back to the Future, my favorite Martian) comes in as an omniscient supervisor to do some magic (pun intended). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) is sitting with Roger in the stands, eating crackers and provoking some of the biggest baseball racers! The scenario of Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells (Oscar DK candidate, GW Oscar Winner) of 1951 is brought to justice under the influence of the brain of William Dear (named in the Directors Guild of America). It includes a touching story centered around pitcher Mel Clark, starring Tony Danza (nominated four times in the Emmy-nominated Golden Globe), who compared to all other cast members simply trying to find his place in a confused Anaheim . Clark was nicknamed a wash, once a big name in Cinci, but he has something to prove to Knox manager. <br /> <br /> To spoil this bitter conspiracy would be simply to commit adultery in the 18th century. This one is a rough diamond, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until everyone reaches peace. Did I mention a Matthew McConaughey cameo (We are Marshall) for all of you, ladies?
