Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a movie star, Stewart Granger could not even stand to be heard? he even ripped a poster for the film when he presented it for signature in his last years? but then the director fled with his wife, so that's understandable. For all the others, it's one of the best adult westerns of the '50s and several years ahead of time in its attitude to the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, he plays almost like a sequel to Anthony Mann's Westerns, who see their heroes trained in their redemption, give it to their heart's content and howl at every step. Here, the legendary Granger buffalo hunter has already seen the light, but after a rush of buffaloes that cost him his herd of animals in a crisis of poetic justice, he is plunged back into darkness by the ruthless and proudly racist gun from Robert Taylor, justifying it by the motive "I already have guilty conscience, I might as well have the money too." Raised by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he causes when the endangered buffalo is about to disappear, and he becomes almost as consumed by self-loathing as Taylor by hatred. When do the two men fall on Debra Paget's squaw? the only survivor of a group of Indians Taylor kills ?? and a white buff skin that is priceless to hunters and Indians for very different reasons, a clash becomes inevitable, although the result is certainly not the case. <br /> <br /> Taylor's film is certainly ironic ?? It was Granger who declined many of MGM's epic roles in films like Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe that allowed Taylor to return to his fifties after years of steady decline. His hair color may not convince, but his performance is a shallow, violent man, so consumed by hatred that he does not carry a weapon, the weapon carries him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he is a good, quiet hero in Jimmy Stewart's mold, trying to keep his newfound decency and reconcile his actions with his convictions before finally making amends. Russ Tamblyn's Métis skinner and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged old man are as good as they get, but the real star is the script: a well-timed script, with an excellent eye and ear for the character ?? not to mention an end Stanley Kubrick borrowed for The Shining ?? he balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling or running. The new French DVD does not contain extras, but offers a transfer of 2.35: 1 with an English soundtrack.
