Although I do not usually take this kind of meal without a break for the heart, I caught the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on cable on a Saturday morning just at the beginning. As a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brody looked like when he was 21 (20 years old when he filmed it, I guess) as Danny Hemmerling, a utility player. California Angels (original 1951, The Pittsburgh Pirates were the baseball team that had a hard time changing name.The change of name is nice, because the title becomes a play on words). I decided to give the film a chance, and it turned out to be a pretty simple experience, even enjoyable, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and baseball-based excitement. In addition, my 7 year old daughter loved the effects of angel! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator, William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays very loudly after his very good daddy (the very convincing Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically said they will be a family again once California Angels, last place, win the pennant. Soon, Roger begins to see real angels at the games of the angels, under the direction of Christopher Lloyd, whose quirky eccentric irreverence prevents AitO from sinking irreversibly into the Schmaltz area. George Knox's crusty manager (Danny Glover in exhausted and exasperated mode) is hard to sell, but once the team starts to win, he believes in the discovery of a Roger's angel, and soon, Knox has Roger, his adorable boyfriend and his adopted son, JP (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) at every Angels game for good luck. Knox even begins to soften his tantrums and his profane language, as much to appease angels as for children, which makes him funny when he begins to degrade a referee in his usual way, but begins to edit himself as and when. . Predictable obstacles ensue, such as the obnoxious rider Wilder Ranch (Jay O. Sanders) who tries to cause trouble to Knox because of the angel angle. Of course, everything goes well for our heroes in the end, but they are so kind that you do not mind! :-) Brody in the face of baby has some good replicas (I particularly like his exchange with Glover on the emotional impact of the national anthem during a football match), as well as a cute little piece where a beautiful blond angel massages her shoulders before leaving. up to the bat. Brody is not the only future star of the AitO lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt continued to play in the 3rd ROCK OF THE SUN TV movie, as well as in 10 THINGS. I hate you. The always fun winners of Taylor Negron and Oscars (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson support. If you're a baseball lover and want to rent a kid-friendly movie and discover some of the notable young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do just fine.
