Coming immediately on the heels of Match Point (2005), a fine although somewhat self-repetitive of "serious Woody", Scoop gives new hope to Allen's small but inflexible followers group (among which I number myself) that the master has found his form. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the sad Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003), caused Woody's other high-profile comedy to be feared, with or without his own participation as actor, showing. Fortunately, the cards turn out to be a tarot game that serves as Smart Maguffin and Scoop, and offers an upbeat reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging is the fact that Woody is launching himself the weakest elements of his films in recent years - this is a bit of inspired parody as well as a humble acknowledgment that he can no longer romantically play with women who are young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen astutely assigns the role of Sid Waterman, an aging magician to basic tricks and annoyed theater that, like Woody himself, brought his number to London, where the audience, if not more receptive, is at least more polite . Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman offers Allen the opportunity to wear the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose work has declined and whose audience is no longer great or grateful. In addition, because they seem of character, Allen's ticks and protracted stammering are less distracting here than they have been for some time. <br /> <br /> The character of Waterman also works perfectly in the plot. His fake magic body-dissolution box becomes the ironically plausible sight of Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a prominent journalist and recent cardiac arrest journalist. Introduced on a ferry from the river Styx to Hades, Strombel jumps several times because he simply can not rest in eternity without communicating a last "scoop" on the identity of the famous "killer Tarot". Unfortunately, his first return from the dead led him to the magic show of Waterman. Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), a journalism student, was summoned by her first degree in journalism. the tour de force of the magician. Sondra enthusiastically seizes the journalistic opportunity and leads the reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of his millionaire father. As illustrated in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a knack for comedy and the complicated game between her and Allen is a lot of fun - and even more so to never threaten to become a prelude to romance. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial assassination plot, involving the macabre murder of prostitutes and the main aristocratic suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable outcome of the long sabbatical exposure of Allen to the ubiquitous monuments and traditions of Jack the Ripper in London. Other aspects of Scoop (like Match Point) also stem from Woody's late encounter with English culture. Its class structure, manners, language, clothing, architecture and, of course, its particular driving habits give Woody a new material for twisted observation of human behavior as well as for an acute social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to make a friendship with Peter Lyman in a prestigious private club, Waterman observes that "from his point of view, we are crazy". A good dose of humor is also generated by the contrast between the very reserved British social mores and Waterman's insistent Jewish plebeianism in the Borscht Belt. And then, of course, there is the hilarious release of Waterman in a Smart Car which he does not remember driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes high doses of jokes, in the form of sneaky allusions to cinematographic and literary sources, as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography. In addition to the ubiquitous references of Jack the Ripper, for example, the film's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of Grieg's "The Hall of the Mountain King" whistled compulsively by Hans Beckert in M, the first chef- like serial killers. The post-funeral gathering of journalists discussing the exploits of Joe Strombel, who has recently disappeared, clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of death as a character (with his particular voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as the character's name, and the mention of Adair University (" In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the river cruise on Hades recalls the use of Greek gods and a chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> Regarding searing gags, Allen's scripts rely less on a -linerers than they did earlier in his career, but Scoop provides at least some memorable . Waterman answers a question about his religion: "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra ends the detection of Waterman's crime: "If we assemble our heads, you will hear a thud." Overall, Scoop is by far Woody Allen's most satisfying comedy in a decade.
