Greetings again from the darkness. Remember all "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes? Even Mr. Allen mocked the fans who wanted him to continue making his own "funny" movies. Like any great artist, Allen's craft has evolved over the years and he has lost some fans while bringing others back. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that it was as relevant and poignant as it was in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What is most striking for us, fans over 40, is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a crush on his motherland. Apparently, he likes England !! During the filming of "Matchpoint", Allen fell in love with Scarlett Johansson and his true spirit and sense of life. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy for years. Scarlett, while risking overexposure, must be praised for not only choosing films that cast her in a glamorous light. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop", she displays real comedy scenes on screen and, in many scenes, delivers the real punchline to the heterosexual man of Mr. Allen. Of course, every time Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more than his share of linings and social commentaries - which is good because few people do it better. <br /> <br /> Very good support work from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives an overview of why many of us think it's the best choice to replace Brosnan as a new Bond. As in most of Allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett delivers beautifully here and contrasts pleasantly with the brilliant Allen and Jackman, what makes this one crack is the dialogue ... especially the joke between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not a huge Woody actor fan, do not be afraid. It limits its time to the screen and it is quite effective, except in two or three brief scenes that seem almost irrelevant. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception to the rule ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of Marx Brothers movies or comedies Cary Grant. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but it's actually very cute ... especially for a serial killer and a talking ghost comedy !!
