First, let me say that the audience ADORED it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to adopt the following attitude: "I came for a comedy and by George, I'm going to enjoy it." but for some reason, everyone really seemed in the comedy of that. In recent times, Woody has been trying to do a pure comedy (Small Time Crooks, The Curse of Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I felt like a one-liners who felt tense and a little tired. I remember thinking at one point: "It would have been funny in the early sixties." So when I got into this movie, I was afraid Woody would become deaf. However, in this one, his comic sensibilities were perfectly tuned. Yes, there were a lot of AARP compatriots with the map at the screening, but there were also a lot of 20's and 30's too, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional belly laugh in addition to many Guffaws, Laughs and the like. In many cases, the throws made people laugh so hard that you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody was tracing a known terrain. As I suspected in the trailer, this movie contained a lot of mystery murders in Manhattan's light, but there was still more than a bit of Oedipus Wrecks, Alice and even a Little tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at the very beginning. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Woody's attorney, but his character was far from the Nebbish that, for example, Will Ferrell gave us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh have tried in Celebrity. Instead of ticks and archetypal quirks, Sondra's nervousness comes directly from the family story she shares very early. On many occasions, the "family business" leads to misbehaviours that we face as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequencers. Since we are all in the joke, we can not help but laugh. But the laughter does not come from the recognition of Woody's nebbish, but from the character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett does not have to use Woody's voice to evoke Woody's role. Thus, we are not torn from the story, a voice Woody suddenly emerges from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a supportive role, but more important than I expected. However, this time, Woody seems to have written a character that really matches his current personality. Unlike his wise Ed Dobel character in Anything Else, or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, the character this time presents a comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time, the character plays a role in the story. In the raised circles in which they find themselves, he is even more devoid of fish than Scarlett, who is accustomed to great comic effects. Sid is a wandering and itinerant magician who plays in front of a small audience, but the fact that he is from another era is at the center of our concerns. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? And Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both because they are used in the room. I particularly liked McShane's short but effective turns. Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money" that has been so often portrayed in movies 50 years ago. (The echoes of Cairo's Purple Rose class?) <br /> <br /> So, what did I think? Short answer, maybe his best comedy right since Bullets Over Broadway, in 1994. Less stylized than the powerful Aphrodite. Less caustic than deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
