I was lucky enough to get a free pass for a pre-screening of "Scoop" last night. A packed hall at the theater and at the end of the film, applause was held. I did not talk to anyone who did not like "Scoop", although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and broke up during most of the film. But they were exceptional because everyone, including myself, had a really good time. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a mystery of fast-paced murder. A young journalism student is unconsciously manipulated by forces beyond her control to try to catch a serial killer on the run. Many hijinks follow when she joins a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a charming and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. This is not his best job but it is a very nice and light pleasure. I would say it's good enough to be an average film by Woody Allen right in the middle of the pack. If you are a fan of Woody Allen, you will probably have fun. If you are indifferent to his work, then "Scoop" may be enough to interest you in seeing more. I do not think those who do not like his style of filming and drama will change their minds. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we've become accustomed to, although he's dangerously close to the forced and the over-extreme in this movie. Although potentially annoying for some who wish they could hurry to say the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good performance in my opinion although I found Ian McShane missing that is excellent and not enough on camera. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming noble and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star with whom to work in Scarlett Johansson. I think with "Match Point" it's their second pair and it's just magical with the material Woody gives her. Could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I saw the movie and definitely recommend it. A comedy more sophisticated than movies like "Scary Movie 4", so if your comedy brand is the last rather than the previous one, "Scoop" probably does not suit you. If, on the contrary, you like class, sophistication and pleasure, 'Scoop' is for you. It's probably not Woody Allen's film that I would introduce to a newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
