"Scoop" is also the name of a Evelyn Waugh novel from the late 1930s, and Woody Allen's new film, although shot today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performance, suspense, or shocking final shock of Allen's "pen point-to-point" effort (argued by many, including this critic, as a return in force), but "Scoop" looks a lot like the last time Allen focuses on the English aristocrats, the London luxury apartments, murder and detection. This time, Woody leaves behind the kind of murder of the upstart murderer and returns to comedy. He returns to the screen as a kindly vaudevillian, a magician named Sid Waterman, scene nickname The Great Splendini, who thwarts the search for snobs, "I used to be Hebrew persuasion, but as I got older, I converted to narcissism. "After a revelation in the midst of Splendini's usual dematerialization act, with Scarlett Johansson (Sondra Pransky), the volunteer audience, the misaligned pair is drawn into the post-mortem attempt of the English journalist to score a last report. On the edge of the Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shadow of a secretary of the son of Lord Lyman, who claims to have been poisoned. She told him that the aristocratic defender Peter Lyman's (Hugh Jackman) son was the murderer of the Tarot card. , a serial killer in London. Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur detectives. With Sid's ruthless spirit and the boundless beauty of Sondra, they make their way to the cream of London's aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody does not piss her young mushroom heroine - like in "Match Point", Johansson again - as in the past. In addition, this time, Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and is not a movie star. She took a surprising form of klutzy, glasses but still pretty student. Sid and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a big relief. They simply associate, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes by befriending Lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt. Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who captivated Peter by pretending to drown in the pool of his club, renamed Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, Woody, continues to break the cover by making card tricks, but he amuses the dairies with that and beats their husbands at poker, throwing non-stop one-liners and all the while. now, apparently successfully, that he is in oil and precious metals, as said "Jade". <br /> <br /> That's about all there is to say or anything that can be said without spoiling the story by revealing the result. In the beginning, Allen's decision to turn Johansson into a left-wing, naïve student with bad looks and ill-fitting looks not just a nasty decision, but a bad decision. But Johansson, who has some panache as an actress, miraculously succeeds, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear, if she wants it. The film actually creates a sense of relationships, to compensate for the limited number of characters: Sid and Sondra cross each other in friendly ways, and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction even if they are artificial and tinted (after all, she's in bed with a maniac alleged homicide). <br /> <br /> What stings a little is that Allen drool again on English wealth and class, things that his past in Brooklyn seems to have left him, despite all his fame, with an irresistible desire for. Jackman is an impressive man, glamorous and dashing. His parents were English. But this star of the athletic musical raised in Australia (Wolverine of "X-Man") could she really pass for an aristocrat? Only in the movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not a film as powerful as "Match Point", but to say that it is a loser that some viewers are absolutely wrong. There is no more than one depth of a radio drama or a half-hour television show, but Woody's jokes are far more fun and original than when such a media story occurs, and they sometimes show a return to the mind and intelligence. It does not matter if a movie is silly or sloppy when it distracts summertime entertainment. On a hot day, you do not want a heavy meal. The whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were a light and evocative entertainment, without cruel jokes or dramatic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are anxious to announce that this is a return to Allen's decline that preceded "Match Point". Do not believe them. He does not try too hard. Why should he? He may be 70 years old, but verbally he is still light. And his body moves pretty fast too.
