I really did not watch this show so often when I was a child, but the first episode I remember forever is where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. When I started high school in 2000. I had problems throughout high school and I would prefer not to talk about it. but I was always used to watching shots saved by the bell, but this show reminded me of the problems I had at school and it rarely showed the parents of the children. saved by the bell is ok, but not a good family show. A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004, I switched from television to the family channel and day after day, I became addicted to full house. I could even press the information button to see the year of its release and I would remember what I was doing during that time. the episode was about to start and it was called "birthday blues" and to this day is the favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler as if she did not play in other episodes, she actually shows her seriousness. I have seasons 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wish they could have a documentary and commentary from the cast members. I do not understand why some people hate this show because you do not see any garbage or violence in this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. But in my opinion, Full House is a family living in paradise where everyone is happy and where good things always happen. and the characters are really great. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and my grandmother. Joey is a good kid and always in a good mood. When I was a kid, I looked like Jesse and he is the first actor on TV as a hair-obsessed guy. In a way, you can really say that DJ is a Californian girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and light up my day when I look at her. and Stephanie is so cool. I also have trouble distinguishing Olsen twins. I want my children to watch it someday. But Full House is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina, the teenage witch, is my favorite. One day, sometime before my death, I would really like to meet all the actors of Full House in person. the first 3 seasons are a little boring but start to improve in the 4th season. I just wish they could do a 9th season. they ceased to be sold out in 1995 and in the fall of 1996, Sabrina, the teenage witch, came out (a similar family show), but full house is a very affectionate show and they have their good and bad moments, and yes I understand. If you are a wild and trash type, you will hate this show but it is a spectacle for happiness and it is also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good shows for children, but around the 4th and 5th seasons, the DJ and Stéphanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with Full House, but with a lot of shows, they never talk about world problems and politics, like when Full House was on air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombing from Oklahoma City. in 1995, they never talked about it. Steve was also the boyfriend of my favorite DJ, those with viper and nelson were not very interesting. but I think seasons 5 and 6 are the best. I just wish they had a 9th season because, it left me a big question mark, because in the last episode at the last minute, already has a surprise and goes to his prom with his ex boyfriend steve, I always wondered if they were together. and I liked how, in the last seasons, DJ was always the leader and Stephanie always wanted to do something bold, as in the episode "Stephanie's Wild Ride"
