If you watch this show for the first time, you may start to wonder if you are in another reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Scenes that seem to have depth, sometimes creating atmospheres of suspense and drama? I mean, it's a children's program subscribed, right? This is the same place that brought children such as "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (please note that three of the titles mentioned above are large Japanese exports, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you've just had a taste of the quality rates offered to children in the late '80s and early' 90s. "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." are some examples of this period. (a cartoon not to be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these exemplary examples, Disney has also returned to subscribed programs for children, offering a program called "The Disney Afternoon". Aside from a silent show called "The Gummi Bears", older shows such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers" gave credit to Disney's animation crews who also produced theatrical classics. like "The little mermaid", "The beauty and the beast", "The rescuers from below" and "The big detective mouse". But above all, these wonders shine "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was an exciting two hour tour and won an Emmy. To my delight, the rest of the episodes lived up to the promise of the first. <br /> <br /> While I enjoy intrigue and dialogue, I guess the biggest attraction for me is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still fallible; Cloudkicker Kit, full of anxiety and optimism in pre-adolescents; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with a depth that most child characters do not have, and of course, there is Baloo, which I would describe as a tapered version of James Bond. Indeed, whenever problems occur, Baloo saves the day with the help of his fastest and fastest Sea Duck in the world (read: James Bond Aston Martin). Of course, every big show has to have big bad guys, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From the megalomaniac of businesstiger Shere Kahn to the ugly and always failing hijacker Don Karnage, through the hilarious and inept Thirbrians, satirized by the Soviet Union. The animation is good, the appropriate music and the episodes are (for me) the best that children's programming has ever had to offer. Very fun for the whole family!
