Like many people here, I can only congratulate the cast and the team that developed Talespin and others they created throughout My childhood. Like everyone who commented here, I really appreciated the quality not only of the animation but also of the quality of the story. lines and characters. <br /> <br /> To classify this work of art as a "cartoon" could never do justice to anyone, it's actually an insult to classify it as a "cartoon", Talespin is an animation and nothing less, it is obviously the greatest engineering work produced to date at Disney. When Disney pulled that out of the sky, they did not understand what they did and I'm sure their souls have been tortured with regret ever since. <I'll take a moment to explain, from the first ducktales to the last one that I think is Darkwing Duck, Disney has been plagued by failures due to political correctness and have taken a leap back since, They prefer the amount to the quality now, not to mention the room filled with Monkey for the I could not have my children watch the agonizing "cartoons" they are throwing now in fear that they will all end up as their father Simpson in the future and that 50% of the reproaches be brought against me for authorization. To watch them, I could not let that happen. That's why I have ALL the shows from the late 80s to the mid-90s on a hard drive. One day, my children could not be corrupted by today's "comic" and to savor the last piece of my childhood and hang on to it, I owe it to Talespin. <br /> <br /> Talespin is without a doubt the best animated film ever produced in the world because of It's depth, charm, wit, compassion, emotion and lack of really bad quality and historical stories many of today have, do you see this content contained in "Ed, Edd and Eddie or anything else you can think of?" the waste produced today can be compared to the indecipherable hyroglyph of a 3-year-old Picasso child. <br /> <br /> Next time you watch an episode e of Talespin; take a look at the wood grain of any object or wooden building such as Higher for Hire and salivate the quality of work and effort invested in this animation. Even the unique backgrounds were created as if they were using them again and again, The buildings faithful to the Art Deco movement that was popular at the time illustrated, even though the vehicles are true to life, OK, all episodes were fantastic in the animation, but the lower level scenes were covered by the higher scenes. everything was settled at the end of the episode and you will probably never notice it unless you are focused and pay close attention to details. <br /> <br /> The only thing I like about it is what I like to call the "deliberate mistakes" or "intentional mistakes" in each episode and some have two, for example deep sheepskin where rebecca says "You're doing something Baloo" and Baloo answers "Who, me!, I'm as innocent as a schoolboy" look in Rebecca's eyes, I won "Do not ruin the rest Baloopers but just keep an eye on the next time. <br /> <br /> All the comments of elses are clear and 100% correct, I have nothing to add that others do not have not said here yet, Disney, DISCOVER and smell the coffee, you've been sleeping for over a decade, stop producing garbage and bring back the quality in the animations and stop producing "cartoons" we've seen proof of what you can do and we want to recover it as quickly as possible.
