This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he defended and what the LDS church believes. With all the current media coverage of a certain fugitive, people have confused the SDJ church with the FLDS church and the fugitive criminal Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS church, but international media groups have asked for comments on Jeffs from LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned at all in the movie, but I think it's ironic that this film with all his arguments about Joseph is pointing so far away from the few FLDS church members and their rulers on time current in the world of the media. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great one to that. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are described in his humanity, his acceptance and his love. Jeff's views and opinions are very different from those of Joseph Smith and the SDJ Church, as this film shows. Jeffs thinks the "ghostwriter" is a demon. Joseph Smith knew they were children of God and gave his wife's favorite horse to an African-American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. A member shows Joseph that he is cleaning up his wife Emma and being criticized by a member until he tells her that a man may lose his wife if she chooses not to stay with her husband and doing housework is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs put one of his polygamous wives on their knees in front of a class of students by grabbing her by a braid and turning her painfully until she came on her knees. Finally, Joseph participated in the application of the law and always sought the help of the government. Jeffs thumbs his nose at the government and flees at all times. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then this is the movie to watch. And if you have confused LDS Church with the FLDS church, you really need to work together. We are not very different from those who believe in Jesus Christ, in the sanctity of marriage and family, are also patriotic towards our homeland and our country. We are all different as well as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film tries to portray that, but there are so many things in Joseph's life that can not be dealt with in a two-hour film. It was a very good show.
