Somewhere down the scale of the movie studio, you can find companies like UFO, Troma and under them, the Seduction Cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a music video production company specializing in non-hardcore lesbian-themed erotic films. movies. He has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys each new title as they come out, but unfortunately the company has become too closely associated with frequent star Misty Mundae. I say sadly because her interest in the mainstream and her appearance on the Masters of Horrors show led her to aim a little higher than SC's budget-free efforts, forcing the company to regain a new identity. . But in their glorious era, they released this film on a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school, she meets her absurdly hot roommate played by Ruby Larocca who immediately has ideas for her but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In typical S.C. style, the film stops every ten minutes for a prolonged sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this one has a pretty interesting story and some good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to have a lot of fun as a sexual predator who regards Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (albeit brief) appearance as Satan. This is the kind of film that Jess Franco would create in the 70's (though this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to offer to overseas sales) and it would be wise for fans of work of this madman give it to this one. A starter. <br /> <br /> For me, a big fan of zero budget cinema (and a Troma worshiper), I discovered Seduction movies through their parody movies (The Monkey Companion, Who Wants to Be a Billionaire erotic) but I actually prefer their most original works. Either you see the low budget and sometimes the weak actors, or you dwell on these things and hate all these films. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these films without a budget is a real sense of fun. These low budget companies are able to create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something very different from the fade, by the numbers, the studio efforts that charge the multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a movie movie Seduction either it's Sin Sisters (featuring both of the Mundae sisters) are great choices to start. It's a fun and fast-paced movie (although the school's out-of-the-ordinary shots are a little old) and the DVD is full of extras, including a ton of glimpses of other company offerings, a great feat in the backstage and some. deleted scenes, including another opening. I recommend you to transmit the bonus of the disc, the first film of the director, because it is quite weak and not really worth watching.
