A young London lawyer, Arthur Kidd, is sent to a small coastal town of Crythin Gifford to oversee the estate of a recently deceased widow, Mrs. Drablow. While attending her funeral, a mysterious lady dressed in black catches her attention. Supposedly, Drablow lived a secluded life and the inhabitants remained silent about him. After that, he goes to Mrs. Drablow's mansion, which can only be reached by a roadway through the marsh at low tide. There he meets the black woman again in a cemetery, at the back of the house, and things start to gloom as terrifying noises begin to come out of the swamps. Mrs. Drablow's business and listening to her recorded dairy entries can now help Kidd understand this dark mystery that locals are afraid to talk about. <br /> <br /> Often considered by horror fans as one of the scariest ghost stories ever and I can see their point. But it is only in doses that it relies on labels. Yes, from what you can deduce, I remained a "small" underclean, despite the fact that I really like it. I was expecting goosebumps throughout the feature film, but that's probably it? Meanwhile. I mainly had a similar reaction with the 1980s haunted house thriller "The Changeling". When you hear so many good things, it is sometimes difficult not to interfere. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the British TV show "The Woman in Black" has the effect of bringing out a real fashion, a thorny premise with slow burns, motivated by its sinuous locations, its disturbing atmosphere and its first-rate performance. The psychologically striking narrative (adapted from Susan Hill's novel of the same name) subtly captures the simple mystery that opens authentically with a tragically depressing tone and successfully characterizes its protagonist. It seems that not much happens and that we feel attracted, but its fragile randomness surprises you. Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black. Who appears mainly as a figurehead, it's finally scary. She may not appear much, but when she appears? You talk of annoying! This also applies to this negative conclusion. Pauline Moran, who plays the woman in black, makes us nervous by her skinny appearance and her sudden positioning. A pale look and these minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you. It is a spirit with which you do not want to meet you, but you leave it alone to see you. An accomplished performance of Adrian Rawlins, very morose, as attorney Arthur Kidd holds everything in place. Bernard Hepton, David Daker, Clare Holman and David Ryall lend their support. <br /> <br /> Pulling hard on its lush rural town and its foggy coastal areas adds to the alarming and realistic situation at the center of the scene. Everything takes place in the abandoned, weather-worn Victorian house, which stifles the air with constant fear. Director Herbert Wise painstakingly produces alarming images that slowly cover one secret room at a time, in a harmonious and well-constructed rhythm. Instead of going out to shock us, some scenes contain a painful intensity that does not let go. The sound effects are masterfully used, surrounding and disorienting the air. Rachel Portman's heart-wrenching musical score knows how to put you under the skin during these strange moments, then stay with you. <br /> <br /> This feat made for television is a stimulating, rich and disturbing show. He may not share much in the subgenus again, but he remains true to his strength to offer what counts in this curse.
