I was lucky to watch this without any hype. I was surprised at the resistance of the ghost image in my mind the next day and the next day. I have watched it 3 or 4 times and every time I enjoy it even more. The scenery is beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful effects of light, the long shots in the marshes and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so friendly and so good that he easily sympathizes with him. To the person who complains about the lack of sparks in this film, I would say it's because the whole fight against the ghost is led by this one person. It's a slow-paced movie, with an unusual amount of time, before and after the ghosts attack, to develop his character with family and professional life. Discussion with the spoiler / <br /> <br /> I particularly appreciated the turning point: he returns to the main city and meets the man who helps him and explains how to see the ghost. He describes the woman in black, then at the end of the conversation he says he's coming back, because after all, what harm did she do? The other man says, "You can not go back ... all alone!" and ready for the hero his dog. The cute little dog offers a little respite from comic relief, crossing the house and even into the locked room. <br /> <br /> The many occasional appearances of the ghost really scared me. The woman shows up in the middle of the church scene, showing that she is not afraid of the church and is not shy or tied to the house. It's all at the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. As the camera turns to the right, the woman appears in the background among the gravestones. The old man does not even want to look at him, but the children scream and taunt him. Crreeepy ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in shadows, haunting places or specific people. As mentioned, the evilness and anger of the ghost are frightening, and I feel that his attacks and his end were perfect and fully justified. The ending underscored the fact that the hero made a big mistake when he returned home. Or maybe he was scored no matter what by saving the gypsy. The guy who plays the role of director of the hotel is so credible and fulfills this role. I let my friends know how much I enjoyed this movie and it is reassuring to see others feel the same way. I can see how people do not quite see the same masterpiece, especially if they came in with a lot of exam criticism. <br /> <br /> I think another person has summed up the situation by saying that this movie questioned whether ghosts could or could not physically harm the man. Phew .. I plan to watch it again tonight followed by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Other films to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
