We do not know if Marilyn Monroe has already met and spoken to Albert Einstein (and since the mysterious disappearance of his diary after his death just as mysterious, we may never know), but in their lifetime, the opportunity is presented. <br /> <br /> Scenario of Terry Johnson taken from his own play, Nicholas Roeg's Insignificance imagines a meeting in a hotel room in New York one night in 1953 between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and the Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) - but only on one level. On another level, he raises - or reduces - these "personalities" (and what a shabby sentence) to simple avatars (the characters are deliberately anonymous), both larger and smaller. <br /> <br /> The title Insignificance is both relevant and deeply ironic. here, the net worth of DiMaggio has been reduced to a little more than an image on a bubblegum card. Monroe is also reduced to its constituent parts: dress, hair, lipstick, trembling and voice. By revealing their insecurities and reversing their roles, the film sheds light on the notions of celebrity received, exploding the cult of personality. <br /> <br /> The continuation of the theme will lead to another explosion at its peak: Hiroshima in a hotel suite in which "The Actress" is reduced to ashes in a few seconds; a literal deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. The story informs the script, which in turn shakes the story. As Roeg had imagined after viewing Johnson's play for the first time, "These characters were mythical, they were not invented by one person, nor by the public nor by the press, probably not even by the characters themselves ". In the role played by Theresa Russell, Marilyn (a closet intellectual in real life) gives a lecture on the theory of relativity to a childlike, Einstein (The Professor, Emil), using balloons and a flashlight, while forcing the professor to show his legs, in a conscious parody of his own role in The Seven-Year Itch, we see that the film The Actress is working in the opening film of the film. <br /> <br /> The story records the story of DiMaggio, Monroe's husband at the time, fading star of baseball. (interpreted by Busey as a mere psychotic idiot), was unhappy with the iconic scene of his costume in the film, which precipitated their breakup. In due course, we discover the jolly ball player 'Ballplayer' in a bar, lamenting the fact that if, "I want to see his underwear, I go to the corner like all the other guys". <br /> <br /> Unlike The Professor, The Ballplayer thinks the universe is round - an affirmation shared by Native Americans. But the grand chief (Sampson, who operated the elevator at the Roosevelt Hotel) was almost deprived of his own culture: "I'm no longer Cherokee, I watch television". Meanwhile, "The Senator" is investigating the professor, who is about to give a pacifist speech at the United Nations, but that the senator suspects of being a red. In fact, while disclosing to Monroe, Einstein is overwhelmed with guilt for Hiroshima and what the future of white heat holds. Yet, in an apparently impious universe, all these worries and aspirations are made insignificant in the light of a higher (atomic) power. <br /> <br /> Roeg is really the ideal director to bring Johnson's play to the screen. Tortured childhood flashbacks and pessimistic flash-forward (ka-boom!) Make unexpected connections between time, place and circumstances. The repeated visual pattern of a wristwatch is used to mark the passage of time - but perhaps also to suggest that everything is always one time. ; every co-existing moment. As evidenced by its back catalog, it is a workhorse for a director enchanted by the notion of synchronicity - see Do not Look Now in particular. Here, 1920 bleeds in 1945 and feeds drop by drop in the 1980s, a period during which another "actor" assumes his greatest role as president of the United States. <br /> <br /> If all this seems heavy. to go (quantum physics is surely involved), the execution is something else, but thanks to Johnson's zippered scenario, to Roeg's playful direction, which opens up an essentially scenic configuration - and to the distribution itself. same, which is in stellar form. Tony Curtis, in particular, leaves traces of denture in the wood panels as a paranoid and powerless senator, who tries to go to Congress with a Monroe imitator (a real one, unlike Russell's), before he to be dropped by his declining limb. <br /> Of course, Curtis once shared the spotlight with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot, which he described as embracing Hitler. As Roeg commented: "Everything seemed suddenly connected ... when the movie started to take shape, even the actors themselves seemed to be part of those endless links." Everything goes in the pot, to be reduced and served in a new and fascinating way.
