New York, 1953. A warm night, four iconic personalities will meet. The professor (Albert Einstein) came to New York to deliver a speech, Senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. Later in the night, he receives a surprise visitor. a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss theories of relativity. Soon her husband at the ball game (Joe DiMaggio) shows up at the hotel room, imploring to arrange things for their dilapidated relationship. Childhood flashbacks, important events, the perceived consequences of their actions slip to show how these people face despair and a hidden fear waiting for their release. <br /> <br /> This is a unique case! Adapted from a play by Terry Johnson (who will also compose the screenplay for the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, eccentric, seductive and totally curious gadget of fictional pop culture in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort could be rooted in its theatrical origins, because it feels theatrical and most actions take place in a hotel setting and in a master suite. The cramped appearance only reinforces the gloomy and smoky atmosphere of New York. However, these limitations can not contain the successful and bold ideas that Roeg manages to storm randomly, visually and through significant materials. The way he reflects on the characters (who are suggestive characters without you having to name them) is a stimulating spiritual path and interpretation of their notions, with memories blending into the present and visions showing their fears. achievements, which depending on what you see is either beautiful, or implemented obsessively. There is a lot of food for thought and hints in the verbally innovative (if sometimes embarrassing) script, which focuses on the current situation, but flashbacks give us the personal makeup (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes them who they are and how much it can be a burden already demanding life. Of course, history may not lead to anything by the end, and it may seem incoherent, but the dreamy mood and intelligent arrangement iron out those folds and make sure they never get dizzy. Peter Hannan's sensuously fluid photography and Stanley Myers' moving blues sound blend perfectly with Roeg's stylized and established staging style. It gives the impression of working with something big and big, but otherwise it is not the case and a small little universe is created. The period costumes and the places of the period go well together. What made the film for me is the impressive actor of the four main films. The piercing and sublime attraction of Theresa Russell's sexy pin-up actress is a growing representation that holds the film together with a truly excellent and endearing performance of Michael Emil as a teacher. Tony Curtis plays wonderfully as a witch hunter senator and Gary Busey is suitably good at stoic gravel as a baseball player. Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick are in minor but fun supporting roles. <br /> <br /> An unforgettable piece of metaphysics, fresh and tour de force that combines four different extremes. Some might find this pretentiously strange and talkative, but this one had wrapped me up in its own unique little world to worry too much about its faults.
