I've always been a big fan of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a cinematic version of Roegs' play. Although most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has some of Roegs' film flare. The most unusual story is that of a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who, after a difficult night, shot a movie in 1954 and went to a hotel to visit a famous teacher (Michael Emil). After a while, she wants to go to bed with him, but as they begin to undress, her husband knocks on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what's going on. The three of them in the hotel room talk about what is happening and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a famous Senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to remove the papers of the professors if he does not testify at the hearing. Theresa Russell is just excellent. Even if she does not try to personify Marilyn Monroe, she does a remarkable job of exalting the phobia and shades for which Monroe is well known. One of the things the film does is to show it not only as a woman on the verge of depression, but also as a physical wreck. She talks about her inability to have children and at one point in the movie, she miscarries. You can argue that this is Russell's best performance and I probably would not say so. The movie does an interesting thing by showing many flashbacks as characters continue to talk about one thing and in flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives a good performance and it reminds me of the strong character he releases on the screen. Emil as a teacher is a character who has many more things in mind than we initially thought. The last scene of this film is a demonstration of its darkest side! One of the highlights of the film is for me the little conversation he has with the elevator man (Will Sampson of "Cuckoo's Nest") and they discuss what the Cherokee Indians are constantly thinking about. But of course, the famous scene in this film is one where Russell shows Emil how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The teacher is delighted with his demonstration and we too! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and do admirable work when they collaborate. It's probably their best film together. Good performances and a very interesting director's work make it a stimulating and visually provoking film.
