MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a mesmerizing 1945 B thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, arguably one of Hollywood's best black film directors. This 65-minute gothic curiosity from Columbia Pictures comes after Lewis's long apprenticeship as a director of a group of poor westerns, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the intrepid bizarre Bela Lugosi shocker, THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and standard studio B (THE SECRETS OF A CO-ED, THE BOMBES ON BURMA, THE FALCON OF SAN FRANCISCO, etc.) - all this prepares rather well the ground for what had to come from the enormous talented and inventive Mr. Lewis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT of the following year) presented a director who mastered this rare and delicate art that quickly and effectively told a dark and exciting story on very modest budgets. Lewis's later productions, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the extensive breadth of their narrative structure, continue to rely on skillful and lucid camera work and effective lighting. discreet. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS probably owes more to the tradition of British mysteries (it takes place in an England connected to a studio) than to the classic outward attitudes and signs of black film. A young woman (Nina Foch) accepts the job of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously enough, with a new identity, that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. Say she suffered a nervous breakdown, she has trouble grasping the total and seemingly hopeless nature of her situation. But soon, she begins to gather the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery, namely that her "husband" (the ever-threatening George Macready) has probably murdered her real wife and that she was fooled into participating in a sinister and heartbreaking plan. Much of what characterizes this otherwise modest narrative is the indelible touch Lewis brings to production, calling it the first of his truly serious efforts as a filmmaker.
