If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you are absolutely sure to love this wonderful 60s Italian movie, "Castle of Blood". We are actually talking about creaky creaking doors, strange portraits that seem to move, candles going out spontaneously, even though there is no wind or smoke behind the heavy wooden doors of the room . In terms of atmosphere and style, this masterful gothic film is one of the best of its kind; only a little league under such sites as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "The Curse of the Crying Woman". Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") have achieved great success in all areas, including a powerful conspiracy (a nightmare plot), ultra-sinister sets and locations, stylish black-and-white photos, chilling music, and a brilliant gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, star of the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian goth-muse number one, shines again as a spiritually tormented character and she is literally surrounded by excellent co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a fairly credible description of the author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another wealthy visitor from a country tavern challenging a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid gamble. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? would survive to spend a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, he receives the amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, the ordeal is far more dangerous than it sounds, even for someone like Alan Foster, who does not believe in ghosts and vampires. The night begins well for him, as he meets even the woman of his dreams of breathtaking beauty, but little by little, he discovers that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of the dead visitors are trapped for the eternity. I do not know about you, but it's seriously one of my favorite horror movie theaters of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was clearly proud of this film too, as he did it himself a few years later as "Web of the Spider". This film had a handful of assets, such as the role played by Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general, this original is much superior. "Castle of Blood" literally brims with atmosphere and maintains a deeply disturbing mood. It's really one of the few films that can scare the hair of your arms and neck if you look at them under the right circumstances. Watch it late at night, preferably alone and in a candlelit room, and you'll get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
