Italy has produced a lot of really great and original horror movies in the 1960s - it's definitely one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Dance Macabre is the style of the movie. Shot in black and white, and thanks to the use of lighting by director Antonio Margheriti; the film almost seems to be a German Expressionist horror film. This, coupled with a horror-filled plot, guarantees that Danse Macabre is a movie that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film is not harmful - and the good news continues since, in this film, she has the opportunity to work her muscles more than in the movies that made her famous . The plot is very conscious of the time at which this was published, and so incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend a whole night in his old scary castle. Everyone who has spent the night there is dead ... and our hero is about to meet the previous bettors! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror movies do not tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is not much beauty in the genre anymore. It is refreshing to see this movie. A lot of clichés here are incredibly beautiful - the feminine side of the couple wearing a transparent skirt, to my favorite - a shot of smoke slipping under a door. This is my first film with Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing only this one; it is obvious that he was one of the first Italian directors. It is also interesting to note that the script was co-written by another great Italian. The creator of Django, Sergio Corbucci. The plot can sometimes be a little too windy, but there is always enough atmosphere to make the movie never boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the theme of the "haunted house" is both well done and original, and keeps the story as mysterious as possible. In total, fans of Italian cinema and / or cult will not want to miss this little gem!
