Originally, I had seen this film as a boy in the old Rialto Theater as part of a triple Saturday morning morning project, which also included "The Last Man on Earth" from Vincent Price and "The Nightmare Castle" by Mario Bava. I had nightmares about bloodthirsty ghosts for a week after! Even if I did not know it at the time, the three films would be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although the three films scared me, it was Castle of Blood that had the deepest impact. <br /> <br /> This was the first bill. I did not even see it from the beginning because we were late at the movies and missed the first 20 minutes of the film. This is very lacking because the printed print lasted only about 79 minutes (the unmodified time is 87 minutes). Despite this, the dark and scary atmosphere (with its ruined castles, cemeteries, shadows and spiderwebs covered with fog), its Gothic scenography, its powerful acting and suspense (especially the last 20 minutes) scared my mind and left a lasting impression It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was a Franco-Italian import, it was not a film that was shown at the end of the series in Winnipeg. I could not remember the title (remember I did not see the beginning of the movie and I was scared), and to make matters worse, the film was distributed under literally a dozen different movie titles (aka Danze Macabre, Coffin of Terror, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc.) and the American / British title "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other horror and suspense of "b", which makes it illusory. But thanks to the internet and perseverance, I finally found it! What a pleasure to finally watch the film in its entirety after so many years! That may not have had the emotional impact he had when I was a boy, but as the haunted movies of the house go, he resists well and compares favorably to similar iconic films of the period such as "The Haunting", "The Innocents" or "Black Sunday", the film is a start of effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It is adorned with Barbara Steele, icon of the Queen of the 60s, and presents a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, on a gamble, spends the night in a haunted house and becomes, unsuspecting , part of an annual ghost story. The hypnotic Steele plays the role of ghostly love interest - just like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> <br /> Most of the tricks used by Margheriti to create the strange atmosphere of the film (cobwebs canvases, creaky doors, fog, etc.) are sure to appear clichés in the eyes of an audience modern, but their work in black and white is much more effective than ever. Rather than using body figures and special effects, the film creates old-fashioned fears, based on a good story, an elegant staging, a refined set production, an interesting camera work and strong acting performances. Margheriti does a remarkable job in taking these elements and building the suspense of the film while the terrible paranormal secret of the house is revealed little by little to the author without wanting. <br /> <br /> The film is not without flaws. The pace lags at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I originally missed). This is probably compounded by the efforts of Synapse Films to restore the movie to its original length. Although fans will probably appreciate the chance to see the film restored - in terms of intro - it could have been more of a hindrance than a help. Voice dubbing in English is only passable, and in restored scenes, the language switches from English to French (English subtitles provided), which will certainly annoy some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves congratulations. for the quality of printing. It is clear that efforts have been made to restore it and rightly so. <br /> <br /> I really liked the film and would highly recommend it to fans of Italian Gothic films from the 60's or anyone with a good ghost story. <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
