"Danza Macabra" by Antonio Margheriti aka. "Castle Of Blood" from 1964 is a magnificent and incredibly haunting masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, and from "The Maschera Del Demonio" by Mario Bava (or "Black Sunday") from 1960 and "Pit And The Pendulum "by Roger Corman from 1961 (with the great Vincent Price) another must-see that has earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her well-deserved fame as the most important female horror icon in the history of cinema . But the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is not only one of my favorite actresses of all time, but the script of "Danza Macabra" was co-written by the film genius Sergio Corbucci, who made such ingenious steps in Spaghetti Western as "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). Italy's No. 2 on the pitch (right after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all-time masters of the Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly another film works so brilliantly to create an incredibly haunting, but beautiful atmosphere as in the case of this scary masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer of brilliant and macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a dark London tavern, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Riviere) accepts the bet of a noble night in his castle haunted in the night of the eve of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the strange castle, mysterious things begin to happen. Shortly after, however, he meets an inhabitant of the enchanting castle, the incredible beauty of Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events that have taken place so far, however, have been nothing more than forebodings of the terrors that the castle is wearing, but ... <br /> <br /> The strange setting of the castle alone would be enough to create a Dark ambience, excellent black and white cinematography and a superb score of Rice Ortolani create an incredibly haunting atmosphere, which is strange beyond comparison. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to associate beautiful beauty with Steele's disturbing realization, and no actress will ever do. Besides Steele, the casting of the film contains another amazing beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also delivers a superb performance. George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster is excellent, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is remarkable in many departments: Barbara Steele delivers one of her best performances, cinematography and places are hauntingly beautiful, the atmosphere is incredibly disturbing ... The film is simply a perfect set, Gothic beauty and the art of terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most ambitious and biggest Gothic horror movies ever made, and should not be missed by those interested in the genre! 10/10
