Today, actresses happily gain weight, dye their hair, disguise themselves, lose their glamor and Bette Davis is probably the actress behind the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett-style makeup in the movies, Davis was ready to go to pieces to create a character both outside and inside. <br /> <br /> Her The determination is amply demonstrated here in her epic film, "Of Human Bondage", in which she plays with Leslie Howard in the role of Philip Carey. Davis embodies Mildred, an avid, manipulative and greedy little life of Philip, masochist and at Howard's club feet. He meets her for the first time when she is a waitress and she allows him to take her to dinner and theater while she rompes with a rich old man (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth, Mildred is repulsed by Philip's club foot. For his part, Philip seems to appreciate the abuse of his open flirtation and his coolness towards him. It allows Mildred to drain her blood financially between two friends who drop her when they get tired of her, while he removes two really charming women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he has the courage to throw it in the trash, Mildred ransacked his apartment and stole it, forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his home. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks rather scalded at the moment. Although Leslie Howard has been a wonderful and attractive actor, his acting style is that of a more formal old school and, as a result, he tends to go out with what he does. He shines in a material like his opposite role to Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest" which appeals to his kind of technique. His dated acting is even more obvious here because Davis was forging a new field with a gritty and edgy performance that would really give him a name. If it seems sometimes exaggerated, it comes from the scene and the subtleties of the acting will appear to him later. Compare this performance with the restraint, warmth and sweetness of Henriette in "All this, and the sky too" or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory". She was a real actress and a true artist. Davis really lets himself look like a hell of hell; Mildred's deterioration is absolutely pathetic because Philip seems to be gaining strength as his mind fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent film in which we see one of the biggest stars of the film appear.
