While reading Web sites on Bette Davis, one can find examples where the authors claim that his acting is nothing special. I even found a site that said Bette Davis' success was probably due to her luck. But Mrs. Davis's 1934 films say the opposite. The most obvious example is that of two films she shot a few weeks apart: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters she has played in these movies, even though they are both negative, are very different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful glamorous and frivolous heiress and a much more sympathetic character than Mildred in the second, who is a pale Cockney waitress, uneducated and impudent. Needless to say, Mrs. Davis played both very authentic characters and with the same enthusiasm. But even that's not all. The fact is that the old role, which most actresses of the day wanted, was the one she was forced to play. The latter role, which seemed undesirable to most actresses, was a role for which she fought ferociously for months. And it is this last role which launched it among the biggest stars. There is no doubt that Ms. Davis knew from the start what she was doing. The film tells the story of a medical student, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), who falls in love with Cockney's waitress, Mildred Rogers. (Bette Davis), at some points of the week, but much stronger. The story is just too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, one does not really understand why a refined student found an interest in an impudent waitress in the first place. Well, there's a scene in which we're exposed to Ms. Davis' captivating eyes, but that's when her emotions have already completely changed. Nevertheless, the integrity of the story is preserved by the acting of Howard and Davis, as well as by the fantastic music of Steiner which tells tons of emotions, even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is fused with Phillip's backstroke sequences, supplemented by a simmering two-tone repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is used consistently in the film. And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen, because of the breathtaking beauty of Francis Dee (Ms. Dee was actually considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with a wind) as well as the captivating music of Steiner. The camera movements between the different scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my biggest objection is that the events are too two-dimensional, which makes the viewer think that Mildred is an ultimate slut. The most disgusting characters should be men who draw him into the relationship, although they knew they would abandon him after using it, but they ended up curiously describing them as sympathetic characters. After all, Mildred has always - specifically, but always honestly - let Phillip know that she despises him and that she has no interest in him. What he just refuses to hear. It is the masochistic nature of Phillips related to his club foot and his infantile experiences that is the main reason for his love problem. He is enslaved to his bot-foot as much as Mildred and may have to be released from both to start a normal life. Of course, Mildred, selfish and shameless, after discovering Phillip's voluntary bond with her, did her part to make her life hell. Even taking into account that she exploded after realizing that slavery had become loose, it's hard to understand why she would burn Phillip's money (Maugham had a different intention in his novel). After all, she might as well steal it and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the film is a little old fashioned, but every time you look at it, you can reveal interesting new details of the acting, the fascinating music and the original editing. deserves the highest possible rating.
