This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel puts Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She may have won an Academy Award for her performance, but the films were made on loan. His studio did not insist that she do it. His role in it does not come well compared to today's standards. While the heartless waitress who ransacked Philip, a sensitive medical student, almost spoils his life, Davis is far too sharp, almost demonic. The director John Cromwell, who used to get good performances from his actresses, may have been overwhelmed by it. Davis is observable, certainly, but so strident and so predatory that he seems barely human. I imagine the character of Millie quieter, less feminine than Davis, with perhaps a touch of tomboy. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that there is no mystery for her, so that Philip's attraction to her seems more overtly masochistic than she should be. <br /> <br /> As a Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His beautiful, slightly faded looks are perfect for this failed esthete. Nor does it impose any personal interpretation, as Dirk Bogarde would say, which gives his work a rare clarity. He seems to have quite the control, as he should, playing with a rational intellect struggling with irrational emotions that he can not handle or even fully satisfy, because the object of his affections makes him move from one way he does not understand. Howard was a good actor, too often portrayed in classic romantic roles that compelled him to appeal to charm, which he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I have not read the book that you do not feel comfortable commenting on the film's fidelity to it. I think that pretty much sums up the spirit of the story and that it has in Philip a perfect Philip Carey. The underlying sexual currents are muted and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sexual feelings, one wonders about the mental health of the character, certainly not about M's intention. Maugham. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains at the center of his concerns, as evidenced by his various reactions and aspirations for Millie to the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will come to understand the irrational, in itself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good film, a little scalded sometimes, by its age, it evokes London nicely and is generally well played.
