The electrifying performance of Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember the other players. They were as perfect in their roles as Davis in his - they simply did not have as much to do. Some critics felt the book was so much better - it was, but to give the film what it deserved, condensing a 600-page book in 83 minutes was not easy. The first part of the book was not even presented on screen: it tells the story of Phillip's childhood, then she moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip went to try to make himself known in France. as an artist. He also tells his first novel - with Fanny Price, who kills herself when she realizes that Phillip can not give him back her love feelings. It's a wonderful, but rambling book and I think anyone who does not really like the film should read it and realize the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he will never be. Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), a mediocre painter, returns to England hoping to get treatment. When he goes out to a tea room, he meets a sullen waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she has no interest in him and treats him basically like dirt, Phillip is obsessed. It is so difficult to follow his efforts to try to find a civility in this vicious shit. In a scene, she promises to meet him in a second-class railway waiting room, when they almost miss, she reprimands him: "Why should I wait in a second-class waiting room while 'there is a first class available'. You just want to shake it. The only time she likes him is when she tells him that she's going to marry another man, a sales wholesaler, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred off the board, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson), an adorable woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity of the books with the servants (in the novel that he saw Mildred read about them.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is unable to restore his love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her and she has a baby), of course, he takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the film, he is treated as an object - always called " baby ", never given a name or a sex) - she reimburses him running with his best friend. <br /> <br /> At the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits his sick father. He begins to visit him and discovers for the first time in his life the meaning of the family. So surprise! surprise! Mildred comes back like a penny and a surprise! Philip takes her home. But he has changed and feels only disgust when she tries to show her gratitude in the only way she knows how to do it. Then comes one of the most vicious verbal fights on the film, with phrases such as "you love shit, dirty pork", "I kissed you only because you begged me" and "when you go there I went, I wiped my mouth, I wiped my mouth "!!! In the book, many of Mildred's phrases such as "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "it does not bother me" and "Mr. High and Mighty" were associated with prostitutes and when Phillip met her He is struck for this first time. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie shows Phillip (being really free of Mildred in the only possible way) now free to love Sally. Back in the book, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she has a baby, but that makes her feel safer. This ending, like Mildred's "illness", could not be in the movie - even a pre-code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson has always been invited to play reasonable and credible women - what she played to perfection was obviously sensitive herself. Her Nora was the woman with whom Philip should have stayed. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful filmmakers. She was obviously prepared for celebrity with roles that proved she was not just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to fade. His Sally did not push his talent to the max. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the set. He was upset that an English actress did not have the role. He was throwing lines "reading a book off camera". He became interested in the situation when a newspaper announced that "the kid was running away with the photo" !!! <br /> <br /> Highly, highly recommended.
