I like Leslie Howard, in his best films. However, for some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE has never really moved me. I saw the film for the first time on my university campus in 1972 and the university newspaper critic stated that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard had played the roles supposedly to be picked up later by Dirk Bogard as the man born to be betrayed. This is not usually the case (I think Ashley Wilkes is a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were supposed to be an object of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard can play any type and role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* It can be said that Philip Armstrong Scott was betrayed by the two strangers he has He is the hospitality of the 49th PARALLEL, but it is the Nazis who consider him - a liberal, a Westerner, a Canadian - like a fair game to double in wartime.This is not the same as an emotional betrayal, and Howard does not lose sight of, therefore, but faces the Nazis and captures one after having beaten him.) <br /> <br /> I think the reviewer's comment was that Howard could be moved - or try to be moved. Witness his poet - dreamer - wander in THE PETRIFIED FOREST. But this character has not been betrayed, except by history perhaps (because he thinks his guy is as old-fashioned as the gangster embodied by Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham, from "HUMAN BONDAGE", is also evocative. He is sensitive for several reasons. He is interested in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE, he has no talent. He decides to focus on medical studies, accentuated by a club foot disease. Here is a man with low self-esteem who is prepared to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds this betrayal in the form of Mildred, a cockney waitress (Bette Davis), mercenary and as selfish as they come. We do not really talk about why Philip falls for her in the movie, but he finds the woman fascinating. And she finds him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, captivated by this slut, Philip does not notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) and who are more apt to be his companion. He also continues to find himself forgiving Davis for having sex with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - Howard's last friend). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance reflects Philip's tendency towards Mildred, he does not really show enough passion (until the end of the film, when he attacks it). That's why I think I never cared about his performance here - it's lacking in reality. His belated and tortured insistence on GONE WITH THE Wind that he loves Olivia De Haviland, and not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the film important. She had a wide variety of roles until 1934, such as the girlfriend of the deaf pianist in THE MAN WHO PLAYED GOD or the spoiled heiress who is being murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-shaped secretary in THREE ON A MATCH. As Mildred, she finally showed that she could play the role of a major actress by playing the role of a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Curiously, his performance was not entirely unique. While she uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the movie, culminating in this famous scene where she shows how much her kiss disgusted her, her latest scenes show that she too could collapse because of her health deteriorating and his inability to continue. honest jobs. When Howard rejects it, the viewers fail to notice how just as vicious he is (he asks what happened to his baby - she tells him the baby is dead and Howard suddenly says he's happy, which is far from the answer she expects). In the end, Howard ends up putting his life in order, but Mildred ends a victim (ironically, his death was discovered by his old boyfriend, Denny, during a medical call). The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to name Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign in his history and a permanent change in his rules), but Davis was made a star. In one year, she won the Oscar for Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years, she again co-starred with Howard (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
