Cockney's accent of Bette Davis in this film is absolutely appalling. I fully understand that the Americans and other nationalities might not realize it and that's fine; but believe me, it's about half as bad as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and it was a good load of old pony (slipped into the London vernacular - many excuses). <br /> <br /> What's remarkable For me, strange accents and exaggerated play styles do not detract from the power of movies. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial defects. We must also see this in perspective. The technical and cultural limits of making films of the time must be appreciated. Given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and allows the narrative to develop in a cinematic way rather than just through dialogue and dialogue. The scene at Victoria Station is a good example of his skillful direction. It is beautifully designed, shot and edited. Also note the dark shots of prostitute Mildred towards the end of the film; they owe more to the beginning of the making of artistic films than the clean and stereotypical world of the studio that was about to dominate. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally familiar and convincing: sexual obsession, without counterpart. love, disdained passion, self-loathing, manipulative relationships, social divisions and juvenile madness. Although the dialogue is often rather banal, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner life of the characters is well addressed, albeit discreetly. Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are hard to look at, but the story has not become clichéd. we are aware that the characters (even the Mildred poison) are both victims and perpetrators and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each other's feelings as well as by their selfish selfishness. Although naive, the story touches the complex core of the human condition and the playful nature of the acting and the sometimes difficult exchanges do not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> movies that caught Bette Davis' attention in Hollywood and watching him, you are aware of witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and on-screen charisma (no one has turned around or disdained just like Ms. Davis) have caught your attention since her first appearance. While his is undoubtedly the memorable performance of the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as a sensitive and fragile student, Philip Carey. Why are they a good combination? Why oh why did not he help her with that terrible and terrible accent !?
