This film talks about the sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. She is a woman who attracts men. Not because she is a beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come and say that, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the film where the men all look at her. She works as a waitress in a cafe, she can not read and she is not really a person to watch, but she is a flirt. It is obvious that the male customers of this coffee are present because of her. One day, Phillip, a medical student who has failed in the crowbar, comes into the shop to say a good word for his friend, but he gets mad as soon as he sees it. He's starting to buy things for her apartment. In the meantime, she sees other people and she does not hide her secret. He dreams of her as if she were an angel, but he is not an angel. He constantly thinks of her. His academic achievements in medicine fail even. So what is the nookie too good. He wants to marry her but she rejects him because she marries another guy. She always tells Phil that she does not really have feelings of love for him all the time. His heart is broken but he meets another woman. They seem to be fine, but it's obvious he's still dreaming of Bimbo. Mildred brings back with a baby and single. Phillip takes her again, but she starts going out with one of her friends, the light bulb comes on a bit and he throws her out. She does what she knows how to do and tries to seduce him. It does not work and she burns the money from her tuition. Oh, we have a crowbar on which he has problems, even if a teenager in the street who has the same problem tells him to calm down. He meets another girl, Sally. We have a montage of mars of time that shows her aging while still guiding her in the expectation of Mildred. Well, he does not have a course, can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her father take it. Not until another montage of March of Time showing him going down. Soon his uncle who raised him dies and he gets money to become a doctor. In the meantime, he finds that Mildred still needs him. She has tuberculosis. Meanwhile, he still leads Sally on the way to Primrose about the wedding and works for a liner. Finally, the bimbo dies and Phillip declares himself free now and will marry Sally. I wish she had told him to stuff it. Now, I know that my interpretation of the characters will not bring me points. But I feel that Phillip was the bad guy. Yes Mildred is a Strumpet BUT he knows it and he keeps coming back. In the meantime, he has two other girlfriends who love him but he treats like appetizers. I guess sex was not so good. But in any case, he catches women waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who puts Mildred pregnant is already married and when Philip asks what he plans to do about Baby (apparently, the name of the baby), he laughs, he has no intention of support and Baby and he is rich. Sally's father, who has nine children, says rather nasty things about women, but he is said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to refute his feelings either. Men use Mildred as a boy's toy, but the men of this film are unscathed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from a bad guy. For me, it was Philip who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
