After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role that she claimed and put it in the ranks of strength to be reckoned with. While Mildred Rogers, Davis begins with the totally unlovely role of a slutty waitress who becomes the target of Leslie Howard's affection and already eager to cling to a role like this, she had no qualms about saying what his character meant. to do throughout the film and the terrible transformation it will undergo. It has also been widely noted that her performance here, one of the few things that makes this film slightly jagged visible, has been the one to remember even after two remakes and the scenes where she tears Howard have made movie history. <Br/> <br /> After about 85 minutes, the story moves at a good pace and tells the story of Philip Carey (Howard) as his life crosses again and again with the destructive Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis' chemistry is almost non-existent - Davis argued in an interview much later in life that she did not care at all about Howard's coldness for her and that it helped her act even worse towards him as Mildred. In spite of everything, the two seem clumsy with each other; Their scenes remain together stiff, being saved only by the fierce acidity that Davis brings to his lines and his own nervous presence. Again, Cromwell's management has some stability on itself that sometimes fails to pass - it tries to fill a space (when Davis is not there) with dissolutions and fixtures indicating the passing time (a calendar superimposed on a changing event). Frances Dee). Quite in style at the time. It was before the arrival of technical details and complicated camera angles. Essentially, the visual story is a simplified and bare-bones translation of the essence of Somerset Maugham's novel - which says a lot, since in 600 pages, "Of Human Bondage" would be Even if it was difficult to film, even at this moment. <br /> <br /> In terms of history, Philip Carey may be a kind of glutton, because there is no noticeable sexual attraction between him and Mildred and that aggravates this situation even more, Mildred does not never hides his dissatisfaction. Howard's performance never seems to feel much outside emotion - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never goes too far from the lost (he could almost be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - shot , hurt, and absolutely passive), but that may be part of his character and the reason why he does not see other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) making themselves vulnerable to unshared conditions. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah, once she realizes that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who sums up the story by stating that people are related to other people - she is related to Carey as Carey is related to Mildred and Mildred herself. is related to Miller (or to the men who correspond to the role of supplier). In her short but memorable scene, she holds the essence of the moral of the story.
