Back to the 36th room is one of those classic Kung-Fu movies that Shaw produced in the '70s and' 80s, whose genre is the equivalent of the Hollywood spaghetti westerns, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, the counterpart of Clint Eastwood. Remastered numerically and new print made for the Fantastic Film Festival, it is "Presented in Shaw Scope", as in the good old days. <br /> <br /> This film is a simple story of good against evil, told in 3 acts, which more or less summarize the story of martial arts films at that time. <br /> <br /> Law 1 establishes the places. Workers at a dye mill in a small village are unhappy with their fate. Their salaries are reduced by 20% by gangsters of manchus. They can not do much about their exploitation because none of them are good at fighting gangsters and their bosses. At first, they had a minor success in inducing Liu to imitate a highly skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but their awakening was exposed when they pushed the limit of credibility by imitating all too often one of them. Act Two shows the protagonist who wants to return to the crowd. However, without a real martial art, he takes a trip to the Shaolin Temple to try to infiltrate and learn the martial arts on the sly. After a few crazy moments, he is finally accepted by the abbot (whom he imitated!), But he is disappointed by the teaching methods. . Nothing can hold a good man, and unintentionally, he strengthens his strength, endurance and learns kung fu in an unorthodox way. <br /> <br /> The third act is the beginning of the fight party. With tacky sound effects, every obvious contactless treatment is treated with maximum impact. But it's rather refreshing to watch the fight scenes here, with its broad shots to highlight the clarity and detail between the training partners, and the use of slow motion only to present the stunts from different angles. You may find the speed of the fights a little too slow, with a pause between the moves, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style used ad-nausem in Hollywood movies, they certainly do not do battle scenes as before! The return to the 36th room will be a new projection Monday, so if you're ready for a nostalgic trip in the past, what are you waiting for?
