I thought it would be a sequel to the original "36th Shaolin Chamber", but in reality it's more of a "sister" light to the original. Gordon Liu still plays the role of potential hero in his quest for kung fu to defeat these Manchu satanic ... but this time, he is lighter and more comical. The film is centered around the local dyeing factory, where wages are reduced because of the hiring of 10 new Manchu bosses. Liu plays "Chao", able to make the bosses believe that he is a shaolin monk with almost magical kung fu skills. But his luck runs out, he is exposed as a fraudster and he promises the factory workers to go to Shaolin Monastery to learn kung fu and come back to protect them. <br /> <br /> The comedy really begins at the monastery where Chao tries repeatedly to be accepted. This creates a lot of really fun moments and a lot of combat choreography. Continuing the tradition of the "36th Chamber", we observe all kinds of orderly and interesting (and supremely hokey) training methods at the monastery, as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and remarkable is the mix of kung-fu and bamboo scaffolding construction crafts. Chao is not accepted as a student in Shaolin but is made to build a bamboo scaffold for the "10 year restoration" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there's a special show on bamboo scaffolding and inspiration from director Lau Kar-Leung. It's a job hundreds of years old (maybe even thousands of years old) and in Hong Kong, scaffolding is still built in bamboo, even on great heights, although the West only uses tubes and steel collars. As a result of his work on scaffolding, Chao develops a special style of kung-fu ... when asked what type he is, he responds hilariously "scaffolding kung-fu !!" that he first tested during a cleaning session with the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchu, there are an impressive number of creative uses of bamboo sticks and ties. <br /> <br /> From a comedy point of view, I think it's one of the best kung-fu. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to everyone!
