I watched (and recorded) a few years back on local TV and, having been disappointed by it, I then erased the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a double-film DVD of Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters at a very affordable price, I could not help but give it a second look ( since printing). In fact, I received the DVD a few months ago, but it's only now that Harrington has died. Fortunately, this time, I was more receptive to the film and, in fact, I now consider it one of the most satisfying of what happened to Babe Jane? (1962) Imitations (with whom he shares the scriptwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film offers a magnificent evocation of Depression America from the 1930s - with its infatuation as a child star and its sensational killings (exploited opening news); it is done with elegance (congratulations for Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Eugene Lourie's scenography) and has an effective score by David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir offer excellent performances. the latter is particularly impressive as a diction coach larger than life and vaguely sinister (even if he finally turns out to be a simple fool!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead are also on the bill (his is just a cameo, really, because the evangelist she plays is mostly heard on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the children (including a fun imitation of Mae West), but personally, it did not bother me; the film slightly exceeds its reception due to a slow pace and a complicated (perhaps useless) plot. Reynolds - a music star herself - ideally plays the role of dance school owner and, despite their rivalry on the set, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced representation of paranoia and madness than in WHOOVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); the story thus presents a number of ironic twists that lead to the expected outcome of the Grand Guignol type. Apparently, the movie was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) From producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's will - in order to get a PG rating ...
