Well, here is another great example of clumsy filming of the 70s! The rudimentary premise of "What's wrong with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any film crew, this would certainly have become a nasty and rocky operating tale, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Tunle Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte ") responsible, it has become a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is certainly horrible, but there is still a lot to live, like love stories, a swing atmosphere of the 1930s and lots of songs and taps! This is undoubtedly the setting that makes this film so unique. We were literally catapulted in the 1930s, with a sublime representation of music, religion, theatrical affairs and wardrobes of that time. After the long and exhausting lawsuit that sentenced their sons to life in prison, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California to try to start a new life by leading a dance school for talented girls. . In particular, Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment because she falls in love with a millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink into an infernal spiral of madness and paranoia. She only listens to the rumors of a radio-evangelist, fears being punished for the crimes her son has committed, and is slowly developing violent tendencies. The script, though not entirely flawless, is well written and the film is well paced. "What's wrong with Helen", although the sequences of songs, tap and tango are long and unrelated to the plot. But the atmosphere is continually threatening and the film undoubtedly benefits from Shelley Winters' formidable theatrical performance. She's downright scary as an unpredictable and introverted lady who's about to take a second and, especially over the last ten minutes, she looks more petrifying than all the handsets of Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers ! There are several wonderful support characters who are, unfortunately, a bit underdeveloped and deprived of their potential, like Micheal MacLiammóir as arrogant speech teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a scary priestess and Timothy Carey as a visitor intrusive in ladies. There are some surprisingly horrible scenes and shock moments for the big Guignol fanatics among us, but the sets and costumes (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are breathtaking.
