The most bizarre of the cinematographic subgenres is the so-called "The Big Ladies of the Big Guignol": camp horror films that combine a high-level melodrama with gothic sensations and always performed by an experienced actress and almost forgotten in the golden age of Hollywood in unflattering roles of long-suffering victims or crunches of evil harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual actor showcase that allowed them to show their content on screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's wrong with Helen" is the last drop of this subgenre with the breathtaking performances of Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who are fleeing their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a school of talents to milk greedy mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie has happiness, clients, tango, tap-dancing and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver meanwhile, Shelley marvels with horrible flashbacks, menacing anonymous calls, threatening aliens, Agnes Moorehead as an evangelist radio, cute little rabbits (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!). <br /> <br /> The sloppy scenario (written by Henry Farrell, the man who launched all this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" with master-director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of holes in the plot, red herring and wasted opportunities that would have made this movie awesome: the underlying themes of the twisted motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and dominant moms of the child stars) and obsessive connections between women (the relationship between Debbie and Shelley and the fact that the few characters asculins of this movie are either sinister or even fishy dream boat Dennis Weaver texan) are wasted. Debbie Reynolds' musical melodies are interludes and dancing toddlers, although it's fun to watch too much time on the screen of what is supposed to be a psychological cooler. But this movie is still very entertaining. The two stars and the elegant direction of Curtis Harrington easily overcome its flaws. The film reenactment of the 1930s is colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is truly frightening with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days. And you will not easily forget that silly song "Goody, goody" that runs through the film either. And see a Shelley Winters more and more crazy to break all the chances of happiness Debbie Reynolds is a real delusion to watch! <br /> <br /> 8 of 10.
