Carefully sandwiched between THE STRANGER, a small film noir image that proved to Welles that he could do a great job of genre on time and on budget. He ironically proved his greatest box-office success of the 1940s, and MACBETH, a budget-free adaptation of Shakespeare toured in the old western LA DAME DE SHANGAI, a dark black film woven from the very fabric of the Wellesian myth that covers THE MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film that the director has failed to save from the clutches of studio directors. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war hype of the film noir in full swing, Welles Always ahead of his time, a true visionary director with great artistic integrity , imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows already darker, more sinister, paranoid and sinuous than anything his contemporaries did at the time. It is no wonder that the film was so misunderstood in its day, so much so that there was an entire hour of footage left in the editing room, and again it was Europe who defended it as another Welles classic. <br /> <br /> Some pieces are remarkable. The scene of the aquarium with its flickering light and its ominous shadows, and of course the final Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, a classic of Wellesian bravura as in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only flaw I find in the film is Welles' ill-timed Irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing of the first act. The story unfolds gradually and hypnotizing, cuts that only intensify. I think the heavily chopped versions of Shangai and Ambersons are surrealistic in this respect. <br /> <br /> Welles will be exile in Europe for ten years and will return in 1958 to deliver another classic Stonewall classic, the monumental TOUCH OF. EVIL, perhaps the jewel of the black film that was already in its last days. Shangai was not a box office success, it was a star vehicle of the then Hollywood star Rita Hayworth, and Welles' marriage to Hayworth ended before the film was released. Sixty years later and one hour of filming less, Shanghai is still one of the best black film images that can be discovered. This must surely count for something.
