In spite of Rita Hayworth's love, the discovery of the last intriguing film sequences and the possibility of appreciating some subtle "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, The Lady of Shanghai did not work for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the general structure. And in a movie where most people talk to each other in different situations, that's a big problem. The lady from Shanghai found herself at a very low "C", or a 7, for me. <br /> <br /> The lady from Shanghai is really all about Orson Welles's character, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park in a carriage and hits her. Later, he saves her from aggression and she looks at him. O'Hara is an Irish sailor and the traveler Elsa owns a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful California defense lawyer. They persuade O'Hara to work for them, despite her initial reservations - it seems to her, as well as to the public, that Elsah is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and O'Hara does not want to get involved. . <br /> <br /> Shortly after going to work on their yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who introduces himself as Arthur's partner, arrives at the stopover and begins to sow the trouble. Finally, Grisby asks O'Hara to embark on a very dubious and dangerous ploy. Stupidly, O'Hara agrees. Naturally, this causes him some trouble and, finally, a number of mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Maybe my problems with the film lie in the fact that, for the moment, I'm not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here he produces, writes, realizes and uses most of the screen time. I have never seen most of Welles' works before, but I have tended to like his latest films later, when he became a little more campy and successful. I like F for Fake (Truths and Lies, 1974) for example, and I even like his performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he strangely insisted on being able to do magic tricks at a baccarat table, but citizen Kane (1941) never did much for me, despite three or four odds over the years (including about a year ago, my score was 7 - the same as my current score for The Lady of Shanghai). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written for himself seem touched and pretentious. He is a bit biting, a little boor and a bit monotonous - he tends to seem to read. His performance reminded me of what I saw about Welles' Moby Dick version (listed on IMDb in 1999, but "completed" in 1971, it can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995) )), where he seems to be just reading on camera and believing that he is dramatically intrinsically dramatic. I am also someone who almost never complains of accents, but Welles manages to make sure that his Irish accent sounds affected and pretentious for me too. <br /> <br /> As for the other performances, I can only say that I thought Hayworth did a great job. Of course, she is beautiful, which does not hurt. A lot of eye candy here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a little affected and pretentious for me. I never really bought his character, his disability, etc., and Anders is just weird, where weird does not seem to fit. Welles often shoots him in close-up and Anders almost always has an exaggerated manic expression on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the lady of Shanghai is very unequal. The first 50 minutes or so are extremely bland and serials, though soap operas tend to be approached with a tortuous oblique. Once Grisby presents his diagram, things improve a little and improve, especially as the end approaches. But by the time The Lady of Shanghai becomes a crime / mystery film, it is too late and quickly turns into a drama of hearing before the sudden and exciting end that comes almost from nowhere and is over too quickly for her parent. Excellency. <br /> <br /> The end is more action-oriented, less cumbersome in dialogue, more varied and more exotic in frames and sometimes quite abstract. Welles skilfully manages this combination of materials as a director. If the Shanghai lady had been a combination of both crime and mystery and artistic end, she could easily have been at least 9. The final scenes are easily ten, while Welles passes a suspenseful scene Hitchcock at a San Francisco Chinese Opera at another suspenseful scene in a Chinese amusement park. The highlight of the funhouse uses experimental cinematography for its time. It is well integrated with the scenario because it allows a complex resolution and feeds a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is always interesting, even if it does not usually solve problems in the foreground. Welles blocks the scenes with skill. There is a lot of attractive scenery, from Central Park to Acapulco to various places in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for his action, from the steep heights and drops of Acapulco to the Caribbean labyrinthine streets, to the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. The romance material, for which the aquarium serves as a backdrop, is strangely troubled by a kind of unease throughout the film, but on the other hand, it makes sure that the romance never quite works like a romance. <br /> <br /> Surely serious fans of Welles will appreciate much more than me the Lady of Shanghai, and of course, a watch to watch if you like Rita Hayworth. The lady of Shanghai is not really a terrible film, in my opinion, but she is dangerously close to not "passing". Proceed with caution.
