The Lady From Shanghai is strange even by the standards of its eminent director, Orson Welles, whose latest Hollywood film was for many a moon. It's a sort of postmodern noir film made at a time when more conventional films like this were very popular. It is about a lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls in love with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, was married to Welles at the time) and her disabled husband, and probably helpless, played with a smart go and malicious of Everett Sloan. A long sea voyage followed, followed by Welles as a bodyguard, and the intrigue became more complicated when Sloan's legal partner (Glenn Anders) introduced himself and began to stir up trouble by uttering strange speeches about suicide and other morbid subjects suggesting that the man is on the verge of mental depression. A plot to assassinate ensues and all kinds of calamities ensue for Welles and his employers. At this point, the story, blurred and told at a slow pace so far, goes to the bottom of things, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant director sets that seem to have been launched to give the film part of the motivation and urgency that his story does not have in itself, and the result is a very watchable and often pleasant disorder at all times incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie, other than maybe revitalize his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction comes, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never looked less attractive. The fact that she is also chosen as femme fatale seems strange, because besides her beauty, her most attractive feature as a screen personality was her beauty, a quality she does not have in this picture. The director himself is strangely unattractive and martyred to O'Hara, the sailor (no doubt) easy-going, since Welles, despite all his gifts, was not known to be an easy-going man. Sean Connery or Robert Shaw may have been able to breathe life twenty or thirty years later. Welles does not do it. The most interesting performance of the film is that of Glenn Anders in the role of Grisby, the partner of Sloan's treacherous law. Anders does wonders with the role and is photographed in a weird way, while his scenes end on strange, bitter notes, and are often mounted in an agitated manner; but in spite of everything, he succeeds in making Grisby's disturbance palpable and disturbing, and anticipates in a distinguished manner the most flamboyant actors of the Method, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that is funny. me about this film: what was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and he tended to make brilliant statements in his films, whether or not he agreed with his world view. I think I have an answer or a partial answer: Welles summed up his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The Lady From Shanghai is not exactly a slacker of the studio moguls of the time, but I suspect it is, in her portrait of Amoral, her rivals rival lawyers (read: producers) who express the opinion of Welles on Hollywood energy brokers. That he presented himself as a sailor without roots, tells. Welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. He was hired by a studio to provide him with a big and prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which provoked a storm of controversy that he had never fully recovered. This is perhaps the problem that does not dare to say his name in this film, that is to say the personal failure of Welles not to overcome the shock of his novelty in the colony of the film and his incapacity to deliver the goods, as promised. The mere fact that he shows up in Hollywood, just like his presence in the film, can not prevent catastrophes that are beyond his control. The fact that he appeared in the film as a naïve and lovable foreigner testifies to a lack of self-knowledge on the part of Welles. He was much more of an internal player than he had let him say, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the craziest aspects of life and himself, who knew it.
