In New York, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from assault and rape as she takes a carriage through Central Park - and regrets regret . Hayworth with Titian's hair is a platinum blonde in this one; as dazzling as the freshly fallen snow - but far from being so pure ... <br /> <br /> Revealing the complicated plot of this black "black" would be criminal. It's as misleading as the mirrors used to cause cataclysmic effects in the final scenes - but the film holds much darker secrets: From the New York Times: "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story of the Murder of Black Dahlia" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, who was 15-year-old Bette Short, befriends her and offers her a detailed, if speculative, analysis of Orson Welles, particularly for her film" The Lady From Shanghai. " Pacios, the film, along with related archival material, contains many of the same ritual elements associated with the murder of Short, and asks the following question: Could Welles have been the murderer? "Interesting theories - and with the avalanche of books on "The Black Dahlia", many more may appear. Fritz Lang's brutal "noir noir", "The Big Heat" (1953), was a novel to be told about the murder of "Dahlia" in "The City Of Nets" which was LA - but this is the Orson opus that the "Dahlia" had a "practical" connection with. In reality, it's Bugsy Siegel (and the 1940s Hollywood crowd wars) that made the "Dahlia" in ... but it does not detract from what Pacios wrote. Almost all Hollywood meets the short film Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") and its story / aura / heritage / curse is encoded in a number of Golden Age movies. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" was still showing the peripheral limits of "Shanghai" - even before shooting began. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "Before losing the option against Orson Welles, he was thinking of doing" The Lady From Shanghai. "Franchot said he had been in a deplorable state when he met the Dahlia. Formosa Cafe * in front of Goldwyn Studios ... "* The floor above the Formosa Cafe was occupied by Bugsy Siegel's office and by" The Dahlia ", one of his own running for" girls "again. <br /> <br /> It gets darker and darker- After the 1951 fight around Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never speak again in the same way, "said Barbara, she married Tone" just to thwart Neal. "Tom (" Detour ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(who did not know it?) and became obsessed - from" LA Despair "by John Gilmore:" The assassination in January 1947 of the beautiful and potential actress Elizabeth Short, known as "The Black Dahlia", was one of the most gruesome murders in the annals of modern crime. project "Who Killed The Black Dahlia?" was launched by actor Tom Neal, who unleashed the hell of WWII Potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to come up with a more imaginative commercial proposition than presented by Tom Neal and his cohorts ... "Shortly after:" It would be very clear a beautiful day ahead Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew the "Dahlia" and their stories. We know that all those who crossed the path of the "Dahlia" (as the black cat proverb) entered a "Twilight Zone" Darkness and / or had an incredible following of bad luck. Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - and this includes a film depicted called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years before being broadcast -edit-and all because Columbia's president, Harry Cohn, could not understand the story. It's black "black" to be sure - one of the darkest, actually. It's also a nasty satire about life in the new atomic age. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" puts forward an insistent subtext of the nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive black statement about the atomic bomb and the American city. The main author of the film (and there are many), a psychotic lawyer and a double trafficker, plans managed Armageddon at any time, claiming he can "feel" it. He announces his intention to escape to a remote island in the Pacific, a particularly bitter joke on the part of Welles since it is the same year that the United States began to test atomic bombs in such a place. Bikini atoll, which displaced all the inhabitants and destroyed the place. ecosystem. At the time of Bikini, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military officers; The first bomb dropped in the Pacific test bench is called "Gilda" and carries the image of Hayworth, dressed in a provocative dress, painted directly on its case ... "<br /> It is ironic The broad interpretation given by Orson Welles to the Irish is considered by many to be a detriment to the film, and Welles gives a clue to the viewers: "Michael O'Hara" is only the narrator - he is not part of the film. story even though it revolves around him. "O'Hara" contradicts shark Michael O'Hara "tells the story." Elsa Bannister "causes binge eating during" O'Hara "trial and net hat suggests staying in a cage so as not to devour human viewers to a Roman colesee, which feeds on frenzy, chatting and telling the story of a human aquarium "Elsa", similar to the sequence of the San Francisco Marine Museum. It's the human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara". He spends his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa") or trying to die. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eats its own tail at the end and the viewer is warned not to have any problems.
