After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, the Hollywood rulers decided to turn their backs in mud against the great Orson Welles. With the exception of KANE, Welles has lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, TRAVEL IN FEAR and many more upcoming movies. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmaker when Hollywood needed a few others. THE DAME DE SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood vision of Welles' films at the time, a film that seems a little agitated and does not speak fluently. It has a conventional premise of the 1940s told in a very unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up in the editing room. It is now the legend that the magnate of Colombia, Harry Cohn, stood up during his first projection and asked what it was. In hindsight, many old grunts who ran the studios at the time had no idea of ​​cinematographic techniques, and the mastery of Orson Welles' and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI's masterful narrative was almost perfect because of their intrusion. . <br /> <br /> In addition to being unquestionably the greatest director of all time, Welles was also a very good performer as an actor. At 25, we all know he made "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in the history of cinema. Here he lives in a rare, low-minded, unintelligent character, something unknown to those who are familiar with Welles' great work. Instead of a wise and clever tongue, he speaks with an Irish roar. Rita Hayworth (his unhappy wife at the time) plays the wife of an unfortunate lawyer, who seduces Welles and leads him to a job that will take him to the limit of deception and disillusionment. It's a big pawn that may have even murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with beautiful blonde hair) and the crippled husband, Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). A scary partner of Sloane is ready to sail around the country to trigger a number of strange events that turn the head of "Michael O'Hara" of Welles. Welles tells the picture like O'Hara, but things are still not clear. See for yourself and realize that you need at least two views to know exactly what's going on. <br /> <br /> An unusually strange sequence of a courtroom is centered around "O'Hara", with Sloane's defense. This is a strangely comical scene with bizarre audience methods, including the cross-examination of Sloane. I was not really kidding here because the movie ends here after a first part that never takes off anyway. So far, the cinematography is excellent, some scenes are shot with art and skill (love scene in an aquarium), but there is no distinct line drawing the elements and we, the public, in. Apparently, the court scene was turned against Welles' demands again (Hayworth's 10 close-ups were ordered) and an improvised song sung by the starlet was launched at Cohn's insistence. Welles, who was again excluded from the editing process, got a loud note. Thank Welles himself for saving the film entirely with an end of tour de force that will always be cherished. The so-called "Hall of Ice" scene brings enthusiasts rightly, rightly. <br /> <br /> You have to see it to believe it and to summarize well some confused ideas presented. The fall of the mirrors represents the disenchantment of "O'Hara" and the "crazy house" is itself a masterpiece of art and decor decoration. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place and is indeed "crazy", twisted and turned like a picture of Dali. This is a beautiful conclusion to an imperfect image that, if left alone, would probably have been part of the AFI Top 100. Three or four other Orson Welles films might have been among the best collective lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for the Mercury drives that are so important in Welles images. They appear everywhere. EVALUATION: 8 out of 10
