Looking at one of Orson Welles' latest contributions to Hollywood as a filmmaker, I knew I was watching a great movie unfold, though I sometimes did not know why. The story of The Lady from Shanghai presents the main elements of a film noir: lead-Joe, femme fatale, visible secondary characters and an understandable but somewhat complicated plot structure. It's an entertaining merry-go-round full of unique Welles gifts as a director, but some scenes tend not to work or feel complete in Welles' complete vision (the latter is unfortunately too true - executive producer Harry Cohn and Columbia executives are to blame for this). <br /> <br /> Welles shares the spotlight with his wife of the time, the lovely Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and gets angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), accompanied by a friend, Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control over his eyes). They want to go sailing on their yacht and take O'Hara for the ride. At first, he is reluctant, but agrees because he cracks for a married woman. As their journey unfolds, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisby are not pleasant to be around, and even more so with Grisby, who seems to be coming out of his gourd first. As the plot unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby is considering getting for insurance money, with results I dare not reveal (although they have been discussed many times by others). <br /> <br /> Whatever the liabilities that appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those few moments in which the shots were dictated in the studio), the performance and the look of the film are what remains striking after more than fifty-five years. Although he does not have the formidable Greg Tolland (Kane DP) at his side, the highly reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and austere, covered with shadows, focus deep and weak angles. One particular achievement is the scene of amusing mirrors, which is simply a climax among others. Welles himself is always reliable as an actor, even if his accent is nothing special, and Hayworth herself makes a scene a little more lush, despite her career in history. <br /> <br /> The lady from Shanghai is worth the detour, especially for fans of Welles, Hayworth or film noir (fans of the Coen brothers could also find this fascinating). This may take a little time, repeat the screenings (as was the case for Touch of Evil), so that the underlying motivations of the plot get bogged down.
