Here are excerpts from a "nine-page Mr. Welles memo to Mr. Cohn", written after Orson saw the edited version of the photo by Harry Cohn's studio mogul (it took an hour ): <br /> <br /> "... The title music of the preview was written by a world-class composer, George Antheil.While not being written for our image, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something lush and romantic that made it acceptable.The only musical idea that seems to have been evoked by this current composer (Heinz Roemheld) is the tired of using a popular song - the "theme "- in as many arrangements as possible" Please Do not Kiss Me "for almost all the decks and for a lot of the documentation The air is nice, maybe it does very well on Hit Parade - but Lady of Shanghai is not a musical .. Mr. Roemheld is a fervent follower of n an old-fashioned rating system that is now referred to in our activities. s like "Disney". In other words, if someone falls, he makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. If the lab had scratched the initials and phone numbers on all the negative, I could not be more dissatisfied with the results ... Just before going abroad, I asked Vi (the publisher, Viola Lawrence) to make a reduction that would involve dropping the near-accident with the taxi cab and also a little dialogue. I am convinced that it would have been an excellent break ... saving essential sequences in the slow opening sequence (this has not been done, which explains the main weaknesses of the movie's opening film) ... There is nothing in fact Rita's dive to justify a great orchestral crescendo ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the perverse connotations suggested by the character of Grigsby and the stupor of Michael . All or part of these elements could have inspired the music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it were a major climax or a particular moment in a silly symphony: a fall in the air of Pluto the Puppy, or a wild jump in the Donald Duck's space ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat. It is sorely lacking a little wind and water. There is no point photographing a scene on a real boat if you give the impression that all this happened in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary partition we used a very curious method. , Latin American sexy variety ... This has been replaced by a cheesy "dramatic" sequel - bad stock stock ... This kind of music destroys this quality of the strangeness that is exactly what could have saved Lady of Shanghai from to be just another whodunit ... There is a great musical explosion after Grigsby's phrase: "I want you to kill him." It's absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music that comes out of the radio ... was supposed to be pretty old-fashioned to make some satirical point. At the moment, it's about the same level as the rest of the rating. No one in the audience can suspect that we are joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please Do not Kiss Me" is back! ... Bad dubbing and a poor score destroyed the character of Michael's descent. From the shot to the phone call, there was a cautious voice system that required a lot of time and effort. For some reason, all this has been set aside in favor of a vague hullabaloo. As a result, the entire footage seems dull ... At this point, the public should have the feeling, along with Michael, that maybe they are going crazy. The new dubbing job gives them only the feeling of falling asleep perhaps ... The fight with the mirrors that break up must not be accompanied by music ... The closing music makes again reference to "Please Do not Kiss Me "... This finale is so obvious that it becomes vulgaristic and does incalculable damage at the end of the photo." <br /> <br /> All of Orson's changes have been ignored
