Located in Japan, Ashura is the story of demons seizing the land. The premise is much more complicated, but we must not forget the captivating scenario. Japan is in turmoil, demons occupying a human form wandering on its land. In general, demons look like humans and act like humans, but they are perverse. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic ogre form that is a mythological creature of some historical stature. We're talking about creatures that look more like gods than ugly and devouring monsters. <br /> <br /> However, there are only green eyes and green teeth, which appear when they are placed under some kind. of stress. In order to save the world from demons, there are demon killers. Trained and competent warriors, able to spot and defeat most demons of all types, and guarding the passage between the realm of hell and that of the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. In the midst of these festivities, three men, dressed in black, seem to want to hurt. The villagers run, except for those who are demonic in nature, who have green eyes and try to kill them. The demon killers eventually kill the majority of demons. From there, the story becomes interesting. All the essence of the story begins when, at the door of hell, a revealing demon of fortune appears in front of the 3 gatekeepers, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With it comes the end of man's reign and begins the reign of demons. Ashura, however, requires some form of childbirth, the first step of which took place during the opening battle, but which will not be revealed to you until the screening of the film. The three demon-killers are a wise old man, a powerful but unscrupulous man, and a clever and compassionate warrior. Immediately, you can see the split that separates them, the old man wanting to stop the demons, the powerful wanting to bend them to his increasing selfish maniacal desires and the third seeking to stop the second. On the way, he meets a woman with whom he begins to take a liking and believes he has a special relationship. She is in her turn a brigand of good humor, sought by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on his shoulder and, suddenly, she is angry with a mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. What follows is a battle for the land, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. <br /> <br /> The purpose of this film became for me something else than what I thought it would be. I arrived thinking that it would be either a fast action movie with demons, or a horror movie with macabre and evil creatures as we could see in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong in the best way possible. The story that seemed to me to be an adaptation of a very old Japanese play, which plays itself, combines adrenaline scenes essentially driven by actions to a brilliant concept, an amazing narration and a style that incites to think rather than sit down cheerfully. Many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogues between two characters that we will never see in a Hollywood movie. It becomes an almost theatrical experience to take your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses immaculate landscapes and camera work comparable to many great samurai films of our time, but with thoughtful thought. and classic plot. With a good acting, good music and breathtaking scenes, this is something not to be missed in my book. <br /> <br /> That said, it must be that it is not for everyone. It's not a thrill-filled horror, it's not bullets that act like a wall It's a horror-style piece that has been filmed. It has a lot to say and takes the time to do it, which goes against the classic one-liners. Like Japanese plays, exchanges between characters can take several minutes to come together for a fast and marvelous fight scene. If you can appreciate such a thing, it's a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slasher movie with a small piece of land and excessive nudity, then you can easily look at something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, for me, this movie is unique and amazing, and keeps you going. and amused. he has a good writing, a good acting and a good direction. It's a decidedly awesome movie.
