I must admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed by some very negative comments that this film seems to cause. I think it's a great horror / science fiction movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. In space, he contracted a strange and unknown illness. He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks at himself in a mirror and before his eyes, his face melts! Escaping the supervision of hospitals, he hides in the woods surrounding a small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop a hunger that continues to grow and can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Hunt a human prey, he begins his reign of terror! It's up to his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find and help him. He has to work alone, because his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), wants it to be ultra silent. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry arrives just as some city dwellers in the area start eating halfway. I do not really understand why this movie receives such negative reviews, what are people waiting for? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the movie is without a doubt the special makeup of Rick Bakers and its effects gores, which are for the most excellent, and the fact that they all have prosthetic effects and no horrible CGI makes them even better. Screenwriter and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them either, we have some beautiful, long, persistent shots of the incredible melting man and they hold on very well, even now. Photography, music and staging are a little boring, but professional enough. The script succeeds in creating some sympathy for the monster, plans to envy him in Ted Nelsons' house, or when he sees his own reflection in water and reacts violently. The end, located in a big factory, is rather dark so do not expect a happy ending. What surprised me. In addition, the script does not really make any difference to the principle, it just melt and kill, his friend trying to stop it, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think the worst part of the film is close to the beginning when the big nurse is idling in a hospital corridor, her cries are also represented in slow motion too, it seems totally ridiculous! You must see it to believe it! I really like this movie and recommend it to horror / science fiction fans of the '70s and' 80s. One of my favorites.
