First of all, those who are looking for a meaningful "results-oriented" cinema that conveys a sort of social message with meaningful performances and captivating dialogue delivered by dedicated, emotional and sincere Thespians, leave now. You're wasting your time and life is short, check out Brangelina Jolie's new movie, cry, get out and buy a hybrid car or throw your diamonds out of the war if it will help you feel better, and leave us alone. Do not let the door hit you when you leave. MAN'S FLEXIBLE FUSION is a regional horror-free B-movie film shot in the Oklahoma deserts by a young cast and a friendly television crew. He takes care of an astronaut exposed to strange radiation effects, wakes up in the hospital as his body liquefies on him as he sits, feeling like an idiot. Alex Rebar, who is recognizable during the first four minutes of the film, plays The Melting Man. But once he starts playing with Rick Baker's extraordinary special effects makeup, it's more like something you could find in a spam box before emptying out any slimy, flowing fat bubbles. <br /> <br /> The film has zero There are some scenes of scientific types riding on an absurd industrial conveyor who conscientiously recite some mandatory lines on the effects of radiation, but the film does not care. It's a monstrous and wonderful show with a decidedly unhealthy sense of humor for those who can endure it - A big laugh breaks out when the founding man stumbles over a girl in the forest and wonders if what We have to do. to make one of his eyes come out. Hilarious. <br /> <br /> The "hero" of the film is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating character actor from the golden television scene of the '70s and' 80s, who was somehow one of the first models of Kevin's prototype. Spacey; slightly crooked, neurotic, and a step ahead of most people in the room even if he looks confused. It appeared right after this film was shot in a weird horror play made for a television anthology called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE), which is considered one of the finest movies ever made in the world. 'Oklahoma. does as well. The arid and cold Midwestern rural landscapes are certainly the same and the creek chosen by an unfortunate fly fisherman for his afternoon of sport seems to be the same as the one Cameron Mitchell fought while stealing extraterrestrial pancakes in SANS. WARNING ... who also had an unhealthy sense of humor, a nice TV cast and some pretty outrageous throats. I certainly feel at least an aesthetic link between the three films, as well as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, which is not surprising given that the director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> Essentially, as others have pointed out it was a 1950s B movie plot updated for the special effects of the 1970s era and boobs inevitable. The film he borrows from most of his ideas is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to the effects of funky radiations that triggered him in a murderous adventure. One of the things I really admire in the film is that no attention is paid to the motivations of the man who melts it: it is unleashed and the drama of the film just wondered if it will fall apart before some characters become victims. his madness. The film's budget is also delicious and every penny spent on the screen is displayed, with the disgusting effects of Rick Baker getting the lion's share of what has been spent in this area. <br /> <br /> A better fun for the less disgusting enjoyed with a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why could not people make more movies like this? <br /> <br /> 8/10
