Many critics were offended by the fact that R.W. Fassbinder described protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film as a man. However, connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films will realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) is one of Fassbinder's "women's films", such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981) . Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men," because, according to Fassbinder, while men generally fulfill their determined roles in society, "women are able to think dialectically ". The dialectic, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis as usual in our black and white world, but a synthesis where the oppositions coincide. Moreover, dialectic means that because of the third case of synthesis, the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is suppressed. Concretely speaking: from a dialectal point of view and representing the fascist state, the clandestine combatants must necessarily use the basic means, as do the governors, and there is thus a chiastic relation between delinquents and victims, so that each offender is also a victim and a victim. each victim is also a delinquent. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract schema, which transcends classical logic, in his play "The City, Garbage and Death" (1975), filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, in a dialectical approach to a controversial subject such as Nazi Germany, the representation of this era in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want our recognition of the world not far from being exhausted by a primitive scheme of light switching, but requires the third instance of synthesis as a control instance of the thesis and the antithesis of its opposing members. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims must be examined because it is simply not true that offenders are the wrong ones and the right victims. In a synthetic way, the bad participate in the good as the good participate in the evil. They are mutually related. In a vision of the world based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil can not even be established, and in an ethic based on this system of insufficient logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (quite illogically) responsible for the acts of their ancestors exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and, therefore, a synthesis in the form of a new evaluation also based on this relationship. From the dialectical point of view of Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lili Marleen, nor Lola, nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the system in place for personal purposes, because they do not use them, they just use them. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of the delinquents, in the same way that the "good" and the "bad" are no longer mere inverse images of each other, as in the two-valued logic, their strategies. are legitimized by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world, which is not at all black and white, much better than a logic in black and white.
