Until the 1990s, there had never been a film based on "Emma" by Jane Austen. Then two came in the same year, 1996. Or, if you count "Clueless" from 1995, which updates Austen's plot for a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from a wealthy family in Regency England. On the financial side, her financial situation is considerably better than that of most Austen's heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she does not need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, saying that Harriet should be targeting the ambitious priest Elton. However, this ploy turns out to be catastrophic, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal makes one wonder why she was so eager to associate her friend with a man she (rightly) sees as an inadequate marriage partner for herself. This is a plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a girl less engaged than she seems and is also fallen in love, causing new complications. <br /> <br /> Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star. In 1996, when she was only a year younger, she was not as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, she is just as convincing as the well-meaning but often misguided heroine of Austen. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for the classic roles - she made a charming hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Lots of Noise" - and I sometimes find myself hoping that Hollywood could have found more appropriate roles for she rather than losing her to turkeys like "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as the center of love for Emma, ​​Mr. Knightley, in large part because he was getting closer to my own conception of the old gentleman and chivalrous character, in some ways more father understanding to Emma than a lover. (His family name is probably meant to indicate his gentlemanly nature - nineteenth-century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate codes of chivalry). Strong tends to downplay the importance of the age difference issue (he's 37, she's 21) and makes Knightley a more passionate lover and a wiser mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would move on) may be closer to Harriet than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> It was the smaller of the two versions, designed for television rather than cinema, sets and costumes seem less sumptuous and there are fewer big names among the actors. However, British television is generally good at using costume dramas, and this version can certainly hold up well with the movie version; both are amusing and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
