Tintin and I recently released an episode of P.O.V. of PBS. series. It is based on a recorded interview of Georges Remi aka Herge, the creator of Tintin, in 1971, in which he describes his various experiences of publishing his popular character, first in a Catholic newspaper, then in his own series of tapes comic. Stunning panoramic views of various pages of comics and surreal images of the dreams of Herge. I met Tintin for the first time in the pages of the Children's Digest of the library of my local elementary school where I read The Secrets of the Unicorn. My mother eventually got a subscription to a CD and I read the entire Red Rackham treasure every month in 1978. I remember seeing Tintin comics in a local bookstore afterwards, but for a reason Anyway, I probably did not get because I was 12 years old. and I thought I was getting too big. I also have Breaking Free, a book written and designed by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after the death of Herge. I have not read it yet. This film also covers the personal life of the artist, as when he had left his first wife after his affair with a colorist at his job (he was married thereafter). Her name is Fanny and she is interviewed here. If you like Tintin and his creator, this film is worth the detour. Update: 9/4/07-I just read Breaking Free. Tintin and the captain are the only regular characters that appear here and they are adapted to Mr. Daniels' anti-capitalist viewpoint with Tintin portrayed as a thug with a flea on his shoulder who nonetheless takes care of the captain with whom he stays. The captain here is just trying to make ends meet with a woman and a girl he loves a lot. Together with other construction workers, they swear to strike after the death of a colleague following an equipment accident. Everything happens in England with cockney accents of the working class intact. This is not the kind of thing that Herge would approve, but an interesting reading nonetheless. Oh yes, the Snowy dog ​​only appears in the upper left corner of the cover (on which Tintin runs above the font!) And on the dedication page.
