Filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German, the second performance of "Anna Christie" by Garbo benefits from the practice and its apparent ease with the German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and natural under the direction of Jacques Feyder than under that of Clarence Brown, and his silent film manners have virtually disappeared, allowing for a complete transition. The strength she has brought to the character remains here, although she has been softened, and Garbo further reveals Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film. Garbo takes advantage of not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole all the scenes in which she was during the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo remains the focus of attention, even though the other three players, especially the father, gave excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's orientation was more assured than Clarence Brown's, and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as Brown's. The film moves with more fluidity than the adaptation in English language and the static character of the first film has been replaced by a flow that maintains the interest of the viewer. Even the cinematography of William Daniels seems improved compared to the filming of the Brown version. He captured the luminescence of Garbo and the atmosphere of the docks in style. Moreover, adapting the scenario to the European audience clearly clarified Anna's profession from the beginning, and the explicitness clarifies for viewers who were not familiar with the play as to what was involved only in the filming of Brown. However, the film was shot before the introduction of the production code, which made the censorship embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Academy Award nomination for "Anna Christie" has always been somewhat mystifying, and I imagined that the nod was given recognition of its relatively smooth transition to sound movies as for its performance. However, some Academy voters may have seen the German version of the film and realized, along with contemporary viewers, that his "Anna Christie" directed by Feyder was definitely worthy of an Oscar.
