After Garbo's introduction of Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder produced a German version of the film in which all actors except Garbo were different. While the US version is even more available in the United States and most US viewers have seen this version, the German version "Anna Christie" is more likely to be viewed in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare the two closely related productions. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would first like to focus on what the two films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same scenes chronologically presented. Here you will also find the story of the young woman who returns to her father's house after years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here you also have the humorous, though somewhat shorter, sequence in the amusement park. However, highlighting Garbo herself, I'm fixing the first difference. She does not seem to cause such curiosity when speaking. The viewer focuses more on acting than on the way she speaks, which probably affected 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in American film and she is also very good here. Yet it seems even more authentic in the German version. It should be noted that Garbo does not focus on how she pronounces words (the effort artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). His German is not very pronounced; yet nobody cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing as in the commentary of my American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> Yet the film stands out with a very important question: the rest of the cast. Here's the question: what representation seems the most captivating, which is the best for sure? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do the job as remarkable as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She's not bad, she's different, sometimes over-activated (in today's perspective), but she's not as authentic in the role of Marie Dressler, who still amuses us and whose moments have stood the test of time. the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that this opinion, though dubious of course, carries some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic to Matt than Charles Bickford, but if it is applied to him, it's not so much the question of performance as that of looks. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", who Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father, really deserves more attention. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a difference day / night. Junkermann depicts a real addict to alcohol, a man full of hope, fear, who exaggerates the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is really beautiful. The beginning of the conversation between Chris and Marthy is memorable, especially thanks to his facial expressions and his flawless performance. Junkermann is the Chris you love, whom you sometimes laugh with, with whom you sympathize, who leaves you a picture of calm alcoholic sailor. Awesome! <br /> <br /> If you've seen the American "Anna Christie" and you're lucky enough to get the German version, I highly recommend this movie because it's a slightly different look at the story , a cool and accurate way to compare, an enrichment of Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a marvel of performance: that of Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
