Carne fragile, just before its great period. Although it is sometimes hesitant to lead and troubled by lengths, the HOTEL NORTH is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relative lightness of touch unusual in this director. All her great virtues are there: cramped interiors broken by complex camera movements, delicious and slippery; a melancholy display of shadow and light; remarkable and nostalgic ensembles of Alexander Trauner, which are so evocative that they assume, as the title suggests, a unique personality of its kind; the softly gloomy music of Maurice Jaubert; an apparently casual conspiracy on romanticism, tragedy and fatalism that casts a noose on his characters; extraordinary performances of some of the greatest players of all time, namely Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, this is the biggest failure of the film and I find myself surprised (as someone who, usually, didactically, minimizes its importance) to admit it, it is his scenario . He has a lot of wit and poetry, but without the poetry and irony that Carne's regular collaborator, Jacques Prevert, brings to their best films, he can not escape a cliché (even if it's a posteriori cliché). Ostensibly located in the boarding school, the film presents its first idea of ​​community with two interdependent stories of condemned love and emotional, metaphysical and current isolation. The scenario of condemned love is the one that works the least well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at doing tragic things, while Aumont's baldness, as brilliant as it may be, can, by its very nature, hide all real romance, felt. Maybe it's just me, but I have a hard time sympathizing with a couple so young, so attractive, who, after only a few months, is so desperate that he has to shoot himself in the back. Their very flying lines are rather embarrassing too. Of course, this case is not supposed to be plausible: it is the symbol of youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France, or perhaps even France itself, desperate , resigned, waiting for death. For the symbols to be really powerful, they must convince at the narrative level, which, in my opinion, is not quite here. <br /> <br /> What saves this plot is its connection to the story of Mr. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we have only learned it gradually, he is a killer who is hiding, he lives of the prostitute embodied by Arletty, having undressed with his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had a set of traits; in hiding he assumed their complete opposite. Living a life devoid of purpose, he is deeply upset by the pact of love and becomes fatalistic, realizing the folly of trying to deceive death. <br /> <br /> In this way, it is accepted that one is less a person than a collection of signs, and that death is an inevitable reality to which the most powerful masculinity must succumb - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - he gives succinctly to hope, an illusion that only reinforces - if not too much of an unbearable irony - his fatal resolution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial if there had not been the truly incredible performance of Louis Jouvet. I had studied his theatrical work at the university, but it was my first taste of his screen skills and he is worthy of the greatest - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a role which is more a conception (it is useless to say, is allegorical too) than a real person. Edmond begins the film as a secondary secondary character, but presents himself as a tragic and powerful hero. Like all these major players, Jouvet's talent lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, what is surprising is Carne's understanding, ten years before her bloom, of the techniques of the great Hollywood melodramas of Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatrical style lacks the fluidity and lucidity of the contemporary German melodramas of Sierck (discover the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style perfectly corresponds to his theme - that of stagnation, paralysis, resignation. <br /> /> The main motive of the film is that of the water - the generic floats and dissolves, the hotel is located at the edge of a watercourse - but instead of the river to the possibility of Renoir, we have a channel, stagnant and artificial, which leads nowhere. The film begins at the end and the scenery never changes, except for a brief interlude to which the two escapees are condemned to return. The characters can only escape through death - their trap is accentuated by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them captive, the windows that face an escape they will never achieve. Therefore, all hope at the end is deeply compromised if it is romantic.
