Perhaps the most popular achievement of senior director Ching Siu Tung is the A Chinese Ghost Story Series 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story starring Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector, forced to spend a night on his "collection trip" in a mysterious castle in which strange old warriors fight and meet him . The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in this castle and is under the domination of a powerful demon, a devil of the woods who collects to heal with the help of his beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and even though ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the devil of the woods thinks and our protagonists must fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is no less magical than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visuals and incredible kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is filled with an atmosphere of lightning and brilliant darkness, which is illuminated by the strong presence of the beautiful and good ghost. The effects are simply breathtaking and would work at their greatest power on the big screen. The camera moves and twists all the time, which adds to the fairytale atmosphere of this movie. There are a lot of wire'fu cascades too, and even if some people think it looks free or stupid in movies, I can not agree and think they're giving the cinema the kind of magic, freedom and creativity that any other tool could not give. . When people steal from these movies, it means that movies are not just about our world, but they generally describe things bigger than life with the power of this larger-than-life art form. <br /> <br /> The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm, but the problem is (yet) that the characters are not superficial and act inexplicably from time to time. Leslie and Joey should have been written with more care and their characters should be even more warm, deep and authentic to give the story greater power and make the film even more remarkable and important. Moreover, the message about his love and power is emphasized a little too much at one point and it should have been left to the viewer's mind to be interpreted and found. Another negative point about the dialogue is that it is too abundant and that people speak for no reason in this film. This is very irritating and unfortunately shows the flaws that many screenwriters tend to have when they write their films. People are just talking and talking, and everything is done to make everything as easy to understand as possible. The film is not too difficult nor as credible as it contains this free item. Think of Japanese director Takeshi Kitano's films; his films have very little dialogue and all the necessary is necessary because he tells his things with other cinema tools and never speaks, or does not talk too much the other characters in his films. That's all the talent that screenwriters should have to write bigger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and is a breathtaking piece of oriental cinema, as well as the song played in The film is very beautiful and, hopefully, was awarded in Hong Kong at the time. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the defects mentioned above, it would probably be an almost perfect masterpiece of the fantastic genre.
