Joan Fontaine here is quite convincing as an amoral beauty unable to feel love for anyone. Her husband (Richard Ney) lost all his money by combining his temerity and his extravagance. They are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospects. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing had happened. He is a charming man, impeccable but very kind. However, Fontaine decides that he has to leave because he has survived his usefulness. So she decides to poison her when she realizes he does not want to get divorced so he can move on. She has meanwhile had a lover (Patric Knowles) that she decided to drop because he was not rich either. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the necessary accessories and more money than even Fountain can figure out how to spend. She targets him and decides he will do well. He is too eager to be eaten by the young beauty. It is certainly not very exciting and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those girls who has eyes only money, and the man who is between her and who is transparent, so that she does not even notice or worry about what he looks, she looks at him and sees what she really wants and goes for that. She poisons her husband and sends it in a very clear and satisfactory way, so that everything goes well. But as always in the movies, and sometimes even in life, unexpected things start to go awry, and the tension rises substantially, so that Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is especially good at the mean and terrified look, and as the net begins to draw closer to her, her growing desperation is palpable and puts us on the edge of our seats. Hysteria and fear succeed cold calculation and cunning. But she finds a culprit for her crime in the person of her rejected lover, who is an innocent victim of his ploy to set it up. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the death of her husband by a poison was unexpectedly revealed. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, playing the role of a resolutely determined Scottish inspector, thinks there may be something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He gets closer to her and some of the scenes that come up are representations inspired by the wildest panic. But will the life of the innocent be saved before its execution? Will Fontaine come out of this one? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to preserve her craze? This film is perfectly directed by Sam Wood. The film is a truly superb suspense thriller that, I guess, qualifies very well for the description of a top quality black film.
