I just watched this beautiful parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I must say it was so awful and so corny that it was excellent. This film incorporated all the antics and scenery scenes that the original had, including the cemetery, the supposedly abandoned house, the basement and the lawn. What I particularly like in this film is the comic use of bread and all the familiar enemies of bread that the bread has a grudge. Come on, we know that toasters, toaster ovens and zippers have baked bread a dozen times and we now have to ask for their help to defeat the revived bread. Aside from acting and cheap voice-overs, this horror short is my favorite parody of The Night of the Living Dead, even better than Night of the Living Dead in 1990. <br /> > <br /> I think what makes this movie worthwhile is how the writers and directors used all the dialogues of the original movie and articulated them around the bread, including how the bread has been revived and to avoid leftovers, as they are particularly dangerous. Another good reason to love this movie is that there is no exception to the fact that bread is diabolical, bagels are evil and even communions are diabolical, as shown by a hilarious scene featuring a presenter and a monotonous priest. I think the actors are particularly humorous and they are visibly attacked by slices of bread (that is to say, the scene of the car). I think the end is well worth staying. <br /> <br /> Even if it is about a short film and that "the night of the day of the dawn of the son of the fiancee of the return of the revenge of the terror of the attack of the evil Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eat, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D "is another great questionable parody. . I highly recommend this film to anyone who is able to make fun of Night of the Living Dead and who still has respect for filmmakers. I would also like to recommend this film to anyone who loves fiction movies and horror parodies. It's just a wonderful little horror movie that's fun to watch and learn.
