The Sea is Watching was an interesting cinematic experience. First of all, the atmosphere was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each frame seemed to be a photograph of something inside, something very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was obvious that we had to examine each image. The physicality of the set itself contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road cut the road in half and the tiny door of the tiny colony followed by the tiny and small chests that served as establishments that constituted what appeared to be the entire city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a small landing on which one can count the number of long grass swaying in the wind. No panoramic view. In fact, it reminded me of the sequence of Moulin Rouge in Montmarte, where the camera was focused on the windmill, which again gave the feeling of living in a small area where everything was happening. <br /> <br /> While the acting was passable, since I really could not discern how the lines were really performed, I felt that the actions were too melodramatic and absurd. Why would Kikuno continue to follow the path she followed when Fusanosuke announced that her impending marriage did not really seem to be true? people had not changed so much, and Kikuno's character was so strong and so resilient that even though they were busy taking care of O-shin's business for nothing, the reaction seemed unnatural, useless and distracting. Another example of a strange comedy is the one where Kikuno's drunk boyfriend arrived and Ryosuke decided to step in and was pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and rose in a threatening way and the fight who followed out between the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. . It's not that I like fighting scenes ?? on the contrary ?? but it seemed a little overheated and still, too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, although it's not a beautiful movie to watch, it offered an interesting insight into the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, this may have fueled our expectations of ill-intentioned women (the comments of the "darling" I will give you an agreement "supported by excessive actions) and made me seriously doubt that 19th century prostitutes have but once inside the house, the inner workings became very interesting, lively and real and provided a scenario that I had never anticipated or imagined in my romantic vision of Japan at the time. 19th century.
