"Umi wa miteita" ("The Sea Looks") was Akira Kurasawa's swan song: her adaptation of the story of her favorite novelist, Shugoro Yamamoto, in a scenario that he intended to shoot was the final mark he had left in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays homage to Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation from word to image. <br /> <br /> Located in the 19th century in Japan, the story explores the lives of women in a Geisha house whose only purpose in life is to earn money by making men happy. The house is run by a distinguished senior couple and the geisha are an enchanting women's group who knows her job and is proud of her career. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family who live in a nearby village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad customers that she manages to support with the stories of her higher caste. Oshin befriends a samurai in danger, falls in love with this gentleman, only to find that he must not marry out of his caste and let his pleasures to Oshin marry his promised fiance. Oshin's heart is easily bruised but Kikuno and the other geishas still support him emotionally and physically / financially. <br /> <br /> A beautiful samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters the life of Oshin and develops his first relationship of trust and dedication with her. Kikuno is in trouble, deciding whether or not to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry him, and fending for himself with a rich but abusive client. As the sea looks on and a typhoon destroys the house and the geisha street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on top of the roof, waiting for the rescue promised by Ryosuke. The way in which the story ends is that of sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea looks and will find protection for true love. <br /> <br /> Kazuo Okuhara's photography is breathtaking: night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors are associated with recurring glimpses of the sea, calm and tormented. . The acting game is a little tense for Edo Art, but the characters are well created and keep the story believable. The only distraction that is certainly NOT something that Kurosawa would have tolerated is the score of insignificant Western music that sounds like a cheap soap opera, except for the isolated moments where real Japanese music on authentic instruments adorns the title. But in the end, Kurosawa's influence is enough to give this film its dreamlike wonders that will always maintain its importance in world cinema. Grady Harp
