Director / Writer Michael Winner's film is a supernatural horror movie, better than expected (though schlock is still effectively supported), which really goes unnoticed. Of course, he could borrow ideas from other horror-themed movies of this period, but still manages to bring his own psychological imprint to the smoke screen material (good vs. evil) and to a unique vision that holds an impressive share of masterpieces of exploitation. All in all, it's a little sketchy, but it's intriguing in inculcating a worrying accusation without the gangsters going after fear. In reality, there is always something to do in its busy setting, but it is rather understated with its shocks oriented to soapy patterns and atmospheric adaptation, to its climax extremely repulsive and macabre with a disastrous revelation. The dressed-up know-how of the winner may seem pedestrian, but it is the overall cast that really holds it ?? while you are trying to spot the faces. There are many too. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that every one of them is engaged, despite the ridiculously rude nature of it all. It's interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (who's really scary!), Beverly D'Angelo (same), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a neat cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger the pieces. Then you have Chris Sarandon, a man of gentle manners, and Cristina Raines, beautifully moving, in mind. Offering effective support, José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script stages many characters, as well as notions, but turns away disjointly trying to make everything penetrate. However, his disorienting look plays in his favor to establish the suspicion and deceit of what is really happening here. Is there a reason for all this and why does he surround the character of Raines? The focus is mainly on this dark angle, as it begins to shed light on her inner activities and the strange / disturbing experiences she experiences when she moves into her new apartment. This is where Winner tries to get out the strange hues, which project icy moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the great and overwhelming orchestral score that never fails to find references and instruments by Richard C. Kratina, the vast field-like photograph.
