I'm not sure why this little movie was banned in the dark, despite some nonsense; The Sentinel is an intelligent and inventive horror movie that gives most of today's ghost stories so much praised more than a money race. Michael Winner has repeatedly acknowledged that he is not the best director of all time, and this is seen on several occasions with this film; but it must be said that the film works despite an uninspired direction and that the fact that Winner has managed to gather a talent just amazing more than compensates. The plot is rich in mystery and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her quest for an apartment. She finds that she can not afford most of the properties she looks at, but thinks her luck changed when she found a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems start soon after she arrives because she does not like her neighbors very much ... and this problem increases when the real estate broker tells her that she only has one neighbor; an old blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of actors is really superb, with Cristina Raines, a stranger at the head of the group, who stages a superb support team. Chris Sarandon is a bit of wood in his role vis-à-vis Raines, but small pieces like John Carradine, Wallach Eli, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name a few, largely compensate the lifeless portrait of Sarandon. Michael Winner does a good job with its central location, as the block of flats provides a scary and macabre decor for the story. The film starts a little slowly, but it's never boring; and Michael Winner's script offers a surprise almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves praise. Like many similar slow-burning horrors, this one is not going for the money shot early - but unlike many, the end is a definitive climax as Winner goes all out to shock the viewer, and if the rumor that he used real human quirks are true; I must say he does a great job! Overall, although this movie may be purely hokum, no matter how you look at it; The Sentinel is one of the best movies of its kind, and it's a strong event for its director.
