This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from imperfect production and jerky and amateurish direction, but it is nevertheless strangely convincing. Unlike shocking horror movies such as The Exorcist, this film immerses the viewer in a slow but relentless immersion in a pool of demons. The horror falls on her with the same dreamlike slowness as on the poor girl who has been involuntarily chosen to be the next sentinel. His task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from bursting into the world. This falls on her at the atonement for her suicide attempt earlier in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is true to the book, which was fascinating, but the way it is edited can make the viewer lose sight of. There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved and never satisfactorily explained, which hurts this film. Too bad. The Sentinel is not a movie at the edge of your seat; it's more an uncomfortable surveillance. Like a bad car wreck, you have to watch even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not so bad, and still has a shock capacity. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was captivating in the role of Alison, the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack on both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good for his caring but ultimately egocentric boyfriend. Eli Wallach and the very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who are struggling to solve the strange puzzle presented to them. Ava Gardner is elegant as a real estate agent unaware of the horrors hidden in her rental property. Skinny John Carradine, with twisted arthritis hands, is an excellent dying sentry to replace. Burgess Meredith plays the devil to charming perfection; he is so kind and yet so mean. Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum are friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach successfully plays against the stuttered television director character. The cursed souls at the end are portrayed by freaks and geeks. The one who thought to do that was a crooked but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that permeates the film bubbles unexpectedly, for example when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a step back after finding his father with his two whores. She relives her first suicide attempt, faces a strangely dysfunctional pair of lesbians and sees a cat cut into a cake. Time and time again, she has returned to reality and fantasy, dreams and nightmares, while lacking the means to cope. In truth, the devil is trying to make her crazy enough to commit suicide before becoming the next sentry. Will he succeed ...? In summary, a horror movie of the 70s before the real shocking unleashed gets up, but behaves slowly but remains incredibly scary, well done but badly turned. (No pun intended) This movie may not work for those with reduced attention ability, but it can still send shivers down the spine and can provide a discrete shock value. It remains a strangely convincing and entertaining immersion in the realm of evil.
