This is one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and refined production, which offers an excellent cast of actors of group, a beautiful cinematography on the spot, a haunting musical score, a theme of intelligent and innovative scenario and an atmosphere of terror and threat. This is reminiscent of classic films like ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which vulnerable young women find themselves victims of supernatural forces in old scary buildings with a macabre past. CRISTINA RAINES is Alison Parker, one of the best models in New York. Its joyous and outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicting and troubled soul. Witness the revelation that, in her past, she attempted suicide twice - once as a teenager, after falling on her degenerate father who went to bed with two women and asked her to snatch a silver crucifix and throw it to the ground. and the second time, after the wife of his lawyer-boyfriend, married and married, committed suicide after learning their affair. Giving to her handsome (played by CHRIS SARANDON, a pretty slender man) that she needs to live alone for about a year, she responds to an ad in the newspaper for a spacious, fully furnished one bedroom apartment in an old Brownstone from Brooklyn Heights. This building currently exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, just off the Brooklyn Heights boardwalk on Remsen Street. Producers have actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, obviously paying residents for their inconvenience. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems very interested in Alison taking the apartment - an interest that can not be explained solely by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when it quickly drops the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison accepts and leaves the building with Miss Logan, notices an elderly man sitting and apparently looking at her from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies him as Halliran's father and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical- "Blind, so what's he looking at?" After moving in, Alison meets some of the residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who uncomfortably welcomes her. Alison's mental health and physical well-being are beginning to deteriorate and she is saddened by headaches and fainting spells. When she tells Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed every night by metal noises and footsteps coming from the apartment just above her, she is amazed at how to learn that no one has lived apart from the blind priest and now herself in this building for the last three years. Invoking courage one night to face her nightmare, she armed herself with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and entered the apartment on the upper floor. She is confronted with the specter of her deceased father, riddled with cancer, and uses the knife on him to defend himself, when he comes looking for her. Police investigate and find no signs of violence in this apartment - no corpse, no blood, nothing. Yet Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street, covered in blood, as it should be. But there is no mark on it. What Alison does not realize before the film's outcome is that his presence in this Brownstone has a purpose. It was placed there for a reason, a reason whose origin goes back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel who was posted at his entrance to protect him from the devil. The Catholic Church clearly prepares and prepares her to assume a very important role: a role that will ensure that her soul, condemned for her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just funny, silly things, have a different program in mind for her. It is a competent and intelligently designed film, which presents in a surprising way the Church and its representatives in a rather nice light.
