Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is also gifted as an obscure horror movie director, as evidenced by "The Sentinel The "Sentinel," based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is a clever and extremely creepy religious cooler that no one in love with occult horror should consider missing. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but for me it's as easily disturbing as these more widely acclaimed films, and probably even more scary. . <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model from New York. Traumatized by the events of her past and not yet wishing to marry her boyfriend lawyer (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment and finds a great, incredibly pleasant, also affordable, in an old mansion in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a group of very strange tenants. And the sinister new neighbors are quickly becoming more annoying for Alice ... This may not be an adequate synopsis of the plot, but I would not like to spoil any of the highlights of this film, so I will not give away another description of the plot. What I am going to say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very scary and effective movie that enjoys excellent distribution as well as an often bizarre and always strange atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers certainly influenced the outcome. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the strange old manor house in Brooklyn is a fantastic setting for this kind of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is dark and terrifying, and the film also includes several moments of shock and real scares. The film contains many sinister and eccentric characters and the cast is superb. The beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, adorable and yet on the verge of losing her head. Chris Sarandon is also a very good lawyer, his buddy and support troupe includes many big names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before becoming truly famous. The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical detective of homicides. I have been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great film from Winner's repertoire, proving that man is not only a master of revenge cinema, but also atmospheric occult horror. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a scary, intelligent and incredibly weird occult cooler that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
