Sigh?? I sincerely wonder why all the famous and supposedly deep film critics have such a grudge against director Michael Winner? He is certainly not the avatar of subtlety, because his films are almost always hard and conflicting, but what? They are incredibly entertaining. His most famous action films, such as the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, for example, are an easy target to conceal, as they glorify the violence and personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner approaches a much more mature cinema. kinds ?? like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel" for example ?? he has no chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" provoked controversy and angered many people when it was published. Michael Winner then launched a cast featuring truly malformed and disabled people to portray creatures trying to cross the gates of hell and earth. This is about the same controversy as Todd's Browning's masterpiece and his horror movie emblem "Freaks" have remained unseen and invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because some modest and easily offended people, who should not watch the movie in the first place, pretend it's an unethical thing? I do not suppose that Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people at the tip of the revolver or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another major reason why critics have not warmly welcomed "The Sentinel" is Jeffrey Konvitz's novel ?? and so the scenario of Michael Winner ?? is enormously derived from other horror stories with contemporary religious themes but much more successful and, thus, according to the ruthless feathers of horror critics, hardly more than pure plagiarism. Certainly, "The Sentinel" borrows many substantial elements from "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it, the cinema of the 70s feeds largely on stolen formulas and imitations of successes. If you neglect the somewhat original concept and, in all fairness, a handful of complicated and totally useless plots, "The Sentinel" remains, to tell the truth, a particularly horrible and often petrifying attraction in the horror of the 70s, with a impressive overall cast and nightmarish images. Are not likely to forget easily. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a beautiful model with unprocessed mental trauma, settles in a beautiful brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael who offered her 'marry. many times already. Alison's physical existence, and in particular her mental state, changes drastically shortly afterwards, and the sinister apartment seems to be the source of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for their cats, although the owner says she and a blind priest are the only tenants. She faints frequently during her work and has a really frightening vision of her bastard father and the night she attempted to commit suicide. It slowly becomes clear that Alison was chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose inside this building, but malignant forces are simultaneously trying to prevent it. It is really unfortunate that the promotional slogans and even a brief summary on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison Brownstone's apartment is the gateway to hell on earth and that she is elected to keep it, because the scenario of the film only grows slowly towards this shocking scene. revelation. For almost 75 minutes (and during tedious and tedious sequences), Michael Winner successfully maintains the impression that Alison's spirit plays tricks on him and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of his fiancee are strictly red herrings. Several horrible scenes are like genius, like Alison's flashback or her first acquaintance with the priest on the floor. The climax, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a showcase of pure and perplexed terror and is undoubtedly one of the most unforgettable and bitter endings I have witnessed. <br /> <br /> The distribution provided by Michael Winner Gather is deeply impressive, especially since "The Sentinel" remains a legitimate horror film and this genre is not the most popular among actors of foreground, but of course, you should also put the list of actors in perspective. With such a cast, many roles in the movie are obviously just cameos. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on the screen for a few minutes. Several others (like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) may add a lot of fame to today's movie, but when it came out, they were still too unknown to attract curious spectators. My personal choice for the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as a mysterious neighbor and to Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. Cristina Raines, who is relatively unknown, does an admirable job of wearing the film and Chris Sarandon supports her perfectly, although he wears a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully entertaining and scary horror movie, and it is definitely a must for true fanatics of the genre.
