This is the first part of a two-part narrative about the conflict between machines and man in the Matrix world. It offers spectacular results by combining observations on man's fear of the unknown and the fact that it is usurped with politics, vast religious and historical images, subverting. expected descriptions of the parties involved and at least a partially credible and therefore terrifying view of our near future. it is not perfect and some plot points and images are both obvious and artificial, but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and cautious story. <br /> <br /> This first part shows the human societies. have developed advanced and capable humanoid-oriented robots for people with low-level, unskilled jobs, labor, construction, etc. The population has become lazy and pejorative towards them. However, a robot rebels and kills its owner, stating in his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die. it is destroyed, but when the destruction of the masses of robots is ordered to protect humanity, many robots rise up in protest, accompanied by many human sympathizers. <br /> <br /> the imagery here is an exploitation, telling racial riots and abuses, square Tiananmen, the holocaust and a too provocative scene of a robot in the guise of a human girl being harassed , to be pounded and then killed while pleading "I am real". it rests on the floor, clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging. It is an obvious and obscene image designed to portray human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression against groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this first part looks a lot like a compressed version of the movie I Robot, but it quickly turns into a recognizable story of the matrix as the contingent of surviving robots is exiled and gather in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization, as the narrator tells us. there, the machines regroup and begin to produce new AI, to manufacture mass technologies and to exchange them with human nations. we see an advertisement for a car that uses hovering circular engines used by ships that the rebels in the movies use and we see sentinel-type robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their commodities and trade are driving up their economies, with negative consequences for other economies, and governments and authorities are imposing a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors resembling Adam and Eve at a United Nations convention to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade, but they are forcibly removed and the scene is prepared for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> The animation is done by Studio 4 ° C, who works on many Animatrix films. It is evocative and visually stimulating. It renders different scenes such as picture montages, CCTV footage and distinctive import scenes and is a perfect representation of the story. the plot may not be an original concept, or a simplistic sheep mentality, intrigue patterns and the use of provocative material to make an impact, but after the tempting mystery offered by the first film and the brief brief information from Morpheus, here is a nice expose of the cataclysmic events that have left the world ravaged and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and vehicle for many observations and commentaries on the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating effects of conflicts and prejudices, themes developed in the films.
