It was the first thing that came to my mind when I watched the end credits of Europa on the screen. Never in my life have I seen a film of such technical genius, the visuals of Europa are so impressive that any film Look in its wake will pale in comparison, forget your Michael Bay, the Hollywood cinematography of Ridley Scott, Europa is more ethereal than anything these two could give in a million years. Now, I would be the first to congratulate Lars von Trier on being a genius following his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but it's stupid, the fact that Europe has been so little noticed by the experts It's a crime against the cinema, while exaggerated garbage such as Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful clean up at the Academy Awards (but what is known?) Europa has been hidden, absent from video stores and (until recently) from British television. canals. <br /> <br /> The visual elements of Europa are not brilliant; it is not a case of style on the substance, but rather a style of dictating style. Like his first film, The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the main character's perspective to draw us into his world and, just like Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europa, we, the public ). to be hypnotized. As we go on track, the voice of the narrator (Max von Sydow) plunges us into a deep sleep until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three directors of photography to deal with the conventions of time and image. There are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background, in black and white, interacts with a person in the foreground, who is in color. von Trier tries to show us how much the object or person of color has priority over the plot, for example, it is not surprising that the first plan of Léopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color, since he is the only character who is the actions have the superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not match the performances of von Trier's later films, but it's just because the pictures are sometimes so distracting that you do not really understand them the first time round. But I want to emphasize the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposing sides, until it appears in the final act of the film. Again, muddy as The Element of Crime, the movie ends with our hero unable to wake up from his nightmare, left in this awful place, with only von Sydow's continuous narrative to seal his fate. Europa is a great movie, and I can not help but think how sad it is that von Trier abandoned this way of filming, since he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors of the time. , Europa, much like the rest of its cinematographic canon. is filled with a multitude of iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and staging is second to none, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But since his unpretentious melodramas have turned out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, then we can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
