The jail is not often mentioned in conversations about the best horror movies of the 80s, and that's a good reason for that, because it's not one of the best ... but, by browsing the classic films of the decade, it's certainly among the best lesser-known / smaller films. The film has a link with the blockbusters; to begin with, this is a first management effort for Renny Harlin; the skilled director behind many action movies, including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly, we have a leading role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen. The film is not exactly original but the plot is interesting. We are focusing on a prison that has been reopened after several years. It was in this jail that a man named Charles Forsyth had been sent to an electric chair after being supervised by the prison governor. Naturally, the spirit of the dead does not rest in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the dead condemned's spirit escapes to avenge itself. <br /> <br /> The film is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but he takes care to create his different characters and The main point of the film is always the horror, the prison drama behind all this is a interesting base. It is also a good job because, apart from the basic principle, the film does not really have a plot and we rely solely on the interaction between the characters to keep the interest of the visitors. The horror presented in the film is sometimes grotesque, but it is never exaggerated. This is perhaps why we rarely remember this film, its release being a decade more. The murders themselves are rather good and imaginative, however, and provide some major highlights. As the film progresses, we begin to dive deeper into the story of the vengeful convict's ghost, and while it's interesting enough, some things about it do not make sense and it slows down a bit. movie. Nevertheless, it all boils down to an exciting climax and, overall, I must say that Prison is a film that deserves to be found.
