Prisons are not really famous for their kind hospitality and "happy atmosphere," with stories of fights, chaos, murder, and of course extreme ties between men! But the prison in this movie is another beast. As you probably know, horror films taking place in cells are nothing new, because they accentuate and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape. two of the biggest themes of horror cinema. With examples such as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the very genre of the exploitation of Women In Prison, another entry in this niche must be something inventive and fun to start to be recognized. Or at least that's what you would have thought. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's a shame that it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in short, is centered on an old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, it is not only fellow prisoners and guards that prisoners must fear, but also a ghost demon spirit of a naughty little donkey with only one thing in mind; Death! And then, do we witness awesome death scenes! I will not spoil you here, but many innovative and enjoyable murders are committed with invisible hands. <br /> <br /> Besides the special effects and the murders, this film also has another objective: it is molded. Headlined, we have Viggo Mortensen (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003), star (and for all those who are inclined to undress, he undresses), whose performance is not only very credible, but also The character Eastwood is both hard to live and friendly (a very delicate mix). Add it to a cast of actors "hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-that-guy" and you have yourself a big series of stars. The characters themselves, however, lack three-dimensionality and appear most often as very stereotyped. We have a black oculist, a very hard prison guard, a human rights activist and many other characters. But in all honesty, this "fault" really helps the film. Instead of developing a boring character in a too long balance, we are thrown more or less directly into the action and once it starts (very early), there is not a single scene that is a charge ?? it's balls to the wall plot. Unlike some REDEMPTION OF SHAWSHANK (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre is sort of a convention itself, and in the good old slasher tradition, PRISON punishes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's an excellent little horror film and that is unfortunately overlooked and not mentioned in the horror world. With excellent distribution, excellent special effects and rather original death scenes, this film is highly recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled into thinking that it will be a cheesy little film either, just because it was made in the United States in the 1980s, it's far from being corny (although the end spoils it) and at the same time, far from being realistic and realistic, he tries to tackle problems such as rape in prison, these are rather subtle). <br /> <br /> I give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror movie with very nice touches.
