2003 was considered the year of the matrix, with the release of two sequels and a video game in relation to the plot of the film. A DVD of 9 animated shorts, most of which were written and produced in Japan and produced as anime, was also published. Japan is one of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these short films are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a precedent of the first movie Matrix. <br /> <br /> The second renaissance is a historical file. He tells how humans created machines in their image. Humans live the high life while machines are grunts, workers of society, second-class citizens. In 2090, a machine, BI-66ER, was tried for murder after killing its owners who wanted to disable it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots are starting around the world. Governments around the world decide to dismantle machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations, forcing them into an economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and reject the demands for peace of the machines, it is therefore the humans who are responsible for the war that enslaves them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch, with an excellent traditional style sets a fascinating world. It shows how badly machines have been mistreated and humanity has sown the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world and the court says a lot in a short time. The short film shares the themes and style of the classic silent film Metropolis, partly the beginning of the underworld. These are the themes of slavery, the mistreatment of the working class and racism. The short film also features religious themes and religious iconography. Primarily, men saw themselves as God and created machines in their image. See themselves as the legitimate masters of machines. The machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and United Nations machines dressed in Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The sets are excellent and combine futurism and historic cities, for example. Washington D.C .. There is a very dark future scene and a surprising violence that is the key to the film. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the animated sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so has good references to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and keep a story going. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is a continuity error in the first Matrix movie, as Morpheus mentions that humans have no record of their story or know who has begun. the war. But it's a good watch.
