I pulled out a VHS box from my vast collection - a lot of invisible ones - and picked a movie based on box art, I thought it would be fun and, yes, bad. The prison had that cheesy look of the 80s all over this box. I sat down and watched, and voila! and here we are, found that sometimes we actually sit in front of a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Fortunately, I reversed mine quickly and I quickly realized that I was sitting not in a good movie but in a rather good movie overall. Prison tells the story of a dilapidated old prison that has been reopened to save on budget problems. This sounds scary because all are empty and full of prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and is without a doubt the most important character in the film. The story using prison as a central framework tells the prologue of a man who was killed via an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - snatching a crucifix before sending the man to his creator. We then proceed today, first with a board of directors at a meeting deciding to open the prison and send a good doctor to make sure the conditions are acceptable, while she vigorously is campaigning against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see the new guard, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and seeing the new job of opening a prison he has not seen in years. The rest follows: prisoners and guards arrive with many stereotypes that abound. We are given a certain depth of character and many of the prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than you would expect, Lane Smith doing as always a neat job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really explore the limits of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is doing well as a senior woman. The best performance is that of Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated actor, in the role of Cresus, a prisoner who was in the same prison a few years ago, when "the man" was executed "with some sort of The prison is not the best choice - sliced ​​bread or anything else, but it's definitely worth watching and certainly better than most people expect. Surprised by the way director Renny Harlin has created such a visually atmospheric story.The film has a tense tension and Harlin knows how to build his scenes.There are some scenes of gore excessively shot - the one with the barbed wire looked a bit like the one with all the pipes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting, the scenario is actually much more coherent than what we usually get with movies like these. This can be attributed in part to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story. You may remember that he had the idea to make Halloween scary during the holidays. It makes incarceration far more frightening than it already is. Give the prison a break (get it).
