What we have here is a compelling low-budget horror piece with a relatively original premise, a cast filled with familiar faces AND one of the most compelling filming locations in the history of horror movies. So ... could anyone tell me why this movie is so underrated ??? "Prison" is the first American film by Finnish director Harlin, which is still one of his best efforts, although he has continued to produce hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story unfolds entirely in a dilapidated Wyoming prison, which has been reopened for overcrowding in other more modern penitentiaries. In the old execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair is still present. Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith), the guardian now promoted, was there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was put to death, and the spirit still remembers its infamous role in the unfair trial. It seems that the hour of vengeance has finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who needs to prevent even bigger body numbers and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "The Prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable Gore sequences, but it's unbearably tense atmosphere that will stick you for sure! Unlike any other horror picture of this decade, "Prison" offers an incredible sense of realism! By that, I am referring, of course, to the authentic landscape and atmosphere inside the walls of the prison, and not to the supernatural murders that are committed ... even if they are really troubling. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and challenging prison drama scenes combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The best moment of absolute terror (which has given me nightmares since I saw it at a young age) is focused on a deadly struggle for death involving barbed wire. Haunted!! The scenario suffers only from a default, but it is a common problem ... almost inevitable, I guess: clichés! The story presents almost every possible stereotype in a prison. We have the naughty and fat pervert with his cute toy, the coward and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? naturally ?? the old black jerk who serves all his life (did I hear someone shout the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not look at me blindly on these clichés, it's my advice, because there are so many other elements to admire. The photograph is dark and wet, the mystery is maintained long and successfully and the supporting roles of the class B actors are excellent (the fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal icon of the horror Kane Hodder). Forget about the crappy attempt by Wes Craven "Shocker" or the totally pathetic cheese movie "the Chair". This is the only prison cooler that deserves to be discovered! Especially considering the popularity of Viggo Mortensen (I heard that he played in a successful franchise bringing together elves, Hobbits and other fairy creatures ...), this real jewel of the horror of the 80s must go out on DVD urgently!
