"The adventures of Barry McKenzie" began his life as a satirical comic in "Private Eye", written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea of ​​Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" for his friends) is a skinny Australian, wearing a hat, who is primarily interested in sex (though he never had one) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he found himself on the big screen for the first of his two releases. Humphries must have been tempted to pretend to be "Bazza", but he wisely left the post to Barry Crocker (to then sing the theme of the televised soap opera "Neighbors"!). Humphries instead played many roles in Peter Sellers' fashion, including Bazza's dominant aunt 'Edna Everage' (before she became queen). <br /> <br /> You know it's not going to be "The importance of Being Ernest" when his NPA censorship rating means "No Poofters Allowed." A Sydney lawyer tells Bazom-hating Bazza that to inherit His father's will to go to England and get a taste of British culture, and in the company of his aunt Edna, he takes a Quantas flight to Hong Kong and then to London. pay the import duties on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of "Fosters Lager Tubes." As he says so well: "In terms of skinning you, the Poms have the advantage over the gyppos! "A clever taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge and then to Scotland.The streets of London are dirty and their hotel is a slum run by a landowner (Spike Milligan) who forces Bazza to put sterling notes in the counter electricity every twenty minutes. There is, however, good news for our hero; he meets other Australians in Earls Court and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What will happen next will be a series of comic escapades that prevent Bazza from playing in his own cigarette advertisement, putting curry in his trousers in the belief that this is a form of an aphrodisiac, a strange encounter with Dennis Price as a high-class pervert who loves to be spanked while wearing a schoolboy's uniform, a Young Conservative dance at Rickmansworth at a rock charity concert where his Song Chundering '(vomiting) almost makes him an international star, and finally to the BBC TV Center where he drops his pants in a talk show hosted by Joan Bakewell, the doll of the thinking man. A fire breaks out and Bazza's friends come to the rescue. They jubilant en masse in cans of Fosters. <br /> <br /> It's far from Bruce Beresford's later works - 'Breaker Morant' and 'Drive Miss Daisy'. Upon his release, he was criticized by critics for his vulgarity. Well, yes, but it's also great. fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his taste for life is undeniable, you can not help but love the guy. His various euphemisms for urinating ('Percy's point to china') and vomiting ('the yawned Technicolor') are passed to the English language without many people knowing where they came from. Other invited stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective chasing Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (who will later perform in "Rock Follies"), and even future arts presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A sequel - The wonderful name 'Barry McKenzie Holds His Own' was released two years later. Humphries took the opportunity to present the critics who had sacked the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> What may have bothered him is the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. This film also featured a skinny and hat-wearing Australian who was struggling reconcile. with a foreign culture. And makes more money in tons. <br /> <br /> The song in the end credits (played by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is beautiful. You have a love in a text that includes the phrase, "If you want to send your sister into a frenzy, present it to Barry McKenzie!" It's time to end this review. I have to go dunny to shake hands with the unemployed ...
