Totally tactical, strange (watch the evil moment of a gorgeous blonde like a doll, who plays the role of doll to shoot for some rich), useless but definitely fascinating feature of late evening. This ungoverned French production is a mix of disconcerting ideas and random illustrations inspired by intrigues centered on its very charismatic stars (although they are a little anti-hero), Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. In reality, they do not do so much, especially during the long confined middle section where they hide in a building during the Christmas holidays to break a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But that's when the relationship between Delon and Bronson's characters becomes strange. After a manipulative battle of wills (and sneakily childish games), the two understand each other and see each other's involvement respected and respected. This would continue to play an additional role in the meandering second half of the story with this undetectable curved ball. Yet, their meetings suggest early on that there is more, but what we get is vague and this is magnified by the fact that "what's going on there? ending that could blow you up. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH! Happy to get that out of the system. <br /> <br /> Stimulation is terribly slow, but placidly measured, which seems to be purposely done to exhaust with its stress stressing nervous. Watch as the same process repeats over and over again, and you know that something is wrong, and that the plot ends up playing. Now, everything that happens seems too spontaneous, but the end result is haunted. The complex and tense text is probably a bit too smart for its own good, but there are some neat new things (coins, glass and liquids - try not to flip) and visual symbolisms. The management of Jean Herman is efficient, sophisticated and discreet, but gives off a bit artificial and infuses a cold atmosphere unwelcoming. The FX sound is more of a powerful note than François DeRoubaix's brilliant score, which is mainly kept under wrapping after its hot opening. Delon (who has enough steel) and Bronson (a jovial turn) are strong and work a lot. Bernard Fresson emphasizes the attitude of the inspector who knows that there is more than what happens. Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot are attractive actors. <br /> <br /> A mysterious police drama, without direction, but refined, maintained by its two main characters and strange inclusions.
