Short Synopsis <br /> <br /> This film begins with the release of the soldiers from the company of men. One of them pursues the other with a strange pattern that the other refuses several times. Later, they are both trapped in an office building in which they wish to drill a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful jokes and then a desperate struggle for survival (during jokes, they lose all drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With torsos apparent, well built and well oiled, they dig a hole in a wall and finally manage to escape ?? only to discover that they have been betrayed and put up by women. One is caught, the other is free and is not given by his companion. A last meeting, a last light for a cigarette, goodbye friend, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> I had a hard time not seeing homosexuals in the closet in the two main characters, played by superstars of the classic man Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are visibly attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abominable and marked by contempt. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic current, a little to the Deliverance. It is also very elegant. The safe that both men want to crack is in a ?? for the time being ?? ultra modern tower in glass and aluminum. This is the headquarters of an advertising company, so there are many posters and fancy wall coverings around. The wardrobe is also very good. The very elegant Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern car and the most elegant of all time) occupies an important place in this film? maybe a subtle type of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie only for the actor's performances. Delon and Bronson really share the best results, in a way that seemed very fair and sporty. Both do a lot of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson as well as here, he really acts - and has always spoken French, with a heavy accent, buy very well. And it is certainly the man we hear. (The French version is therefore strongly recommended). The police inspector who pursues both is played by one of my favorite actors of the French characters, Bernard Fresson, Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He is the best intelligent police inspector I know. Brigitte Fossey, a former child actress, is also very good as a young ingenue who, in the end, is not as innocent as she seems at first sight. <br /> <br /> Anyone waiting for the "old in-an-out" "This film may be disappointing for classic movie lovers, but for those who have a little patience, it will be an experience rewarding, full of original and original ideas and director quirks, although it's a bit too brutal and sadistic for its own good.
