If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's wonderful books about Modesty Blaise from the sixties, you'll really like this movie. If you've ever seen the movie "Modesty Blaise" from 1966, forget it! It was the camp. This is the true Blaise modesty. The story and character are faithful to the modesty that book fans know and love. This is far from the parody of Joe Losey in 1966, and it takes our modesty very seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and credible in the game, and yes, we see it well. laughing <br /> <br /> This is probably the first film in a series and thus serves to present Modesty, his childhood and his days with Lob. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O 'Donnell was the film's creative advisor, everything sounds really real. Even the story that O'Donnell told about how he designed the character is exactly as he told it. After reading all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more for that. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has kept his option on the property by asking Quentin Tarrentino to make this movie, I hope to see more of Modesty's stories as soon as possible. Especially since the wonderful character of Willie Garvin gives life to the character of Modesty. To that end, I really hope that the film will succeed in Europe. I do not know if Miramax intends to distribute the DVD in the United States. I think that might not be happening in the United States in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute his films. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty was in her early twenties and worked for Louche casino in Tangier. The flashback sequences are cleverly done and take Modesty from around age 9, going through her teenage years until her current age in the movie - about 21-22 years old, I suppose. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us, fans of modesty, she is already far too powerful in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very thin, graceful and posed. She has a lot of big plans. She has a beautiful face - the one you have in mind well after the end of the film. According to Romero, O'Donnell's illustrator, Modesty has a more complete silhouette than Staden's, but I'm ready to ignore it. If Staden continues in the role, I think she'll get there - just as Modesty becomes more powerful and clever as she grows up. Staden already conveys the humor and absolute assurance of Modesty very well. Rent this movie, it's nothing like what you saw, and even though it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touches, great camera movement, lighting, and action sequences. .
