This is the first silent film of Jean Renoir that I watched, and perhaps rightly so, because it is generally considered his best, besides his first major work. Overall, this is a very confident and technically accomplished film that contradicts the fact that it was only Renoir's second effort. For the director's fans, it contains many interesting allusions to Renoir's upcoming films, in particular THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in their description of a much coveted lower-class femme fatale by various aristocrats who dishonor themselves for her - but also THE RULES OF THE GAME (1939) - showing as he does in a sequence the behavior of the rowdy servants when the back of their master is denied them - and FRANCCH CANCAN (1955) - one see Nana trying her luck at the scandalous dance at some point. Personally, I would say that the film is a respectable companion for Pabst's GW PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg's THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955), in their living reconstruction of the sordid life of a courtan. <br /> <br /> Having said all this, At the time of its release, the film was a resounding and critical failure at the time of its release - a "crazy enterprise", as Renoir later mentioned in his memoirs, who not only cost him a fortune (he ended up lightening the financial burden that resulted from it, some of his father's paintings), but almost made him give up the cinema forever! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from Renoir's sound work and owes a special debt to Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), a film Renoir admired so much - and, on a personal note, a film I should really review presto Kino DVD and the others von Stroheims for 4 years now). Anyway, NANA is certainly not without flaws: a voluntary pace is felt during the 130 minutes of race time, which were too generous. Some sequences (the mid-race horse race in particular) lasted too long. <br /> <br /> The excessively exposed style of play is also difficult to take at times, particularly that of Catherine Hessling's Nana and Georges Hugon of Raymond Guérin-Catelain (one of his various contenders) ... although , technically, they are their characters, that is to say a bad actress (who takes the life style of courtesan when she is booed from the scene) and a weak immature, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time, by the way) is just not attractive enough to be very convincing as a "symbol of elegance" (like the describes another admirer at one point). able to enslave every man she meets. The other notables of the cast are "Dr. Caligari "himself, Werner Krauss (as the most fervent devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (a skeptical but ultimately tragic departure from Nana) and future distinguished director Claude Autant-Lara (presented as Claude Moore director here) as a close friend of Muffat but who is secretly in love with the neglected woman of Muffat! <br /> <br /> The print I watched - via "Lionsgate's Jean Renoir 3-CD collector's edition" - is, for the most part, a beautifully restored and beautifully colored copy that was not previously available only on French DVD. Based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), he can not help being shown on the screen several times and the two most remarkable versions of the film are those of Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill). I own on VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, whom I do not know well).
