I loved this film. I totally disagree with some (negative) reviews that I have read over the years. It was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seems to have had a good time with his role as Chandler Jarrell and he should never worry about what the critics say, if he was having fun doing it ?? and most of the spectators enjoyed it! And, it was fun to watch that combine a great whimsical tension with Mr. Murphy's super comic style. Keep in mind that 'Golden Child' is a 'fantastic' movie ?? just an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the middle of the "real world". At the time of the release of this movie, I was working in a video rental store. This was one of the most popular with all our customers. Each time, we display it on our monitor. ALL the copies we received were sent quickly with waiting list requests that kept it waiting for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was the resident movie critic and all my usual guests were asking me my opinion before renting. it was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my customers, so I highly recommended this to most of them. I really feel like this movie is a sleeper ?? it may not have been too successful at the box office ?? because of a very poor marketing? but it has peaked in the rental market and the purchase of videos later! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I loved the little boy who played the "Golden Child" ?? J. L. Reate - but after reviewing his profile in IMDb, I noticed he was no longer filming. It's sad, because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could have continued his film career. I also loved Victor Wong, who played the old man (I loved him in his role under the title "Egg Shen" in "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). In any case, it was an excellent film. The only drawbacks that did not seem to fit the theme were some of the parts that became a little more "grown-up" in nature ?? like Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the snake lady who was presented to her as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was still out of sync. OK, so there were some suggestive free scenes ?? these were put in the spirit of the day perhaps. It was still an adventurous and evocative film that we need today to escape the harsh reality and depressing hairs that hit us in Hollywood. Now it's entertainment!
