I always feel strange and guilty of saying it (because I am a fairly well educated non-teenager), but in fact I look a little like the Olsen twins and I respect the films they make, even though I do not never really been their target audience. "When in Rome" was a traditional film of Mary-Kate and Ashley, complete with overseas travel, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a "B" scenario, fashion orientation and even the gag in the credits. I appreciated. "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twins never pretend to be what they are not; most of the time, they just go on video, and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "A business to remember". People who watch this film and expect it to be different from another Olsen twin will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> That said, fans of Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of us who watch them from the first episodes of "Full House", it's really great to see them evolve into more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, as do many of their films (remember Downing Street's "Winning London" and visiting the Louvre's "Passport to Paris"?), As well as being appreciated by any the family. <br /> <br /> As long as I feel like I'm on my stand, and as long as I can make it relevant to the film, let me take a moment to challenge those people. who reject the Olsen twins: to be a fan of the Olsen twins, there is no need to be a pre-teen California "valley girl". In fact, it's not really the target audience. If that were so, the MK & A line of clothing and fashion accessories would be managed by Gap or a store of this kind, not by Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", although it includes "haute couture" and the globe-trotter and two girls from a Cali Valley, is not really ABOUT ... it's more about inspiring young people girls who have the initiative to let them take places. If that means placing the film in a glamorous foreign city with cute guys on a motorcycle, so be it. It's called marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it attractive. At least they send a good message, even if the means seem a little superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not hit the movie until you've seen it, then do not hit it until you've tried to understand what Olsen twins are doing: they encourage girls to be creative, intuitive and motivated young women. I think this film is like the others. Children - enjoy it. Parents - do the same thing. If you like Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
