I thought it was a beautiful showcase for Mandy's generous body. If you do not expect anything else, such as smart twists and credible character development, you will not be disappointed. Think of it as a Sports Illustrated shooting where the character kills people, especially those who threaten to separate from her and her "mum" (Suzanna Arquette, who obviously does not want to play the sex kitten) - she leaves that to her daughter) . Mandy's face is a little too perfect, but her body is a full 5-burglar fire, up there in the ranks of Sophia Loren in natural busty, a perfect 7-10. waist / hips ratio, and superbly configured legs, right down to the feet. (There must be an ideal configuration of thighs knee calf ankle that is quite pleasing to the eye, Mandy is certainly the model for this idealized report). <br /> <br /> And no flat buttocks to boot, which seems to be the loss of many busty girls with curves everywhere except in the "lower hemispheres". Mandy might have used a double body in the back of her towel loss as she walked down the candlelit hot tub with her blindfolded German No. 2 victim, but from all I know could see from her bikini shots, the panties for her and did not need a duplicate to prove it. <br /> <br /> Mandy's acting abilities had little to do with her impression of a psychotic "Mommy's Girl", with an obvious erotic lesbian connotation. Her bisexual nature (allowing herself to be fucked in the hot tub after a long flirtation with the German Guy No. 2, who happened to be also in love with her mother) added an extra dimension to a caricature by the way one-dimensional adolescent femininity conflict with pathological killer impulses (always through water with men - the ultimate destiny of the Latina housekeeper was published in the TV version for an obscure reason). <br /> <br /> Mandy's Uber-Nordic facial features, paired with his Uber face- A voluptuous body could be a blessing or a curse. If Mandy really wants to pursue her acting career, I would advise her to fully immerse herself in the Romance languages, especially Italian and Spanish - and maybe French, although I do not know if they would choose her kind. But that would allow her to reconcile her face to Bo Derek with her body of Vida Guerra - but her face may be a bit too Nordic and she has too much emphasized her amazing body in a lame film to allow her to advance Michelle Johnson of the 1980s enjoyed more fame, whose early celebrity Blame it of Blame it on Rio was followed by a series of thorny films that failed. <br /> <br /> Vambo Drule.
