This well-designed and carefully researched documentary describes the appalling case of the inhabitants of Chagos, who, between 1969 and 1971, were forcibly expelled en masse from their home country by the connivance of the British and American governments. Anglo-American decision-makers decided to do so because they believed that the islands would be strategic bases for control of the Indian Ocean by the projection of air and naval powers. At a time of the cold war, when most newly independent post-colonial states were moving away from Western orbit, it would seem that British and US officials instead felt that allowing islanders to decide leaving their islands was not a viable option. Instead, they chose to proceed with the mass forced removal of the indigenous population. The film shows that no provision was made for the islanders at the time of their expulsion and that from the wharf in Mauritius where they were left, the displaced Chagossian community fell into three decades of deprivation and in this new situation , beset by homesickness, they suffered a considerably accelerated mortality rate. <br /> <br /> After the passage of more than three decades, however, in recent months (and years), following the publication of many extremely damning journals from the Public Record Office of Great Britain ( it is suspected that there was an error, and these papers should never have been made public), the subsequent judicial remedies of the Chagossian community in exile have seen the British courts consistently pronounce in favor of the inhabitants of the island and against the British state. As such, the film's astonishing and unsettling conclusions can not reasonably be regarded as proven. Nevertheless, the governments of Great Britain and the United States have not so far pledged to restore the islands to what the courts have definitively concluded as its legitimate inhabitants. It's a very interesting film to watch, but it's an important film for the British and the Americans. To be silent in the face of these facts is to become an accomplice to an utterly ugly crime.
