Fighting the death penalty is a just cause. All those who are sane in Europe would think so. In the United States, everything is different. The film seems to show at first that justice can be won against the bigoted racist regime that claims American justice. A young man is released from death row thanks to a law professor who took over the defense advisory service for this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the United States is entirely governed by the purpose of revenge. Judicial errors are the same governed by revenge. In the local public prosecutor's office, a young man is prosecuted for false accusations. The officer of this prosecutor abandons the prosecution after a while and the young man goes free. But he loses his purse and is castrated by avengers for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears revenge. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal, but even stronger because they are mental rather than hormonal, and he can do it only with little girls. Apparently, he is teaming up with another serial killer who pursues the same kind of prey. One day, the local cops follow their intuition, guided by vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a girl, and arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with handguns, phone books, rifles and Russian roulette. He admits. Sent to death row, he asks his grandmother to pick up the Massachusetts law professor, who is the husband of the representative of the local public prosecutor who falsely prosecuted him a few years ago . Revenge is on the rails. This will fail, but it shows that as soon as justice, police work and other security forces leave the absolute legality, an unjust act is committed that can ruin even the best case of accusation and feed the worst thirst imaginable the deeper for revenge. Accusing someone about circumstantial circumstances is as serious as leaving circumstantial evidence to ruin the work of the police or justice. The best intentions on the part of the police are ruined by personal involvement and intent to revenge, just as a person's life may be endangered by circumstantial inflated to the size of the evidence, which in turn will endanger the entire business just circumstantially, so easily disposable, with a good lawyer. The film is then a deep reflection on the need to respect the norms and regulations throughout the police and justice if we do not want to make mistakes, which in turn obviously does not justify the death penalty because it is in any case against the deepest conviction that Americans are supposed to have: "We take these truths for granted, that all men are created equal, that their Creator has certain inalienable rights, among which include life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. " (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that has been given to man by his Creator, which means that only the one who gave it can take it away. Only God can take away a person's life. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we can justify the death penalty only by an act of revenge. The film shows here that revenge is the worst motivator for justice and public peace. If revenge is dismissed, there is no other justification for this death sentence. And there can always be an error in this quest, not happiness, but revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris 1 Panthéon Sorbonne University, Paris 8 Saint Denis University, Paris 12 Créteil University, CEGID
