A Fascinating Thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787, USA <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> With: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <br /> Paul Armstrong, a Harvard law professor, liberal though generous, is summoned before the Flordia Everglades by the unjustly convicted blackman, Bobby Earl. Confessing that sadistic and intrepid policemen have despised him. broke out to get a confession of a gruesome murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he deepens the mysterious case more and more, he realizes that Bobby Earl is being discriminated against. The detective of the black police, Lieutenant Tanny Brown, of the small community, is corrupt and nasty. When the infamous psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced. He discovers he knows the location of the murder weapon that killed the little girl. When Armstrong discovers that there are lucid coincidences about Sullivan's trip to the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets a new trial. He is free from prison and escapes his horrible punishment. Everything seems fine until an unexpected call from serial killer Sullivan comes into play. Armstrong discovers a double murder that happens to be Sullivan's parents.What he hates immensely.Sullivan discloses to Armstrong the truth about the murderous murder of Joanie Shriver and why It turns out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic murderer and he has really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He simply made a deal with the evil psychopath Sullivan. To free himself so he can kill again for revenge. On the beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong.Now, Sullivan is executed until his death. Armstrong and the brave guy Brown, chasing down the evil villain in the Everglades, try to thwart him. When they arrive, Armstrong learns that psychotic Bobby Earl is planning to kill his wife and daughter in a previous rape trial that has inevitably endured. castration.But good and virtuous Brown cop emerges and foils the brutal villain.Is stabbed and eaten by merciless and devouring men alligators.Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. Provides both mystery and subterfuge.How reluctant blacks are troubled by racist lawmen.Sentenced to unjust punishments.Even though sometimes the innocent innocent innocent wrongly convicted may actually be the naughty villain. Sean Connery is awesome as unconscious, holier than his hero. Laurence Fishburne is surprisingly amazing as a mean, arrogant, but good policeman. Underwood and Harris are above and invigorating as psychos. malicious. Capeshaw is fine. Ruby Dee is great as a tenacious grandmother. The rest of the cast is also wonderful.
