This is the fifth film in Trier that I saw. I believe he is the only director to whom I have awarded such a high score in all his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europa, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave a 10, and one, The Idiots, I gave a 9 (and I thought about opportunity to give it 10 since the first time I saw it, although I would like to see it before me). He has been criticized for qualifying as one of the best directors. I tend to agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great movies. In 50 years, when von Trier will retire, he will be considered the most eminent filmmaker in Europe (perhaps the planet) and courses will be taught on his behalf. He is simply the Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is unfortunate that critics are too intrigued to notice. <br /> <br /> About Europa, I'll admit that it was confusing and that her story did not look strong. I think that's the point. This movie was obviously intended to represent a nightmare, or the subconscious at a certain level. This is clear from the movie frame: the story of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious. I am inclined to lean more towards his spirit, because the degradation of Europe concerns me, an American, very little. This frame is also clear if you have seen The Element of Crime, a film even more brilliant than this one (although I dispute it in my mind, what is needed above all in Europa, it is a DVD release , hopefully again, with Theatrical's proportions and sound and remastered images, so, I'm pretty sure, this movie would look as good as any of von Trier's other films). In The Element of Crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, which we actually see on screen this time, hypnotize Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the bottom of his mental anguish. The first words of this movie are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on track." And every time Fisher, the narrator, goes astray, the hypnotist chastises him and tells him to come back to the story. He laughs even when a character is given a line really stupid and banal. Something like "Do you understand the difference between good and bad?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, she did not really say it, did she?" <br /> <br /> The key to interpreting Europa, which is almost a sequel to The Element of Crime, is that we are deeply in the subconscious of our von Trier, and that the symbols must be interpreted in us and will probably be different for everyone.What does the train symbolize itself? - internally and then discuss externally Europa is a great film, a masterpiece I never got bored, even though I watched it at 3 am The perfect time to watch, done, since it works in the dream logic.
