Scenario: Max von Sydow's voice over narration hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) as early as 1945, when our protagonist, the young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), arrived in the post-World War II era. 1945 in Germany to help rebuild the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold with a job in the large Zentropa train company, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg), owner of Zentropa. Leopold is soon caught in a network of corruption, exploited, loses his ideology and is forced to choose between a pest or an anger. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, bewitching, manipulative, blackish, haunted, handsome, and ugly. These are immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to my mind when I think of Lars von Trier's masterpiece EUROPA in 1991; last chapter of the trilogy Europa. In the United States, it was renamed ZENTROPA so that the public does not confuse it with EUROPA EUROPA from Agnieszka Holland from 1990 (also a drama of the Second World War). The Europa trilogy also includes FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experiment that only sold 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes in this trilogy are not as essential as the visual elements. In EUROPA's opening plan, we see a locomotive moving towards us as our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "On the mental account of ten, you will be in Europe, be there at ten. ". A metaphor for the ability of movies to transport us into a subconscious reality-dream. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a strange but extremely effective visual style: the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier. It's a black-and-white film that intertwines from time to time with blood-red, a red dress, and so on. According to rumors, this would have inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect presented in SHINDLER'S LIST from 1993 (another drama of the Second World War as well). In addition, Trier uses "Dutch angels" and reinvents the background projection by adding co-operating layers separately, but unlike the old Hollywood films that incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier used it for artistic reasons. These strangely executed, carefully executed visual techniques emphasize that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; the EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for weighing advanced technique (multilayer background projection, for example) over plot and characters, but critics have criticized the visual masterpiece by Stanley Kubrick, 1968: THE ODYSSEY OF SPACE - it now occupies an obligatory place in all history books of cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical inaccuracy. Apparently, Trier attributes Nazi werewolves too much historical significance to the terrorist group. According to various online sources, this is true (a fascinating subject - try Googl'ing yourself!), But the goals of Trier are neither pedagogical nor representative of history. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe that the public encounters is a distorted reality. It also shows how much our memory deceives us: a 100% reconstruction is a lie! Although the young audience who experiences EUROPA is too young to have memories of the Second World War, we have a collective memory from various BBC documentaries. These small inaccuracies have a purpose: they inform us that we are not in the post-Second World War. Germany 1945, but in the memory of Leopold. <br /> <br /> The three chapters of the Europa trilogy describe young ideologues with noble intentions, forced to corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologues are forever caught in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after Europa's 1990 filming in Poland, Lars von Trier and his co-author Niels Vørsel were very interested in the Second World War. This shows. It contains very beautiful shots capturing the atmosphere of the moment. A good example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last EUROPA act. As in 2001: ODYSSEED SPACE I think that Europa will rightfully take its place in the history of cinema. His method of distorting the old clichés and visual techniques of film noir is so unique, strange and completely different from anything you see in Hollywood today, or any other dream factory of its kind. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an essential film in the catalog of Lars von Trier. Some consider it pure commercial speculation, but it would be catastrophic. It is equal to other classic and semi-classical Trier such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, the television series RIGET from 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. It is a unique experience before Trier takes care of its actors and before the Manifesto of Dogma95. Look at this! "On behalf of ten ..." 9/10
