I was barely aware of the time of the story described in this Brazilian black comedy of 1971, but that does not mean that it was not accessible to me because the film says it very clearly. It takes place in the 16th century in Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese settlers exploit indigenous peoples as Confederate elements in their struggle to assert their dominance. What is particularly interesting in the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a friendly Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese directors of the film are objective because, in the end, we see that it makes no difference to know which side we take. It is a heredity controlled by the environment at a time defined by the tribes. Enemies are made and perpetuated, and environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman captured by the Portuguese is then captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambas, after the massacre of a group of Portuguese. The shaman of the tribe predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to cannibalize to avenge the brother of the chief killed by a musket balloon of Portugeuse. Thinking that the French is Portuguese, they think they have one. Nevertheless, the Frenchman is allowed to follow the village without constraint, is sooner or later given to a woman and takes on her usual appearance rather than her Western clothes, or any clothes. Another Frenchman arrives in the village and tells the tribe that his prisoner is a Portuguese, then assures the furious Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when this Frenchman finds a treasure hidden by another European. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene fun, because its narrative with contradictions on the screen is an excellent satire, although the film does not seem to want to maintain this tone much more often. It's not really a captivating film. The generous and essential place, the fierce way of life and the mature native women not only make French, but we also forget any threat and we feel that he is a free man. It should not be so difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as rare in desire as the frontal nudity of distribution, suggested instead of the core representative of Pereira dos Santos' dry political caricature of New World mythology and undeveloped social coherence. Be that as it may, this social commentary of the 1500s, shot in a bay of 365 islands, played almost entirely naked and almost entirely written in tupi, encourages the collapse of established practices that are topical because they are repeated for centuries.
