After a love triangle story at Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial film. The film would have been considered a success if there had been no controversy over Bharat Shah's production values. The directors 'duo Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique job compared to their previous and subsequent directors' projects. They are considered Bollywood thriller makers. But in this CCCC, they proved that they could also make a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single action scene where Preity was raped by Salman's colleague in her apartment. Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film contains almost all standards and ingredients such as song, story, casting, performances, etc. which are needed to make a movie hit. But of course, for Salman fans, it was a surprise gift from him. Why? Because for so long, he has been playing roles where he has a scene to show his open body and dance all around. His role as a wealthy young businessman, with irreproachable nature and normal attitude is really impressive. After all Madhubala, a prostitute role played by Preity is amazing. Later, when she also thinks about her life, she deserves appropriate attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more appealing, and the focus is mostly on her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman at Kya Kehna was not as moving as it is here. Of course, this can be called improvement. Then Priya, Raj's very innocent and helpless wife, depends only on him for a better result. It has no decisive influence in history, because the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is a rare thing and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not totally impossible to get to such a stage of looking for a surrogate mother. Perhaps many are happening in this vast world where they are kept secret. And so, the CCCC scriptwriter has discovered a hidden truth that unfolds in the daily lives of other people. But then again it's a doubt.
