CCCC is Bollywood's first good film in 2001. When I first saw the trailer for the film, I thought it would be a beautiful family film. I was right. Salman Khan gave the strongest performance in his history. My family did not like it, but after watching this movie, she is very impressed by her family. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film is going to be a huge success because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> This is a meeting between Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they come back, Raj and Priya discover that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when she discovers in particular the dada of Raj (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can not have children anymore. Raj and Priya keep this silence of the family. Raj and Priya decide to opt for surrogacy. The substitution for them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that this girl will have a baby together then give it to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and prostitute. Raj tells him the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes completely Madhubala. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do it so that nobody will discover it. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants it. What happens next? Look at CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> What I did not like in the film is their conception of surrogacy. They should have done it right in the movie but it did not spoil the movie. It was always excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs in the movie are excellent. My favorite songs are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dekhne Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi" The song "Mehndi" is very colorful In this song, the ghod bharai takes place and is very colorful movie deserves 10/10!
