The prolific and influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese examines a selection of his favorite American films grouped into three different types of directors: the director as illusionist: DW Griffith or FW Murnau, who created new editing techniques, among other modifications that have advanced the appearance of sound and color; the director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and especially Vincente Minnelli, directors who concealed rebellious messages in their films; and the director as an iconoclast: filmmakers who tackle civil observations and social complexes such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> He shows us how The old Hollywood studio system was, although oppressive, the way filmmakers progressed in the medium because of their political and financial limitations. In his excerpts of films he shows us, we discover not only films we have never seen before that pique our interest, but we are also made to see what he sees. He evaluates his stylistic sensibility with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie cannon has been known for snobbery, which is why some moviegoers and critics favor the creation of "lists". However, canon is only pointing to "the best" and proponents of the film argue that it is a useful activity to identify and experiment with a selective compilation of "best" movies, much like a hit tape, if not is a beginning for film students. Overall, our experience has shown that any writing on a film, including critics, is used to build a movie canon. Some movie cannons can certainly be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the list of the top 250 films in the Internet Movie Database includes many films included in several "elitist" movie cannons, but also has recent successes in Hollywood, to which many "elitists" mock, like The Dark Knight, who is currently in the top 10 among the top two godfather films, Schindler's List and A Flight Over Cuckoo's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese writer taxi driver Paul Schrader has outright described his canon as "elitist" and claims it is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never heard about his social and political ideologies. see this intense and certainly obsessive lesson in history about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological fields, we see that there is really no particular virtue in elitism or populism. Elitism focuses all attention, recognition and therefore power on those who are considered exceptional. This discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence in the vein of Jean-Luc Godard's condescending work or the over-rationalization of the production practices of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. Yet populism invokes the belief that freedom of representation is only the affirmation of the will of the people. As has already been stated about general misconceptions about film, populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema. We can only continue to see films because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese has spent nearly four hours trying to tell us, something that can not be said without being seen first-hand.
