When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his Century of the Cinema series, he seized the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is a fascinating, far-reaching film and, as the title says, very personal about Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> The story of Scorcese is mainly about Hollywood directors ?? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators are barely mentioned. He says from the outset that for him, the main conflict in the film industry is that between the vision of the director and the profit-seeking by the distributor, between art and commercial viability. He even debuts with a video of The Bad and the Beautiful by Vincente Minnelli, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorcese examines how genres have darkened and clichés have become questionable, how non-conformists have challenged the code of production and how some filmmakers have fallen out of favor when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls into the trap of the author to send back directors who always like the bosses of the studio (he rents Cecil B. De Mille), or those who have a less recognizable style but who are nevertheless master craftsmen the cinema. /> <br /> Scorcese is not necessarily interested in his favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are mentioned only in passing). Instead, he looks at the individuals and films that are used to tell his story. For example, he shows us a succession of films by John Ford to show how the western has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most frequently cited director of the documentary) to show how a so-called healthy genre like the musical could also have darker currents. I imagine that if this mission had not been limited to America, Scorcese would also have liked to speak, for example of his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As it stands, he is expanding the definition of American films to Hollywood films by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American-born filmmakers that has been produced elsewhere. ? like that of Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Rather than simply telling the story of Hollywood in a chronological way, Scorcese compares films from different eras to deal with various topics. In his section on the language and tools of cinema, he begins with DW Griffith, looks at the appearance of sound, color and the big screen and inevitably ends up switching to computer-generated effects that, although Scorcese He is not passionate, he is even - enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, it does not simply end the chapter here as if it were the end. Instead, it returns to the 1940s, to show how a low-budget horror like The Cat People can achieve effective results with the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American movies must be one of the best film documentaries made. There were a number of outstanding filmmakers and images that I would never have discovered otherwise, and even the most seasoned film buffs would probably find something new in his vast field. Scorcese has also restored the balance between forgotten and undervalued images. I was happy to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Iconoclasts", he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most underrated films. Scorcese's respect for the media is visible in the way he allows clips to play in full, rather than just giving us small pieces, and he interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archives and new interviews). ) only when necessary. There is a bit of bias for the 40s and 50s, but that's hardly surprising since this is the time when Scorcese grew up and discovered the cinema. And after all, I do not think this documentary could have been realized if it had not been a personal trip. <br /> <br /> A warning though. This documentary contains detailed information about certain images. a lot of spoilers.
