The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it demonstrates that the job interview and the traditional resume do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, dedication to work and performance at work. And they certainly do not reveal a hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of potential may be to see a job seeker in action, which is the goal of "The Apprentice". People running for a corporate position may submit a sugar-coated resume and wear their high-profile outfit for interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses and performance. <br /> <br /> In short, "The Apprentice" involves 16 candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in the investment firm of real estate mogul Donald Trump. "Apprentice" means the winner who will win a salaried position, learn the art of making large contracts with the master himself and, presumably, will obtain excellent professional relations. This post is a dream come true for those who wish to earn more than the GNP of some foreign countries. To attract the candidates, Trump shows off his private jet, his private luxury apartments full of statues and works of art, his limos, his relationships with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire tycoon. <br /> <br /> road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that clash. Each has a name that sounds good, such as Versamborps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that involve a business, such as creating advertising, selling merchandise, or negotiating. Teams select a project leader who provides the leadership and organizational skills needed to complete the task. If they win, the manager gets a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the manager can also become the scapegoat. Some tasks are extremely difficult with only a day or two to complete. Tasks may involve the creation of a television advertisement or print advertisement. Others may involve selling at a point of sale or on the street. <br /> <br /> Tasks bring out the best and the worst of the participants. They often immediately show who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who works hard. And the tasks also reveal who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and who seems to manage only by himself. The tasks invariably reveal unexpectedly the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and in particular the project manager. The quality of the communication between the leader, the delegates, the work, the organization, the time and the definition of specific objectives will largely determine the result, but it is not necessarily the winner. <br /> <br /> The most telling aspect of someone's potential behavior is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their true abilities, as opposed to their self-propagating abilities, are immediately visible through the veneer and can not be concealed by a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful metamorphosis. The qualities and / or weaknesses of leadership often become evident after only a few minutes. People who present themselves as leading leaders are not always so strong when placed in a real leadership position. It is always easier to "boast" than to engage in leadership. Project managers, even those from winning teams, often do not formulate a coherent strategy. They often think that diving deep into the surface to complete the task at the first minute instead of taking a little time to get organized and discuss how the task will be completed is more effective. More often than not, members of a poorly prepared team run like headless hens, discovering as they go, and ending up losing much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team will taste the high life, such as dining at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team goes to the dreaded conference room where Trump hears lame limb excuses and eliminates one or more of the contestants as a chess game with the now infamous "You're Fired". Often, the project manager is partially held responsible for the loss of the team and may be the target of Trump's accusing rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a victim of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite part of "The Apprentice" is the conference room. While the tasks themselves highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a losing team, even if the competition is tight. The losing team members start accusing each other, often without mercy, of who was at fault. And sometimes, more than one person is fired. I rarely see an underperforming candidate taking responsibility for his actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were perhaps the only candidates to assume full responsibility for the losses of his team and to receive no recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the greatest integrity of all candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi as weak and dismissed her, claiming that she did not defend herself, which could mean that he valued his ego more than his integrity. Nobody should sacrifice his integrity for that. Kristi Frank may not have become the apprentice, but she can live with herself knowing that she does not blame others unfairly. Is not it worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of "The apprentice" is also his weakness. Since team performance is evaluated strictly by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are ignored. Unless there are huge gaps between winning and losing teams, a losing team is sometimes a sign of a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I have seen losing teams sometimes seem better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with gain and defeat that we often neglect excellence.
