In this pool, this pond, there are water lilies and frogs. Frogs are sitting on water lilies. The frog and the water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming groupie having a crush on Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates are fleeing their leader because the blonde with rather curvaceous and supernatural proportions conveys a detached character who betrays the conformity and discipline mentality of the synchronized swimmer. But Floraine has a secret. the bomb has a bomb, that Birth of octopuses reveals to the public, visually, before confiding in Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never left, as they say, until a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party, we see a double image of the nascent sex bomb checking her makeup in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a morgana fata. Marie meets Floraine's double while her imitation breaks the heart of the water lily. While the frog goes on to catch flies for appearance, she gets chummy with the water lily when no one is looking. In the most astonishing scene of the film, the water lily agrees to help the frog lose its virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the boys to like her, but she does not like boys, but it's more important for the frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, it remains a frog. The frog can not turn into a water lily, or a princess, because the water lily has lost respect for the frog. After their lips opened, Floraine said to Marie, "You see, it's easy," the frog likens their kiss to orgasm that her friend gave her as a rite of passage without any conditions. Floraine's beauty is a burden. She carries the weight to meet the expectations of the boy. Florence uses Marie for one last time before her fata morgana introduces her imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, the other frog, the best friend of Marie, Anne (Louise Blachere), and the frustrated boy toy of Floraine Francois (Warren Jacobs), like all water lilies and water lilies. frogs, also has a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Mary for love, Francis uses Anne for sex. But that's life; it is the treachery of growing up, in which even a friend will pose as a good friend if the opportunity to climb the food chain presents itself. In a McDonald's, the water lily suppresses the other water lily after having bathed for a long time in the frog's light. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie calls herself because Anne, although far from ugly, is overweight and has an unflattering hairstyle. Anne tries to defend herself by using her breasts as many reprisals (the magnifying glass of her Happy Meal comments besides the flat torso of Marie), but the tadpole (Marie feels better than Anne, better than a water lily ) points out that her breasts are a byproduct of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be brutal to each other. <br /> <br /> Later, in the last shot, "Birth of the octopus" suggests that Mary also has a double, and this symbiosis between water lilies have the potential to become parasitic in the near future, if they do not have not already done so. Teenage girls can be brutal to each other in a way that no boy could match.
