Nymphéas is a first well-done French film about female sexuality and friendship among young women. Sciamma uses a specialized material, slightly disinfected, which repels as much as seduces the others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenagers in a new, well-ordered suburb of Paris. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool where two of the three are part of a synchronized aquatic ballet team. <br /> <br /> Distractions such as parents, siblings, work and school have been carefully cut off from the equation. The central sensibility belongs to Marie (Pauline Acquart), pretty sullen but lean, who is not part of the team but who thinks she would like to be. Marie venerates Floriane (Adele Haenel), a seductive blonde and remarkable among the men of the team. This keeps Mary away from her former best friend, also a member of the ballet team on the water, Anne a bit plump (Louise Blachère). Being less special, Anne is really more accessible to boys. Floriane, like this film, promises a little more than it really offers. Mary has the most essential quality for a teenager: she suffers inwardly. Flroiane does not suffer as much as jumping into situations and then she goes wild. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzled by the glamor of ballet on the water as well as Floriane. Floriane took the opportunity to make Mary first his slave and a blanket for homework, then, missing other friends, his confidante. All the other girls think that Floriane is a slut, an illusion that she encourages in the men and boys she teases, because she trains them. She suffers the destiny of the pretty girl to be not a person but an object, and she can not resist the validation that the boys give her by wanting to kiss her and lay her down, but she does not matter to her and knows it. commitments with them are a trap. By enlisting Mary to play the role of boyfriend so that her (invisible) mother does not know that she will meet boys, she also asks Marie to save her from boys later. At first, it was the opposite, but Floriane needs Mary as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne is left with her uncomfortable body and her desire to get laid in the air more earthly and more real than other girls. <br /> <br /> By dismissing any external context, Sciamma can highlight subtle changes in the delicate equation. objectives and interactions of the three girls. On the other hand, the film's water craze, which includes a lot of showering and spitting, as well as underwater swimming shots, gives her a feeling of no air at times and some of her 95 minutes do not pass not so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and lets the trio sometimes forget about its ever-present goals and avoidance and do silly and baseless things for girls. It's the offbeat moments that give life to the film; a shame not to have more. But Sciamma has the courage of his obsessions and what remains out of the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. Along the way, it's nice to watch the swim and watch the girls, who naturally love to watch each other. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama on the road, but things get a little more interesting when it appears that Mary does not only admire but really wants Floriane and is jealous of his little friends - who Floriane always stops before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of plot, Floriane actually decides to want to have her first real sex with Marie - but it is Marie who holds the blow, because she knows that it will not have the same meaning for Floriane that it will have to it. When that happens, it's a matter of shy mechanics. Meanwhile, Anne has a huge crush on Francois (Warren Jacquin), a swimmer, but of course he is after Floriane. Boys are not an element that has been removed and there still seem to be several dozen poolside or on the dance floor, but these are only bodies and faces, stallions available.
