The importance of the French title of this film, "The Birth of Octopuses", which literally means "The Birth of Octopuses", is rather obscure, so it is perhaps not surprising that it was marketed in the countries English speakers under the name "Water Lilies". The "lilies" of the English title are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, members of a synchronized swimming team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is a drama of "passage to adulthood" on the development of first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One of the characteristic features of the film, perhaps unusual for a film of this type, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the young people themselves. We do not see anything from their parents or teachers and very little from the adult world. The three girls have a very different appearance and are described as having a very different character. Marie shy and retired is thin and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is a little Jane, Floriane is a glamorous blonde very popular with boys. The three, along with a handsome swimmer named François, are involved in what could be described as a love quadrilateral. <br /> <br /> Anne has fallen in love with Francois, but he is in love with Floriane, who seems to make his affections, although he is not his only male admirer. Indeed, all the admirers of Floriane are not men, because Marie has a crush on her beautiful friend. The film describes how their friendship develops. At first, it seems that Floriane is simply using Marie as a convenient excuse as she goes out to meet boys; her parents are probably opposed to her going to her boys, but do not oppose her going out with friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite Floriane's image as a sexy and popular girl who is still in the center of men's attention, she reciprocates Mary's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather stocky figure, has a typical "butch" look, but she is the only one of the three main characters to be unequivocal heterosexual, while Marie, more conventional, and the fascinating Floriane are lesbian, or at least bisexual. . <br /> <br /> Early-age films are quite common, although most of them avoid the controversial topic of teen lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, tackles her subject in a delicate manner, with three very good performances by her three main actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and can be interpreted in various ways. (Floriane, for example, does she simply use Marie for sex or does she really have love feelings for her?) Would Floriane's vulgar behavior with François and the other boys simply be a way to hide his lesbian feelings of the outside world? hide them to herself?) This was the first film directed by her young director, Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); on this basis, it must be considered as a very promising newcomer. 7/10
