I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day. I have seen it so many times and I do not get tired of it. Strangely, every time I look at it recently, it brings me back to the very first time I saw it. Including this time. It must be this sense of mystery and "What's going on here?" Curiously, the part of the story that ALWAYS felt embarrassing and uncomfortable for me, this time, really had a huge effect on me-- Ruth. I think it's largely the result of Gerald Fried. A real masterpiece, that! The romantic part has been reused - much more widely - in THIS PARADISE SIDE. But of course, he made his debut here. I feel like all the girls Kirk has known over the years are perhaps the sweetest. When she said, "Do you have to go?", Combined with the music, I could really feel the pain she must have felt at not being able to let him stay with her. <br /> <br /> Someone commented online Ruth looked older than him, but she was not supposed to have aged in 15 years. Which makes me think ... Maybe she was one of the academy teachers. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Perhaps he thought back to that in "MIRI" when he told Janice, "I never get involved with older women." Maybe he meant "... more." <br /> <br /> Reading ST goes over the other day, I see where someone compared with me, MUDD But it seems SHORE LEAVE oughta is there too What are all these "people" otherwise Androids? And could we connect "The Caretaker" Whoever it is, it seems to be one of the rare cases in ST where you have a race that is actually "superior" instead of just thinking they are Yeoman Barrows seems to be taking the place of Yeoman Rand and, given all the attention that Dr. McCoy has drawn, this is just another frustrating example of a potentially good character. who appears once and never shows up again! Sheesh. <br /> <br /> I miss one thing among the last publications I've seen, Spock smiling, he was! I saw him I p really refers to knowing that there are two sides I spend all the time inside, rather than this "submerged" business. When he said, "Have fun, sir." at first, it could be seen that it was not only his speech to his senior officer, but his speech to his friend. And in the end, when he says needlessly: "Totally illogical!", I can not help thinking that he is doing it only to provoke a reaction. He may not smile and laugh, but I think he likes to see his crew happy around him.
