This one is a gambol; many Trek fans do not appreciate it as high as the well-known classic episodes of all time, because it lacks the deep meaning or hint of those really great ones, but this one is so well executed for what it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it's still my personal list of the top six episodes, no matter what my mood. Several future well-known films ("Westworld") and TV shows (the most bland "Fantasy Island") are based on the premise of this episode (and then, of course, the TNG show has revised the concept with the technology holodeck). Beautifully filmed (particularly visible in the restored version and on DVD) and made, it takes place in the context of a planet where the Enterprise has just arrived. It is strange that no animal life, even insects, seems to exist here (how are the flowers pollinated, for example), but the situation becomes really strange when the members of the reception arrive to start seeing people of their own. past (Kirk has a heavy past, he lies), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police revolver (undoubtedly an addition to his collection of swords). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (mid-way through the first season), the main characters had solidified in the old friends we had come to know over the previous many years. Here we see them really relax, converse and work together to solve the puzzle of this episode: the strong narrative is still a mystery, and the audience is back for the ride while Kirk and his friends are trying to solve a very problem weird. series of events that have a decidedly fun flavor. It's almost fanciful to follow the carefree style established on the ship as Kirk was finally maneuvered to beam after showing obvious signs of stress and fatigue (Enterprise would have apparently completed a mission agonizing). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on horseback; yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... I'm kidding. But this is not a joke for the rest of the reception, at this stage of the story. McCoy really died for all intents and, like the best episodes of Trek, the second half of this adventure degenerates into a tempo of action and suspense more frantic and more desperate. All of this is signaled by Kirk 's resolute response to Sulu, who expresses his incomprehension at none of these events right after McCoy - Kirk' s death will go to the bottom of the matter, whatever happens. <br /> <br /> But that's not easy for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest mano-organized fight for the series since Kirk wrestles with his sworn enemy of his years of academics, a struggle which seems to unfold on half of the planet. Yet this is counterbalanced by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another past knowledge of Kirk. This episode covers the range of all human experiences, in light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that happened, unlike an absurd approach that permeates many other fantasy series and science fiction with similar intrigues (unexplained appearances by people who could not be present ). And there is actually a subtext in the story - that we human beings must "solve" our tensions and fatigue in a particular way, or that we simply do not function in a natural "normal" way . Also note the appearance of the very cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return before the first movie of Trek in 1979. I think that after this episode, even more fans of Trek could not not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with one last thought, perhaps tempting: if McCoy was killed (checked by Spock), how do we know that it's our real McCoy who came back on the ship? This may explain why McCoy still inspected spacecraft about a century later and got along very well with Data.
