Another episode of my childhood when, as an adult, I come back with a different perspective. It was one of my favorite episodes of my childhood, an episode that really cemented my adoration of this show. However, after watching this episode after 20 years, I would say that it's certainly one of the lightest, played to laugh and amuse, instead of the drama and well-built scenarios of previous episodes of this, their first and best season . . Maybe this episode was written for a little R & R fan too! As Mr. Spock would say, the story just does not make sense, but there are fun phrases like this, of course, the last one, at the end, of Mr. Spock - when he asks the captain , McCoy and others if they enjoyed their play time. They answer in the affirmative, he raises an eyebrow and says "fascinating ..." in the only way Mr. Spock could do it. An interesting story, of course, the idea of ​​an amusement park being really fun (instead of the fake "fun" often annoying Disneyland, for example), allowing his desires to come true. Really, a good idea but not so well executed. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another great SF writer they used during the first season, one wonders how many changes have been made to the script that Sturgeon has made. <br /> Now, here's a little What I learned on this site: In 1987, James Gunn created the Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best science fiction story. And I'll mention the rest of this site: In 1968, he {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine", a third script in the Star Trek television series {Amok Time the other}, which was never shot. The main reason it was not used in the series is that it contained expensive special effects sequences that would be too important for their budget. However, the script was adapted into a book by sci-fi writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would summarize this saying this episode is always very nice, especially if you do not think about it too much. Just laugh and appreciate that, and the next episode will allow us to come back to the serious issue of protecting the universe.
