Hollow Man began with a brilliant but imperfect scientist, Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon), who finally figured out how to make things visible again after being rendered invisible by his serum. They test the serum on an already invisible gorilla and everything works perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants celebrate but while he should report the breakthrough to his military support, Caine wants to be the first invisible human. He manages to persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well. Caine becomes invisible. However, when they try to bring it back, the serum fails and remains invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose his hold on reality as he realizes his power but is unable to use it trapped in a laboratory. But again, he's absolutely right, he can do anything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven I rather liked Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago on cable TV late at night / early morning and, worse, I feel sick, not because of the movie but because of the chocolates and sparkling pop I've had in the last few weeks so I'll keep this a brief one. Andrew W. Marlowe's screenplay has a decent pace, but it trails a bit in the center and is based on a central principle. It is based on the basic idea that the invisible will drive you crazy, as in the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie that Hollow Man obviously owes a lot. He managed to have a successful mix of horror, sci-fi and action and to offer good entertainment value for about 110 minutes. I thought the character was good, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, although I know everyone knows that Verhoeven does not act subtly. The first thing he has in the Invisible, Caine, is to sexually molest a member of his team. then when he enters the outside world, he makes Caine rape a woman with the justification "who will know," Cain told himself. Then, of course, there is the gore, it shows a ripped rat and this is just the opening scene after the credits. To be fair, the violence is a little sparse this time but still has a pretty nasty and sadistic tone about it. . That said, I like the horror / gore / exploitation movies that Hollow Man gives me, it's just that maybe it's not everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> The director Verhoeven does a great job. special effects boys make him look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less flawless, they are brilliant and it's as simple and straightforward as that. There are also good scenes of horror and action, even if the fight against the climate is a bit exaggerated. I like the effect where Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time with veins, organs and bones in show or when the opposite happens with the gorilla. There are some bloody moments, including a rat eaten, a person impaled on a tip and a person with an open head, which produces splashes of blood. <br /> <br /> With an impressive budget of about $ 95,000,000, Hollow Man is technically flawless, I imagine the interviews on the DVD where some of Boffin's special effects indicate that they mapped the entire body from Bacon to the last vein, what they actually did, because you know that everyone would watch him notice if one of his veins was missing or if he was in the wrong position. not them? The acting game was OK, Bacon, made for a good kind of crazy anti-hero scientist. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of the big-budget Dutch extravagants where effects and action occupy a central place in any meaningful story. or character but to be brutally honest sometimes we all like that in a movie, well I know I know it. Good budget entertainment with a slightly sordid and darker sequence than the usual Hollywood product, which really deserves a watch.
