It seems that many BDIM's comments on this film are biased, in the sense that they try to compare it to an older version. Certainly, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of "INVISIBLE MAN", but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining film, period. If you are watching a movie with the intention of finding as many flaws as possible, you should not watch movies in the first place. Certainly, some movies are simply horrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think of what YOU would do if you were invisible and if your ex was getting fucked with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon is an eccentric scientist who, with a team of collaborators, discovers how to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (who work for the Pentagon, as you can guess) thinks they have the formula to make animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteered to be the first to try the new experimental drug. After that, of course, things go wrong, because Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask so that his colleagues know where he is. The feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take hold of Kevin's character. When he discovers that his ex-girlfriend and collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) has a raunchy affair with another young scientist on the team, he ends up cracking. The film then turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slasher movie, but that does not mean it's a bad trick. There are fears and chills and the film is moving at a good pace. The special effects are first rate (a quality always present in ALL Paul Verhoeven's films), because we get to see "body reconstitution" sequences never before seen on a film. If there is anything to complain about, it may be the predictability of the situations described here; In the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin Bacon will go from being strange and eccentric to an insane murderer in the end. And the end is a bit steep, but even so, HOLLOW MAN is always worth watching. If you want to know what really is a bad movie, waste your money in "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * out of 10 *!
