This is a run-of-the-mill nature porn movie. By porn, I do not talk about sex. I mean free images (for example) of thousands of birds gathered, hundreds of walruses, a giant waterfall or an iceberg. Several shots of the film seem to exist only to enter the trailer, to allow people to see it in the movie theaters for ten seconds before disappearing to never be seen again during the rest of the film. <Br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this movie. Said that one expects a story of three animal families, "better than March of the Penguins", the movie just does not deliver. The blame rests on three key areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in the history of the movie Nature, (2) the music crew who dramatized everything to tell you what that you should feel, even when the film lacks motivation, and last but not least (3) publishers who have tilted the story from one place to another, without rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, aspiring the whole life of the movie - a movie about life. When we arrived at the whales midway through the film, I collapsed in my seat with dread, hoping against hope that the film was more than half of the film and that I would be able to survive the long test of endurance with screen animals. <br /> <br /> There was almost no science in the movie. They attributed the hot and cold (not just the seasons) to the inclination of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes from one place to another if there were no tilt because the poles would never heat up. And it would be worse if we had no rotation (compared to the revolution) like that of Mercury, because half of the planet cooks and the other half freezes. Then, towards the end, they used the term "humans and animals", as if humans were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> But I have to credit the work of the camera, and that's why I call this porn nature. From super slow motion to what appears to be a fast-paced, meticulously tuned, mechanical photograph, has been used to provide (and I warn, "only") amazing moments that raise the bar compared to other nature-based films. . That said, I'm not convinced that everything was in the nature on the screen. Some of the plans showing the big watering hole in Africa, which changed from season to season, seemed to me to be a synthetic image. A filmmaker could have expected such suspicion and added other clichés to show that everything was natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a movie on Earth, I was expecting a lot more Earth to be shown. What we saw was blank. We had to stick to the word of the narrator to say that some species are at risk because of climate change. They did not show us the proof. They did not show us the toxic tailings ponds of Alberta, visible from space. They did not show us the big spiral of the Pacific. They did not show us a nocturnal picture of human light pollution around the planet. These are as much of the Earth as anything else. Why cover it for a well-being wash? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is about predation. Whenever a predator appeared on the screen hunting for prey, the music was almost transformed into a scene of Mt. Doom's Lord of the Rings, the predator being portrayed as some kind of ultimate diabolical figure of Sauron. But predators are not bad. They render a necessary service by ensuring the survival of the best members of the prey species. We are predators ourselves. Whenever the predator catches the prey, we immediately cut something else, to pretend that death and feeding do not really happen. The last insult was that the polar bear "dad" was left for dead after daring to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!", You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the presentation itself. My theater may be partly responsible for this, but maybe not. I was expecting to see something brighter than what I could see on my own LCD HDTV at home. But the picture was blurry and was presented in the same 16: 9 report that I could get at home, instead of the wider report that many movies are nowadays. And during an action-packed scene near the end, the movie (I can not imagine it happening digitally) was damaged and we lost several colors, eventually disappearing completely. This was repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they actually plant a tree for me, it will have been worth it. But how will I know?
