The spoiler alert is for those who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes are in front of their eyes, although I do not mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is an env. A 90-minute cinema version based on "Planet Earth" that I watched on BBC TV. The television version was commented by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator, who, I hoped, had also done for "Earth", but it is Patrick Stewart, Star Captain Picard of Trek. There are regular plans of the Earth from space, so it may be appropriate. In any case, he has a rather calm and pleasant voice. There are 12 chapters in which we follow animal life on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 families of animals, polar bear, elephant and whale, appear in more than one of these regions. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of the distance that separates it from the North Pole or the Equator. We see something of every type of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, as well as beautiful images of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle, an almost perfect representation of diversity of life, landscapes and climates of the earth. You have the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people, villages and cities do not appear in the film. It is therefore a documentary about the typical nature, but turned to breathtaking and accompanied by a charming music. When the film started, I already knew it would end up too early for me. It's a family movie, so no animal kills. When the hunter catches someone, the shooting ends and in other cases, we see the prey being caught in slow motion, which makes it less violent and less watchable for young children (age limit of 6 years in the Nederlands). No bloodshed. Some scenes (newly born animals) are really cute and will be loved by children. It sounds like a regular film, but when you know how many days of filming took (4000) and how much it cost, it becomes a piece of beauty even more amazing. The Dutch premiere took place yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a cinema with 500 seats, including 15 taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for movie buffs. Since I knew the TV series, I was very curious to know if my favorite scenes would succeed in this movie. Some did not, but the most impressive blows (great stunts) did, fortunately. It was the first time I cried in a film about nature.
