I only heard good things about the 2006 TV mini-series, "Planet Earth", told by my childhood idol, David Attenborough. Nevertheless, whether or not it was screened here in Australia, I never caught up with it and had the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)' ?? a compilation of feature films of the same kind ?? on the big screen, I jumped at the chance. The theater was practically empty; Only one other customer was sitting in the row in front of me, and it was as if I had not only the big screen for me, but the entire planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I immersed myself in the beauty and perils of isolated nature, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever filmed. Impressive in its magnitude and sometimes painfully intimate, "Earth" is a sincere plea for filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and the way in which the human intrusion has placed countless glorious animal and plant species of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, clearly advocates for the conservation of wilderness, it refrains from hitting our heads with propaganda, and the puzzle of the policy is completely ignored; indeed, there is no human being in sight. Instead, we are simply engaged in a breathtaking journey into the majesty of the natural world, to experience resilience, but also the fragility of life on Earth. I hear that the original 11-episode mini-series plunges much more into the scientific context of global ecosystems, but I think that filmmakers here have made the wise decision to replace information with an impact. Emotional: I can 'I do not remember the last time I felt so inspired and at the same time deeply sorry. By establishing an emotional connection between the public and a small number of people, anthropomorphizing them to a certain extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species and their desperate survival situation becomes less a statistic and more unacceptable. tragedy. <br /> <br /> "The Earth" is essentially a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it's a female polar bear's struggle to lead her young cubs to Arctic ice or walking from a herd of elephants to the seasonal flood waters of the Okavango Delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, presented in a heartbreaking way in the desperate ballet of predator-prey interactions. Although from time to time, perhaps to satisfy a younger audience, the film shrinks at the crucial moment, I regularly lose in tears the inevitability of death in nature and the raw instinct that fuels the ultimate efforts and desperate for survival of these animals. There is even a haunting beauty in the hunt, both in the slow motion sequences of a cheetah slaughtering its prey (the result of a single fatal step), or in the majestic jumping of a great shark white engulfs an unfortunate sea lion. It is this fragile equilibrium which has been fatally disturbed by the selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> Apart from these main stories, we are also treated to present extracts of wild animals from around the world, including the birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea and the autumn migration of the cranes damsel . Of course, whole films could only have been devoted to these species, and the fact of having to sift through so many films has inevitably resulted in some interesting ecosystems being ignored and taking a lot of time. By choosing to focus more closely on the polar bear, elephant and humpback whale ?? retrace their lifestyle, via a stunning high-definition time-lapse photography, throughout a calendar year ?? the filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that may arise from so many things to show and only 90 minutes to show. As a result, "Earth" left me thirsty for more and, fortunately, I have about eleven hours left, as soon as I can find a copy of the "Planet Earth" DVD box. Exhilarating and heartbreaking, impressive and heartbreaking, "Earth" is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and it may be my favorite 2007 film.
