City Hall deals with the politics of a city rather than a country, a state or a major political table. While it shines in New York, which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but it is still on a smaller scale and puts under the microscope some key players in a scandal that has hit the right of the mayor. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with the thriller elements that have played in Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance and, in many ways, incorporates so many genres of stereotyped thrillers that he is almost immune to them. I mean City Hall is supposed to be a political drama, not a thriller, but once everything is said and done and once you get to the meat and potatoes of the movie, you have the feels like a thriller, but it's pretty decent, but a big part of the recipe that immediately brings out this ... what else ... or who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a glimpse of life at the town hall and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, he broadens his political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his relationships, then we discover some of the things happening in the city. As events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect remains somewhat in the background, but the configuration remains bright. <br /> <br /> I hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE he did not give a good performance, how could I say it? Man acts royalty. All his behavior is something great. At City Hall, Pacino plays the role of Mayor of New York City. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears as a very distinguished politician. He also delivers one of the most powerful and captivating speeches I've ever seen at the James Bone funeral. I watched this speech again four times and the first time I saw Pacino give it, my mouth was wide open and I almost wanted to get up and applaud. His brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, whom I really appreciate as an actor, performs a mediocre and excessive performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He is a little center of the film and he and Pacino have good chemistry when they are on the screen, but there is just something in this performance ... he seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just weird, and although he's supposed to be sharp and intimidating, he does not seem to be getting away with it. Maybe he had a movie off. Bridget Fonda, coming out of her celebrity, does a decent job as a lawyer for the widow of the police, Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's as she just does not seem to find her pace with this character. Danny Aiello is great, although his character is a bit under-exploited as a democratic leader linked to the Frankfurter Mafia. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as judge at the Walter Stern study. <br /> <br /> The problem of City Hall is evident in my analysis of characters and actors. Everyone is well. There are a lot of stories that they try to show without showing them and unfortunately, it leaves a bit puzzled about this whole conspiracy. And of course, you have Al Pacino in a rather modest secondary role, but he is absolutely brilliant and eclipses and eclipses all the other actors in the film. It almost seems like they're intimidated by being on the screen with them. So City Hall could have been this huge epic political drama / thriller, but it seemed to be reduced at a moderate speed, BUT it remains to be seen for Pacino and another twist of the inner workings of politics. If you do not see this movie, find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the word electrifying does not seem to do him justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible a speech and you do it feel. If you're a fan of John Cusack I'm ... he certainly did better, but he's the main character and, overall, he got justice. A decent film but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
