The film is about a classic theme. In fact, it's all about Batman's theme, from beginning to end, but in real data and in detail. The mayor of New York, much appreciated, very diligent and dynamic, wants to advance a project a little faster than usual and gives in to the pressure exerted by some private entrepreneurs on a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and maintained in prison. puts the judge under pressure in turn to release him in probation despite a negative probation report that disappears but is not destroyed, if only for the political value it represents. And what was supposed to happen happens and some people, including a black schoolboy, are killed in a shooting between a police detective and this criminal. The city can explode because of this: racial tension because of the black schoolchild and social tension because of the insecurity that these criminals are free to browse and pursue their criminal activities to the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show very well this tension and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to discover the truth and discovers it. But along the way, some witnesses are killed and those who have played a role in the business are forced to retire (the judge), to end their careers and their life (the contractor or business). two), a public officer who was ready to hand over the missing probation report and a shady character after providing crucial information. The mayor himself retires and takes long vacations; But the main interest of the film is to explore the contortions that the mayor is making to hide the problem and the contortions he remembers having committed in the past and that led to the error on this case of probation. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray, which is never comfortable for decision-makers, is invoked as an excuse for making erroneous but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the trade-offs needed to reach consensus in areas that are essential to the public interest. We are talking about considering it as less important to make a bad decision about a small or supposedly little criminal than an infrastructure or economic project in the city. It's not typical of New York. This is true in any mayor's office. It is just more important in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area like New York and of course in a city or country where police services are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor moves the former mayor out of the city and distorts his ambition to become governor of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because of the incarnation that Al Pacino offers us since he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes all the dialogue useless. I find the end a bit confused with the former deputy mayor leading the campaign on his own behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his way. He is not better than all the others, still too young in his ambitions. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
