Wow ... 5 more hours of Riget. Lars continues the formidable combination of occultism, dark horror and television drama. Repeating exactly where the last episode of the previous series stopped (with the same intensity and the same suspense, even if it does not last, for better or for worse), this installation of the franchise seems a little more inclined in a hurry ... in the last series, it seemed to be a day or a week between each episode, while it is clearly a long stretch ... where one episode ends, another starts . We can say a lot about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities testify to this. The plot continues its excellence, now paying more attention to a few regular characters who were minor players in the previous four episodes. Basically, each character of the first return comes back, at least to the extent that the main roles disappear. The pace is not as clear as in the first part and I found myself less seized by it. That's not at all a way to say that it did not engage me, however ... I always found myself constantly watching, and repeatedly, reacting strongly, often aloud, to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior for me, as I am an incredibly quiet person), as I was also at the first. Like the first, it also raises complex ethical questions. Building on the base from the beginning, this brings the story further ... and being a sequel, the scope is also greater. Grander. More spirits, stranger occurrences, more subplots. The solid graphic material of the first is also back, and it has been propelled upward. The characters are developed further. The acting is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent, for anyone in doubt. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who has already seen the first series can probably understand what I mean) * and * acting in a language he did not speak (he was then doubled) ... and still showing such a force performance. The cinematography remains excellent and remains very hand-held, with quick zooms and occasional shots. The editing is precise, with some direct cuts in the sound (although these were more obvious in the first). That said, I really want to be able to give this result a perfect score of 10 ... or at least a little below, as for the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching and I do not regret it. But that has gaps ... those of the first part and more. As the first, humor takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are several new regular characters who are only there to provide comic relief ... three of them, no less. The scenes are configured and executed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Very good for a comedy, but what does he do in a place so dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less than sadistic sometimes, horror piece? Helmer's lonely secret hideaway, loneliness, was changed from the roof of the hospital ... from where he could see his beloved Sweden ... into a bathroom. With an angle from the inside of the bowl. No, you read well. In general, humor seems lower ... more jokes about sex and bodily functions, which again raises the question "Why?". Although most of the writings are excellent, some are downright disastrous. Several scenes are essentially copied from the first mini-series (we would guess because of their popularity during its broadcast). Sometimes the drama seems a little more dramatic than the first film and sometimes jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but always in a visible way, the points and elements of the plot are explained too easily (a certain person living in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... whoever saw it knows who I am talking about) . Both dishwashers, though always mysterious and insightful, become too fanciful ... too overexposed, I suppose. Most of the scenes with them are always nice. On top of that, I want to reassure all readers that despite all the negative things I just wrote, it's still good ... definitely nice, compelling, powerful ... and, IMHO, should certainly to be seen by those who loved the first (though, if they belong to this group, do not expect the story to be over after watching this, nor after the first one). I recommend it to all fans of Lars von Trier and all those who liked the first Riget and want to know more where it comes from. I urge anyone who even thinks to look at this to make sure you have seen first before you ... I bought this before I bought it first, but I kept looking at it I bought it first and watched it, and I can not tell you how happy I am to have done it. Although this presents a brief summary of the events of Part One, there is a tremendous amount of detail and detail that you would miss if you did not see it before looking at this. A little less, but certainly still look if you liked the first. 8/10
