The critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek and his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, bring together a marvelous fusion of dumb thrillers, horror, science fiction, surrealism and other contemporaries to silence his Freudian comparisons. But in Pervert's Guide du Cinéma, he also brings out, even the deepest points, any analysis that I have seen on a collective section of films. Although this does not cover the vast territory covered by Scorsese film documentaries, the same attachments are present, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "perverse" examples and films, mainly those of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. Still, we should not go see that - if you can find it, I'll see it almost by chance - thinking that Zizek is just going to try to dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or referring them in an obtuse, disturbed way. way. If he opens anything, he addresses points that may never be considered as such. Do you think that three of the Marx brothers are representations of the Id, the Overself and the Ego (the example of Harpo is for me quite unstoppable). <BR /> <br /> But he is not only a fan of the classics, he also considers the food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in representations of the division between fantasy and reality and if the matrix needs energy as much as energy needs the matrix for the first and the attachment of violence to the management of oneself and double in the second. He even adds a piece of the crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith, when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of evicting paternity under that back mask just as the birth of his children takes place elsewhere. The ideals of fatherhood, male sexuality, the masculine point of view to transform fantasy into reality (how rightly Zizek refers to the moment of creation of a nightmare), and female subjectivity are explored, which is perhaps the most deadly with Vertigo. This also applies to a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were the film Zapruder, where he dissects the three points of collision of the psycho-sexual position in the scene "do not look at me" in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now, it would be one thing if Zizek himself was committed to making these points sincere, excited and somewhat plausible in front of the camera or mainly in voiceover as Scorsese does. But he goes even further to accentuate his fantasy and reality points, and how they overlap, intersect, resemble each other or spread more crucially in a sense of hell or primordial for certain characters (eg, Lost Highway) by putting yourself in the places where the movies take place. Funniest sees it for the first time in the boat "heading" to the same dock where Tippi Hedren's boat is headed at the beginning of the Birds; just as fun, as he waters the Blue Velvet lawn, he then explains the many facets of Frank Booth; only one, when it is on the territory of Solaris, it seems a little cheesy. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this editing, and after a while, we bypass the potential node of this gadget and Zizek's words pass through. <br /> <br /> There were some movies that I would like of course I was expecting mostly Hitchcock and Lynch, but moviegoers are pleased to see two things: movies that you would never think of seeing in a movie about the movies called Pervert's The Movie Guide (the first two for me are the Disney Pluto Cartoon and Chaplin's Movie Show, with a remarkable note on the power and distinction of "voices", and those we have not seen yet (the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, a few others) that inspire immediate feelings of "wow, I have to see this immediately, without asking any questions." Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and presents it with a clarity that recalls why we watch movies in the first place, to entertain ourselves, of course, but also to have that real experience of sitting down and having something there- up, as he said, looking into the toilet This is probably one of the greatest films about cinema, and in such a splendid analysis of how Freud pioneers films about desire, the Id / Super-Ego / Ego, and the supernatural in the imaginary, which you may never see. ..unless distribution finally starts, if only on the smaller levels.
