"Cinema is the ultimate evil art, it does not give you what you want, it tells you how to desire." <br /> <br /> Thus begins "The guide of the pervert in cinema", in which a Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel to world cinema. This three-part film is the second documentary film directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, the sister of Ralph and Joseph). This is a remarkable achievement, recording two and a half hours of conversation with a man while remaining humorous and engaging. all along. In essence, this is a long film conference, and one of the best you can get. During the film, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsessions and desires in the history of cinema. He has over 40 films, including Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also looks at "Persona", "The Conversation", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Fight Club" and "The Exorcist". Thematically, Zizek's investigation of the cinema goes from reflections on the death drive to the "coordinates of desire", from Gnosticism to "partial objects". <br /> <br /> "The Guide of the Pervert" will be a slightly better experience if you took a few minutes to explain your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not steeped in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and hilarious personality propels the film forward with such a taste that you do not risk to balk at specialized jargon. The film often passes video clips in Zizek * images inside * of the movie he is talking about - that is, in the original locations and settings. The transitions in these sequences maintain a tension and a humor such that the thing never gets old. And Zizek himself makes us laugh all the time, whether it's through weird little jokes or his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold oedipal interpretation of "The Birds". And this cheerful attitude, both of Fiennes and Zizek, is essential to the gonzo character of the film. It's the spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, do not we all feel that, beyond a certain threshold, the theoreticians of psychology are just pulling our legs?
