He is stocky, sweaty, slightly crossed, and agitated. He stands before us and says he is perverted. He claims that we ?? the viewers ?? perceive the screen as a toilet bowl and all secretly want everyone to explode from the inside. He is unpredictable and scary. Well??? Come on, you would have already guessed it: he is one of the leading philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? i ?? ek is both narrator and subject of the extraordinary new film by Sophie Fiennes, Guide du pervers au cinéma. Fiennes illustrates a long lecture of ?? i ?? ek, and does it in two ways: by providing excerpts of exemplary movies and putting ?? i ?? ek on real places (or reconstructed) movies he talks about. It is always nice to watch perfectly subtitled scenes of great movies (although Revenge of the Sith is there too), but the main attraction of the Pervert Guide ?? is ?? i ?? ek himself. What makes the film so much fun to watch is the unquestionable question that one can not help but ask constantly: what is more outrageous, the views of ii ek or the presence on the screen of ii ek? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher confessed for a moment his fear of silence. Because he feels he does not exist, he said, the only way to make everyone believe he thinks it is to talk constantly and feverishly. And talk he did, and how. Also a perverse guide ?? is dominated by his voice ?? provide perfect English in the craziest way and make some amazing remarks about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are they? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to talk about images as a sign of a universal fear of the voice (a kind of extraterrestrial force taking hold of the human being - think of the ventriloquist segment of Dead of Night [45]). He says that the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us to desire certain objects and not to provide them. He identifies Groucho Marx as super-ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and all the time, we can not take his eyes off, so his look is persuasive (and captivating). At one point, I could not help but look at her thick, gaunt hair and wonder what kind of brain was beneath it. Of course, we need more information. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable readings of ?? i ?? ek by Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not surprising since he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips from their respective works made these parts of the conference ?? i ?? ek memorable and ?? unlike others ?? difficult to discuss, because he seems to have really understood these two directors. This is not good for his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, to whom he relentlessly imposes his own totally materialistic vision of reality, excluding precisely what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (ie, strong intuition and religious images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether? i ?? ek is inspiring and brilliant, because he is; or if the film Fiennes deserves to be watched, because it is the same. The real question is rather: are the views coherent? Intelligent observation one after the other creates an overwhelming intellectual journey, but once everything is over, doubts remain. For example, while considering Vertigo (58), he says that what is hidden behind a human face is a perfect void, which makes itself only a facade: a kind of deception by its own means. However, when in the final sequence we hear of the always-moving final of City Lights (31) as being the portrait of a human being fully exposed to another, it is hard not to ask: what has happened of the entire facade? ? Why should we give Chaplin an intrinsic value of reality and deprive Kim Novak of this same privilege in two daring moves ??? Or maybe this inconsistency could also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the notoriously "illegible" French psychoanalyst is fundamental to the thought of "i ?? ek.) The film has all the virtues of a magnificent conference of two and a half hours: a lot of ground is covered, many perspectives employed, even some top-quality puzzles made (when ?? i'm going on a Melanie Daniels boat in The Birds [63] and trying to think like she did, he says, "I want to ** k Mitch! "). But he also has a gap that is not inherent in a two-and-a-half-hour reading as such: it's an almost obsessive digression. The spinning of i i ek on the distance that separates us from the Real is as good as any psychoanalytic thread, but after about 80 minutes, it becomes obvious that one of the perverse pleasures of ?? i ?? ek consists of walking around again and again, changing the subject constantly. The general effect is to be carried away by a giant wave, cold and sparkling: you are at once taken by surprise, refreshed, in danger of death and confused, endless. While you're done watching, your head is overflowing with ideas that do not belong to you and you already intend to see some movies again ?? but you also share the feeling of having survived a calamity. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is whether you are lost. Or have we not even approached reality? Once the cinephilia becomes punishable by imprisonment, we will all meet in a single cell and we will finally talk to each other (we will have no film around which we will turn the face). I challenge you all: who will have the courage to approach and challenge him? In my opinion, once you have examined these eyes in real life, you become a believer.
