His Deadly Rival (1995): Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye and Stan Kelly Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Wiggins Al, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford, .... Director James Hayman, Dan Vining Scenario. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (LA Law, Clash of The Titans and other films) seems perfectly presented in this film type "Lifetime" directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinna, will work on a movie later. about sex addiction. "His deadly rival" is, at first glance, similar to the more well-known Hollywood box office success "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", Jim and Kris Lanford, a happy married couple, move into a new home in the beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a usual lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer casts her eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite an attempt by Jim and even investigators to find out who she is. She constantly harasses Jim by phone calls and letters. His marriage collapses when his wife begins to think he has an affair and he tries to hide it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - both seem to be coming straight out of a soap opera. But it's a drama full of suspense and has its good moments. There is a twist at the end. Spoil alert. All I have to say is that "her deadly rival" was only herself. On the basis of a supposedly real case, Jim's wife, Kris, was suffering from multiple personality disorders and that's what ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not really impressive, even if the acting is only a step further than the soap opera, this film has its moments. The intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim discovers the truth, can not believe what he just heard are particularly moving. The film is probably a little too long and boring in some places, but it's the kind of TV movie that usually works well, especially in Lifetime, which continues to produce such films as the "national thriller", or stories of seduction. Trash but everyone loves garbage.
