Everyone has a first love, and even if it's hard to define that feeling when you're younger, it's painful inside you. This is what the Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad wants to prove in her fourth feature film, a film where the most complex emotion is told deceptively simple and direct. <br /> <br /> Such an approach is particularly practical in this case. because the love story at the heart of the film involves two twelve year olds and would make any attempt at analysis "deeper" as artificial and pretentious. The fact that they do not do so also testifies to the amazing performances given by the main non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The first plays Orked (already seen as an adult character in Ahmad's previous film, Gubra), a living, almost rebellious girl, who, perhaps influenced by her "British" upbringing (her mother studied in England), misunderstanding playing the doll, preferring to do violent sports with boys. Then, one day, she meets Mukhsin (Naswip), come to spend the holidays at her aunt, and she suddenly changes her habits: farewell fights, hello cycling and climbs in the trees. but what does that mean? Are they friends, or is it something more implicit, something that none of them is yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the protagonists, answering these questions is impossible, and so, as in several "smaller" films (we think of Lost in Translation), there is not really closing, a choice that leaves a bitter-sweet aftertaste, but ultimately satisfying: the naturalistic and unfiltered (especially Aryana) role playing touches almost immediately the heart, and a strong distribution (the family of Orked especially) help keep the minimalist narrative entertaining and seductive. The down-to-earth approach is not always so effective (the hilarious subplot about an adulterous neighbor is abandoned far too soon) and it's hard to justify the bizarre reference to Pulp Fiction at the beginning of the feature film, but the emotional strength of teenage romance is enough to make it an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
