The film begins in a classroom where, unsurprisingly, our lead actress, Orked, was seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the film, he was asked why (by Mukhsin) to have been sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for a child she is; because she already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of a romance to think about, but once you stop reading too many reviews and you go there, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses primarily on 10-year-old Orked, who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game many would think of as a boy's game. Short of players, Mukhsin (who was new to this village) was forced to let Orked into the game, in which she was eagerly showing off her masculine side. Orked is not a girl as ordinary as she describes more male behavior than you will see in the movie, defending Mukhsin from a very violent encounter with classmates, throwing one of the tyrant's bags through the window of the bus, throwing punches and kicking at Mukhsin's brother where after teasing Mukhsin and so on. Both of them were great friends and stayed closer to that, but with the slightest misunderstanding that most of us would respond in the same way, we separated them until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the movie describes the first love between Orked and Mukhsin. They started as friends, but slowly evolve to a slightly closer relationship, then to BGR. You will notice the changes made by Yasmin to the movies for each of the main actors and the actress when they go through love. The different character was portrayed with eagerness and gentle humor. The scenes were all random, but it was so real that you would stay on the screen for a long time. You will love the film for what it is and not because you want to be patriotic of local scenes, because it means much more than that. <br /> <br /> As the film wraps around the two lovebirds, he manages to find his goal vis-à-vis the parents of Orked, his mother who studied in England speaks very well the English and in which her husband and the caretaker of the house have tried a lot to speak their own English, which was humor all the way indeed. Let me just explain why humor can be such an important thing in this movie. And this explanation or description that you can describe can only be given in one word: RANDOMNESS. More often than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It's like what Jack Neo's Just Follow Law would have mentioned - Often, when we are ourselves, we do not see the person in ourselves, but we are only when we are in the body of another nobody. to learn to see who we really are. And that's how humor applies too, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with so much chance that the typical facts of our routine lives as we had conducted it could be completely filled with laughter if we wanted it to be. <br /> <br /> The other part of this movie was about how the neighbor of Orked, a couple in which the husband no longer loves his wife and wants to find another. Pak Koboi was seen polishing his motorcycle every day and taking him on a ride with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not fail to explain to you why the husband wanted to find another woman. The woman was a real cyclone or KPC, as the Chinese would say, having interrupted the activities of other people and sent her own daughter to tease Orked with words that only adults would use. After all, what happens is what happens, and that's probably why bad things want to happen to him. Every time, being nice to the people around you will not hurt, unless you have an ego to protect, but again, what is it worth? The film is also centered on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who went to town every night until late at night, smoking, drinking and also finding "girls". It's the exact opposite of Mukhsin, but it may be because of family problems. The two brothers lived at their aunt's house and the parents were far away from them. I will not expose the screenplay any more, as it would ruin the interest of wanting to discover it for yourself, but the least element in which the producer wishes to send a message to the viewers is the life of us. all. She wanted us, at least that we look at life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. The films, in a way, take us out of our own body, put us in the character's position, and then use our empty mind to see what's going on. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you will be fascinated by how a good movie like this would portray and imply a significant impact on you.
