Mukhsin is a beautiful film about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and here is the story of screenwriter-director Yasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that his films were semi-autobiographical, with scenes drawn from his personal experiences. It is this sharing and the translation of these emotions on the big screen that gives his films always a warm sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is no different and probably the most accomplished work to date (although I must add that personally, Sepet always has a place of choice in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time we go back to when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger from the films we traveled with, from Rabun to Gubra, and here, Sharifah Amani's sisters Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya, respectively perform the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, which may explain -being their excellent chemistry together on the screen, but does not play the role of their siblings. The only constant, it seems, is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through Mukshin, we come to the full circle of characters and the world that Yasmin presented to us. We come to learn and understand a little more about the family, when they still live in their kampung (revisited in Rabun), where Orked attended a Chinese school and packs a serious combination of punches (and you ask about this explosion of energy in Gubra, well, she had it in her since her youth!). Long-time boy and family child, she prefers to play with boys rather than games, rather than stupid "masak-masak" with girls, and her favorite outings include football games with the family. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village provides Orked a nice partner to hang out and do things with - bike in the villages, climb trees, fly kites. And like what we want to explore, the crossing of this line between friendship and romance, beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his brazen moments that animate the story and cause laughter, because some of the incidents we would have lived ourselves and we would have sometimes reconnected with our memory of our childhood. In short, these scenes shouted "fun"! We observe life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, curious parkers and rumors, spread sick gossip from envy. Two other family dynamics have been observed, one in an immediate neighbor and the other in Mukhsin, both of which serve as adequate subgraphs and contrast with Orked's. As always, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, he has something special, the song "Hujan" written by his father, as well as "Do not Leave Me Not", rightly used in the Since Yasmin's films have been centered around the same characters, beauty is that you can watch them alone, or when they are viewed and assembled, form a compelling family drama that deals with distinct themes and problems universal like interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will certainly see Mukhsin's many links with previous films, while new audiences will certainly be curious about why and what's happening to characters or recurring events, like this chubby boy glancing at Orked. . <br /> <And speaking of why, some parts of Mukhsin are also curiously open, which is probably characteristic of Yasmin's style, or deliberately left as such. I thought that as a childhood story, recalled from memory, there were then details that will be left out. And subtly, I had the feeling that Mukhsin was exposing him perfectly, with less details and an emphasis on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie, and a rare movie I think it's suitable for all ages - bring your little brother or sister!
