If you want to know more about the Spanish Civil War and all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you chose the wrong film. <br /> <br /> It's a vision of the war as such. happened in Mallorca, a small island off Spain. When a war like this happens on a small island that stands almost immediately for the traitor, there is no war in the open. The soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the mainland, while another type of war is taking place at their home on the small island. There, neighbors tell other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are against the new regime, but many people are told because of old family struggles, or maybe the silent introvert who has no friends is told by someone who wants him "earn points". And these things do not happen in the open air. There were trials, yes, but many others were woken up in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning, the bodies would be found and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but nobody would dare to speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers killing someone they had never seen in their lives. We are talking about people who killed their neighbors and who probably greeted their widow the next day and who even attended the funeral of the guy they killed. We are talking about villages of 1,000 or 2,000 inhabitants, where everyone knew each other. <br /> <br /> I come from this small island and I heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I must say that the film upset me, oh yes, it's true; but I also found it remarkably beautiful and moving. The initial violence was not invented by the director or the writer, that's what happened during the war. A child knowing that the father of his companion is part of the fascist team that killed his father? Completely possible. All that happened later? Possible too. Tuberculosis was real too. At that time, my island was not the resort he became. People were poor, illiterate and worked on small farms. After the war, we had difficult times. <br /> <br /> You will not find a war story in this movie, or at least the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the kind of most vicious war that occurs when space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors are fighting with their neighbors, when members of the same family are beat and live in a place where everyone knows. You will find an article on the damage that this type of war can cause to people and how they have survived, maybe not. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work done. made by the authors who adapted the novel and by all the actors, who managed to really sound in Mallorca. It was remarkable.
