(SPOILERS included) This film is surely the best Amicus production I've seen so far (although I still have a lot to watch). The House That Dripped Blood is an anthology of horror that contains four strange stories depicting the tenants of a vicious and infernal home located in the British countryside. A common mistake in productions like this is wasting too much energy in the enveloping story that links separate narratives. Peter Duffel's movie does not pay much attention to that. He's just talking about a Scotland Yard inspector coming to the house to investigate the last tenant's disappearance and learn about the bizarre events that took place there before. The four stories in this film are of excellent quality and form a healthy whole. Great expectations are allowed for this film, since it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the brilliant horror stage `Psycho '?? We also mark Peter Duffel's strong and professional debut as a director. <br /> <br /> The four stories ?? chapters if you want ?? in the blood-dripping house contains a good variety of topics, but they are (almost) just as scary and strange. Number one is about a horror writer who comes home with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a short while, he is haunted and harassed by the villain of his own imagination. The idea of ​​this tale is not really original, but it is very suspensive and the climax is rather surprising. The second story features Peter Cushing, legendary horror artist (The Hammer), a retired stockbroker. Always haunted by the image of an unattainable love lost for a long time, he falls on a wax statue that looks like him. Cushing is a joy to watch as always and ?? Even if the subject of wax museums is not new ?? this story is generally fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some delicious moments of shock and an atmosphere of constant tension. This is a great warm up for what is arguably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this one, since Christopher Lee offers a flawless portrait of a terrified father. He is very strict and strict with regard to his young daughter and the isolated guard of the outside world. Not without reason, since the little girl has a strange fascination with witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to Lee's excellent performance and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as a scary kid, this story also has a fantastic Gothic atmosphere! The devilish shades of this story, along with the scary sound effects of thunder, make this story a must-have for true horror fans. The fourth and final story, in which a vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire cloak he wears, is slightly weaker than the others when it comes to tension and credibility, but the overload of subtle mood more or less compensates for this. There's even a bit of room for parody in this story as the protagonist refers to co-starring Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element of this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of "The Vampire Lovers" is certainly one of the many highlights of the film - her cleavage in particular. <br /> <br /> No doubt about it? The house that shed Dripped Blood will be greatly appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe that, with a few soothing preparations, this could actually be one of the few movies that will terrify you and leave you with a great impression. An intelligent and convincing horror, as it should be! Highly recommended. A small additional note though: this film can not be repeated should in no way be confused with "The dormitory flowing with blood". The latter is an underground slasher of the 80s very irritating and lousy that has nothing in common with this film, except for the title he stole.
