The British production company Amicus is generally known to be the specialist of horror anthologies. This big omnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is without doubt the best production of Amicus I've seen so far (admittedly, I've seen many more to see, however). "The Flowing House" consists of four deliciously macabre tales, all located in the same strange mansion. These four stories are presented to you in a wonderfully gothic atmosphere and with one of the most beautiful ensemble ensembles imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors of all time), as well as Denholm Elliott and the lovely star of Ingrid Pitt in this movie - so what a real Horror fan could he afford to miss? Nobody, of course, and the film has a lot more to offer than a big cast. "The house flowing with blood" revolves around a strange rural mansion, in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first tale, "Method For Murder", tells the story of the horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who settles at home. with his wife. After moving in, the writer suddenly feels haunted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is an excellent kickoff of the film. The story is scary and macabre and the performances are overall very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) settles into the house and suddenly feels drawn to a mysterious wax museum in the neighboring city ... The great Peter Cushing delivers another sublime performance, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The story is delightfully strange and is the film's second best result, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet", is by far the scariest and brightest of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) settles with his granddaughter. Professor and Nanny Ms. Norton, employed by Mr. Reed to educate her daughter, is appalled by the severity of her employer's behavior towards her daughter and is eager to know why the overprotective father's perspective on Education may have ... The best segment maintains a very scary atmosphere and a truly scary plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, superb in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also a very good nanny and my congratulations go to Chloe Franks, then 11 years old. This ingenious segment alone is a must-see for all true Horror fans. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy mistress -star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is a satire, more than it is Horror. It's a very amusing satire, though, and there's a lot of hype about other horror movies. Henderson refers indirectly to Christopher Lee, who figures in the previous third segment ... <br /> <br /> The four segments have a delightfully macabre sense of humor and a pleasant mood. As noted above, the third segment is by far the scariest and largest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often humorous horror tales that all horror lovers should appreciate. An igenious atmosphere, a macabre sense of humor, a real authenticity and a brilliant distribution make it a place not to be missed. In short: "The house that lost blood" is an excellent Horror Omnibus that no amateur of the British horror could afford to miss. Highly recommended!
