Inspector Hollaway (a solid tour by John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of a famous thespian and reveals the gloomy past of a scary old house. The first and most banal tale, "Method for Murder" - The best-selling author Charles Hillyer (beautifully played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by images of the murderous demon he talks about in his latest book. Although this particular outing is too obvious and predictable to have anything special, it is still a real surprise. The second and most poignant anecdote, "Waxworks" - the lonely Philip Grayson (the ever-remarkable Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend, Neville Rogers (the splendid Joss Ackland) both come to grips with the stunning wax statue a murderous murderous murderer. Third and most scary vignette, "Sweets to the Sweet" - The quiet, reserved and secret widower John Reid (a typical Christopher Lee in a rare semi-friendly role) hires the nanny Ann Norton (the beautiful Nyree Dawn Porter) for s take care of his seemingly cute and harmless girl, Jane (a remarkably frightening and annoying performance of the adorable Chloe Franks). This remarkable frightful episode is troubled by the exceptional action of gifted actress Franks, who projects a truly disturbing sense of uneasiness hidden beneath a deceptively sweet and innocent angelic glaze. Fourth and most fun title, "The Cloak" - Paul Henderson (ravishing horror movie star) has bought a mysterious coat that turns him into a vampire every time he wears it. This article is ideal for silly fun and enjoy the succulent Ingrid Pitt's pulchritudinous presence as a seductive vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, who works from a deliciously macabre and witty scenario by the famous horror scribe Robert Bloch, maintains a vivid rhythm throughout his career and manages to create a truly mysterious atmosphere. Congratulations are also in order for Ray Parslow's clean cinematography and Michael Dress's shuddering score. Highly recommended for bus enthusiasts scare.
