I will admit to having a bias when considering this document because it was my introduction to the series. I saw this film for the first time in ~ 2005 late night, "Fear Friday", on AMC, which often releases such obscure gems of this kind for new generations. I made a point of looking at the entire series of Amicus anthologies before rereading one of them here to make sure I had a perspective. In rethinking, I always prefer the house that lost blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt, then by Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series charming --- the vintage A 60/70 style cinematography, lugubrious narratives to crazy, wacky and great britannicity throughout the music accompaniment ---- are better coordinated here than all others. The film is centered on a very old English country house and the misfortune that strikes everyone who lives in it. <br /> <br /> The first story features a horror writer and his wife, who settled in this isolated place for a break. the city so he can focus on his passion. He creates a murderous character called Dominic and soon begins to have great difficulty distinguishing reality from fiction. There is a subtle physchelia through his torment that I found amusing but terrifying. Oh, and those horrible supporting teeth (again, they are British actors, maybe the REAL ones !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of an old man lonely (Peter Cushing) who has moved here to escape his loneliness, but that only gets worse because he is haunted by a lost love. He seems to have found possible salvation in a local wax museum (very scary), but it turns out he would have been much better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (my favorite British horror actor) as a single father with a rather disturbed and completely scary girl. He's constantly wary of her getting into things she should not - like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for that, with good reason. Lee is superb here as an icy disciplinary, this man has a real talent for playing characters totally devoid of heat! But despite his efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and bad things follow ...... <br /> <br /> This last story tells the story of an old cynical and veteran actor who Feel the young director he works with is not qualified to capture a real vampire movie, because of the quality of the costumes and his particular coat. He goes to an old curiosity shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something more "authentic". He hardly knows he has picked up a really authentic vampire coat! Putting it on the stroke of midnight has quite noticeable effects. By the time I arrived at this fourth and last story, it was after 3 am and I could not stay awake the first time (no trouble). But I have experienced things that I have hundreds of times, a curious bonding experience that I have with movies or music when I fall asleep and that the movie / music becomes part of my dream !! Very funny !! This strange story was perfect for that and seemed a lot scary the first time it was really because I woke up just when it was levitated by the power of the cloak and could not fully understand what was going on in the beginning. Shortly after, the charming Ingrid Pitt, an actress on her set, came to visit him and warned him not to put on his coat at midnight - but he did not need to worry, because she was a real vampire herself. The clatter that followed as she flew towards him on the stairs was simply hysterical !! And still in my half-asleep state, seemed rather confusing! Side note: Be sure to lure Lee and Pitt with Amicus superstar Britt Ekland in the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the intertwined commentary between the stories, but based on the stories themselves, it's a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the 4th because it makes me smile so much. Very strongly recommended to horror fans and if you are a British horror fan, it's mandatory! I would say it's worth watching the series in chronological order if you can. The last film in this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3 or 4 films, with the exception of the sometimes mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like one, you should all watch them at least once. You will probably come back several times to watch your favorites.
