Linking story: another viewing for the first time for me and, again, it's one of the most popular anthologies of Amicus - and it's easy to see why, although I realize that the title rather insignificant the film could be misleading; I liked the choice of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (which, by the way, is a classic piece of Schubert that is heard in the film during the episode of Peter Cushing) - a lot more. Although the linking device itself is not so great, the episodes are just as appealing and enjoyable. The production values ​​are very respectable for the budget with which Duffell had to work. The latter infuses the film with a style unusual for this type of film and, frankly, we regret the fact that it wants to stand out of the genre (even more not to be typified <br /> <br /> Now let's go to individual stories themselves: <br /> <br /> "Method For Murder": the opening segment does not offer any real surprises but, to compensate for this, it is sometimes slightly suspensive and appropriately scary (the "bad guy" "fictional" of Tom Adams resembling the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff of THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]), it ends with a satisfactory twist of the DIABOLIC type and has a rather intense role for Denholm Elliott in mind. That's all we need, really. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": for the second story, we are exposed to a curiously romantic atmosphere, which is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (and i mpeccably dressed) in the role of two aching lovers of a woman who continues to obsess them even after so long and whose friendly rivalry can only drive them blindly and inexorably to one. a destiny that is literally worse than death; a disturbing hallucination scene with Peter Cushing is quite well done in view of the limited resources at our disposal, and the inexplicable incapacity - or refusal - of Ackland to leave the city, somewhat reminiscent of the aristocratic prisoners Bunuel, THE EXTERMINTING ANGEL (1962). > <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": This is perhaps the best episode of all. Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and his talent is ambiguous here. He is accompanied by a listener, Nyree Dawn Porter, and Chloe's misleading innocence. Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The treatment of the occult by the film is here at once subtle and mature, resulting in a powerful and extremely cold "curtain". Anecdotal note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the featurette included on the record and when I saw her, I felt an immediate familiarity with her face, but I could not quite put my finger on it. Later, when I read her filmography, it was revealed to me that she had played one of the leading roles in the long theatrical adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in the West End of London, that my brother and I we had the chance to discover. we were there on vacation in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we did not know then that she had already created such a delicate - and delightful - representation of pure evil, mainly because of her peculiar look and devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a wacky but strangely respectful vampire tale (which always manages to demystify many myths related to the subgenre, while inventing new ones!) cinema and, at one time given, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as a camper horror star who gets more than he expected when he tried to bring a measure of authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt displays her image well, although her role is somewhat subsidiary to the procedure; Geoffrey Bayldon (composed to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has a weird side; the 'silent movie' style of the end was daring enough to draw the audience, I suppose - and, even if some of the humor seems heavy, THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) is also quite contagious and finishes the film on a high note (and very unusual)! <br /> <br /> The audio and video quality is relatively satisfactory, since I did not have another version with which to compare it; the main culprit is noticeable print damage, but these are never unpleasant enough to spoil the movie's enjoyment. As for the extras, starting with the audio commentary: frankly, this is one of the best conversations about a genre film that I remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby confirms his opinion more deeply than usual for a moderator, but his efforts certainly allow director Peter Duffell to approach all aspects of production (whereas with other films, you expect to have more more!) and, as such, it is an extremely enjoyable track that completes the main functionality very well. The star "A-Rated Horror Film" is a worthy effort with Peter Duffell again on the scene, but this time with valuable contributions, though too brief, from producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also have movie ratings, reviews, biographies, and a gallery of posters / photos that, again, are beautifully assembled (contemporary reviews being a novelty - and a welcome addition).
