Holloway skeptic investigator (John Bennett), a Scotland Yard investigator, tells four stories of terror about what's going on in a frightening old mansion while he's investigating the fate of the last occupant of the house who leaked the blood. hardly find the words to describe the true genius that is "The house that shed blood". This horror anthology of the seventies is quite remarkable in that a film so visually innocent is able to induce in horror even in the most insightful spectators. Incredibly, the number of representations of violence on the screen can be counted on the one hand, but the film is still capable of representing brutality and manages to evoke the most horrible images in the viewer's imagination, while refraining from taking the obvious path of graphic violence. In a rare film of the horror of the early '70s, the technical details of the film are virtually flawless, flawless performances of the cast of stars (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the superb with the permission of Peter Duffell and the master of the macabre writer Robert Bloch (the author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints that we can have with ?? The House That Dripped Blood 'are the somewhat sinister intrigues at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the picture, but even these little details fail to detract from the pleasure of watching. <br /> <br /> The first segment, titled "Method for a Murder", tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror writer who praises the terrifying home while he works at his last novel . While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the murderous character of his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character takes on a surprising air of credibility. The key to this segment, like any other, lies in the mystery surrounding the events unfolding. The viewer is left wondering if the sight of Dominic's murderous character is just a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder or if the character is really there. Duffell's management manages to create a disturbing atmosphere, coupled with a slow and methodical approach to generate the tension and suspense needed to make the segment exciting. <br /> <br /> The next segment introduces Peter Cushing as the new occupant of the sinister house. During a trip to the city, he meets a museum of wax on horrors and decides to venture there. He discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman who seems far too familiar. The character of Cushing (Philip) is then joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wants to visit the museum, much to the dismay of Philip. In this segment, the viewer receives only very subtle clues about the mystery of the wax woman, but in general, he remains in the dark. This story is much less tense, but the segment still manages to retain its mysterious air through a particularly heart-wrenching sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. The management of Duffell is once again exceptional and, although it is probably the lowest of the four stories, there is no doubt that thanks to a creative direction and a credible actor, Waxworks remains an entry charming in the movie. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' is followed by what is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments ?? "Candy candies". Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reid, the father of a young girl who has an inexplicable fear of fire, to which a caring nanny, Ann Norton (the Nyree Dawn Porter), quickly remedied the situation. However, John seems to have a dark secret about the family. "Sweets to the Sweet" is unquestionably the simplest and most complex of the four stories and that is why the segment is undeniably attractive to the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues are revealed about the truth behind the family, but it is only during the extremely horrific final scene that everything is perfectly in place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the agonizing atmosphere that made the film complete. "Sweets to the Sweet" is a sustained exercise of fear that grabs the viewer by the throat and refuses to let go until the excruciating cries that end end the play. Personally, I believe this short segment would have made an entertaining and haunting feature film and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with the story surrounding the artist missing the investigator was interested in the origin. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt are the two performers currently working on a horror movie. The character of Pertwee is disgusted by the amateur production and the props of the film. So he buys his own vampire coat from a strange mystery shop. However, strange things begin to happen when he wears the cloak and he soon begins to fear the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among the events, is a good way to conclude a wonderful anthology. Although there is an irrefutable air of camp on the segment, it is in a way what makes the story so pleasant. Unfortunately, there are few things in this segment that could be considered scary in any way and the predictable end could have been better executed, but the segment still has redeeming features. Horrors should absolutely watch Pertwee's brief commentary on Dracula's portrait by Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This slightly comical and light approach of the last segment is essentially an adequate and almost natural way to complete the image, even if it drops the film compared to previous examples of horror caused by suspense. <br /> <br /> In summary, The House That Dripped Blood is one of the largest horror anthologies featuring an incredible cast, great stories and flawless direction. There are certainly far worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and, if the fans of blood and courage will be very disappointed, fans of more tense horror efforts should enjoy this movie with immense joy. My rating for ?? The house that lost blood '?? 8/10.
