Horror omnibus movies were popular in the seventies. I do not like them very much myself, but this one is definitely an excellent slice of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus. It presents four stories surrounding a scary old house of the country. A real estate agent talks to a Scotland Yard agent. <br /> <br /> This film is titled by three well-known stars of horror cinema; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in Britain's greatest horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the film, entitled "Method For Murder", tells the story of an author of horror stories whose creation; a stranger named "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds the suspense very well; through his girlfriend, he and the public are led to believe that what he sees is the product of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it compensates for its lack of originality by the atmosphere it creates and its final turn; which works incredibly well and was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, titled "Waxworks", stars Peter Cushing and is my favorite of the four. This tale follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture there. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and whom we will discover later as a murderer. One never really explains what the woman's relationship with Phillip involved, but the narrative relies more on the mystery to build suspense rather than plot details. Cushing is later joined by his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that's when the story really starts to make itself heard. The creation of a wax museum filled with assassins for a horror film is not a new idea; the same scenery was used successfully in the 1966 horror film "Chamber of Horrors". Although it is not as big as that of the aforementioned film, the power of the scenery is used for a horrible effect, obtained largely by a feeling of claustrophobia, caused by the limited area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch and see him avoiding a crazy ax wielding is a treat for the horror fan. Despite the fact that I am the least favorite, this story is still as fun and interesting not to give up this anthology. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best of the highway. This story features the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played. This lets the audience guess; we know there is something wrong with the father or daughter, but we do not know who or what. Christopher Lee, as usual, describes his character with many sinister; the audience is puzzled about his actions regarding giving a doll to his daughter and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or to have toys. The map showing exactly why stands close to the chest until the end, as illustrated by the frightening retort in which Lee tells his babysitter that he is scared of his daughter. The end of this section is superbly played. In my opinion, this is one of the best endings of any horror story ever told and it will stay with you long after the endgame list. <br /> <br /> The bus ends with "The Cloak", which is certainly the most comic of the four. This tale tells the story of a horror movie star who, without being impressed by the technical side of his latest film, will buy a coat. Naturally, this coat turns out to be a real vampire coat. Unlike the other three tales, this one seems to be played mostly for laughs. This is not a bad thing though, because the majority of the humor is funny and contrasts nicely with the rest of the movie. The end of this story nicely coincides with the end of the wraparound story of the film, which is a very sinister and yet amusing end to a very good movie. Also, watch the little jokes about Christopher Lee at Dracula. A nice touch, I think. <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a horror highway, you really can not go wrong with The House That Dripped Blood. The third story alone makes the film worthy of your time and it is a very solid horror film.
