Preminger's adaptation of G.B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (Graham Greene script) sparked one of the worst critical reactions of his time. He was vilified by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the public who did not react to a film devoid of the piety and glamor expected of a historical spectacle. As in "Peeping Tom", the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (his current name is Joan of Arc, but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original piece, not just literal emotional level but formally too. His film is a Brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions, division within and outside various factions eager to seize power. As such, we are not allowed to identify ourselves emotionally with any of the characters, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life offers a strange parallel to his role here), she is presented as an innocent, purity figure whose actions and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in everyone. As such, Seberg plays it both as holy and insane. Her lack of experience as an actress when she directed this film (which appears in places) reflects the freshness and youth of Jeanne, revealing at the same time that Jeanne the Maid is a humble illiterate peasant who came out to protect her village and its natural intelligence. In any case she did not deserve the sharp criticism she had at the first release of the film is a performance well beyond the ken and the call of any first actress without experience as an actress. Shaw and Preminger have adopted a secular vision of Joan, considering her as a feminist of the medieval era, who is not content with being a rustic girl whose destiny is to marry or be a whore picked up by soldiers on the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions that she mixes with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" carry her to carry the armor of her fellow soldiers to lead them to battle to chase the invading Englishman out of La France. <BR /> <br /> And yet, we can say that the film is more interested in the court of the Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the office of the clergy who judge Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably interpreted) and to the actions of the Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) then in Joan herself. The superb ensemble (all men) represents Machievellian opportunists (though history precedes Niccolo) who treat religion as a childish toy to use and manipulate for one's own ends. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors a lot of fun to let go. John Gielgud is the eminently rational count whose intelligence (even if accompanied by corruption) allows him to accurately calculate how he can ensure that Joan is burned, and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian. give Joan a fair trial that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as a dolphin is a real revelation. Unlike a casting choice you will ever find, Widmark portrays France's future weak ruler in a frenzied and comic caricature that is as close as this film comes to comedy. A comic performance that resembles an imitation of Jerry Lewis much more than a future impetuous ruler of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, the director of photography is Georges Perinal who worked with René Clair and who did "The life and death of Colonel Blimp" in colour. It is perfectly sober to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Preminger's preference for tracking long, uninterrupted shots is critical to the film's effectiveness. No trace of movement lost in his staging. <br /> <br /> It also marks the direction that Preminger is taking. mature (and the most neglected period), it focuses on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, on the functioning of the institution and on how the individual acts according to its principles. These themes are treated in the most direct way in his film and, as always, he preserves things and finds no answer in black and white. This is one of his best and most effective films.
