Fräulein Doktor is as convincing as the decline of the Western European film industry over the last 40 years. Then, at the end of the sixties, while the big Hollywood studios were on ropes, Italy, France and England were producing films to fill the void left by the decline of Hollywood. There were James Bond's pictures (Doctor No was a surprise hit in the US, it was first published in the Century theater chain in New York with an admission price of 99 cents after -midi), the Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns (with A Fistful of Dollars published by a distributor who never paid the Italian producers) and French crime movies that usually went to art houses, with a few exceptions like The Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions like Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With his big budget for the time and the global talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough for viewers to still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, as a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doktor where he tells a captured spy to talk or play the wall game. The wall being in front of a firing squad, there is little chance that the spy wins the game. This kind of cynical attitude played well across national borders, at the time of the Vietnam War in 1969. <br /> <br /> The tormented scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not harm to the chances of these performers getting roles in Hollywood movies, The Hollywood studios were giving up their distribution and production activities abroad. Fox would no longer co-produce films like The Sicilian Clan, Columbia would not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further by cutting almost all film production, selling his chain of cinemas in India for the value of the land below and releasing the facilities of his studio in Borehamwood, while Kerkorian looted the studio to collect funds for the construction of its casino in Las Vegas (where a casino gift shop sold MGM memorabilia at attractive prices, what was left of the auction of MGM's accessory stores). <br /> <br /> Paramount distributes Fräulein Doktor, but Charles Bludhorn of Gulf and Western, who took over the company and keeps the old board of the studio unloaded the film library of the studio on Universal (if I remember well) and was really interested in the movies after the head of production, Robert Evans, started shooting one after the other. But it was in the 70s. Fräulein Doktor and his lesbian scene were buried, with film versions of the film airing on local channels during the 1980s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was generally regarded as a gruff guy when he was older, especially at the BBC detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he embodied his reserved British officer. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the opportunity to be much harder than usual, if I remember correctly. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is correct, of its role and, of course, of these cavalry horses wearing gas masks and protective covers to get to the fight. It was a scene and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director, realizing this spy film of the First World War, where the money spent in production values ​​actually appears on the screen.
