EL MAR is a cinematic work of hard, hard, absolutely brilliant cinematography. The director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel, created a film that traces the profound effects of war on the minds of children and the consequences of this exhibition for adults. . And while the focus is on the odious tattoo of the war on children, the transfer of similar effects on soldiers and citizens as adults is clear. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to pamphleteers: the end result has a much greater impact because of its inherent history as a result of the children's walk to adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children is introduced to the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened with black-outs and invasive nocturnal massacres. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the terror of the assassination of men and the revenge that leads one of them to murder and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, carrying all of the psychic illness and trauma suppressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> We then meet the three children who survive to adulthood where they are all confined to a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a prostitute, protected by her "john" Morell (Juli Mira) and kept her private lifestyle. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a sexually repressed and fragile homosexual man whose coverage is his commitment to Catholicism and the vagueness of self-mutilation / delusional crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serves patients in the sanatorium. All three are joined by their environment in the sanatorium and everyone slowly reveals the scars of their experiences of war with children. Tur aspires to Ramala's love, Ramala aspires to free herself from her nightshade and Francisca has to face her own internal needs covered by the habit of her white nun. <br /> <br /> The framework of the sanitarium provides a graphic plan where the thin A thread between life and death, between desire and love, and between dedication and destruction is played. Further detail would destroy the impact of the film on the viewer, but suffice to say that graphic sex and total nudity are involved (in some of the most astonishingly raw images ever recorded on the film) and the viewer should be ready to attend every form of brutality imaginable. For this viewer, these scenes are of utmost importance and the director Villaronga must be commended for his perseverance and courage in making this story so intense. The actors, children and adults, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are particularly well suited for extremely difficult roles. Jaime Peracaula's cinematography and Javier Navarrete's bewitching musical score serve the director's vision. A difficult film, but highly recommended for those who do not fear facing the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
