"Gespenster" Question of being cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not many German films in the last ten years that interest me so much. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in this movie "Gespenster". It is on some places to cook to be good to see. Special figure Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it's still in German movies. Everyone has to learn this coolneß - is realism in this movie. It's difficult to understand. But in this case, it makes sense, because she steals and she lies - she is the kind of girl who is better not to love her because she is lost. It's not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves him - and she would lose her. But Nina has lost everything. She will play with a sweet emotion and a feeling of sadness. There is no way - but you have to take it, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. This is often what happens in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not in the laws of society - she is outside - and there she has no chance. This film does not try on every place to give it a part inside. This is one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw it away - and go nowhere! But the actress plays this difficult role very interesting. On the other side - there are the parents - who are the counterpart of the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with opera music. But the film is still far enough away to appear. There are not many explanations about them. <br /> <br /> At the center of this film, there is a scene you will never forget. Both girls had a casting. And there, they should say how they find together. In this scene, Toni will be lying down. She said that a fantastic story has nothing to do with it. And then, Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversion way. There is no exposure in it. She looks down and says what will happen to here. It's a great moment. In the following scene of the party with images in red, this feeling continues: Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the film will end - in the German way of coolneß - garbage - here is the circle of sadness is closing. But there was a moment - where something else is going on - and that moment was important. He's more than German coolneß - and those moments are rare in German cinema right now!
