"Gespenster" (2005), with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), forms the trilogy Gespenster of director Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German directors of cream-Of-the-cream < Basically, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped at the age of 3 while the mother turned her head for 1 minute in Berlin - and has never been seen. Since then, the mother has continued to travel to Berlin whenever possible and is seeking, with the help of time-diluted photographs, girls aged about the current age. As we will see later in the film, the mother was already often convinced to have found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when she meets Nina, everything is very different. <br /> <br /> The film provides no solution, not even a partial solution, and to the extent that it is rather disappointing. We are also not equipped to decide whether the mother is really crazy or not, whether her daughter is still alive or not. The most disappointing is the end. After what we saw in the film, it is an imposition for the observer that he is left alone while the author leaves Nina alone. The simple act of moving away, symbolizing that nothing has changed, can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (for example in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster" it is displaced. <br /> <br /> Since critics have suggested Freudian motifs in this film, let me make my own attempt: why do not similar people know each other, especially not the people that another similar person knows? It is a foolish question, from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, that the notion of the individual is valid. The individual is a person who shares none of his defining characteristics with anyone. The Aristotelian answer to my question is therefore: they do not know each other because their similarity is a pure change. All those who are not crazy, believe that. However, what about the case if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly be changed, for example scarves under the left ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context in which this film is made, although I'm not sure that even the director has understood it. In spite of our modern Aristotelian world, superstition has preserved in the mythologies of people all over the world that like-minded people also share a part of their individuality, and that this individuality is not something erratic, but rather diffusive. so that the boundaries between people are open, such beliefs and other similar foundations constitute a solid foundation of irrationality, despite our otherwise highly rational thought - a most interesting source of Gespenster.
