I am always surprised to see how many times you will see something from the Second World War on German national television. One might think they do not like to open old wounds, but there is not a week without a documentary or film about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way of dealing with their past, I do not know, but you certainly can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries are really worth watching, because they never try to hide the truth and the same can be said of their films (think for example "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall "maybe now) that are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". It tells a true story and deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the war, even if the film begins with a family in the United States, at the present time. After the death of Hannah's father, her mother suddenly became an Orthodox Jew, even though she had never been very religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but as she begins to dig into her mother's troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she has learned about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film deals with the subject of mixed marriages under the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. As far as I know, there was no film dealing with this subject. (For those who did not yet know: being married to a so-called pure Aryan man or woman meant for many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they had to work in a factory.). But that does not just say something about the problems of mixed marriages, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and parents. As it was sometimes difficult during the Nazi regime and how these people, mostly women, were doing everything in their power to free their men, once captured and locked up, for example in Rosenstrasse ... The game of actors is really good and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really make it to me (and it is exactly the only one aspect that you will see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left out a lot of what's happening nowadays. At least in the part of the United States, because the part Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows more about her mother's past certainly works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in everything that has something to do with World War II, and if you do not necessarily look for a lot of action scenes, then it's really a film that you should see. It's not a film in which you'll see battles or shootings, but it's certainly an interesting film, because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war that we know very little about. I give him an 8/10.
