In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta mixes two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama of separation between a mother and her daughter and the story of German women who organized a protest on Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from certain exterminations. In addition to staging historical events, the film focuses on the preservation of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the experience of the child who lost his mother. Although Mrs von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has had an impact, she does not use it to excuse German society. Indeed, it shows how, in the midst of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of German high society have told their lives and their parties, forgetting the suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit Shiva, a seven-day mourning period that takes place after a burial at during which members of the Jewish family devote all their attention to remembering and mourning the deceased. When Hannah (Maria Schrader) is banned from receiving phone calls from her non-Jewish fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), Hannah wonders why her mother suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition she had previously rejected . When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah questions her and discovers a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis. She swore to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. . <br /> <br /> Her quest leads her to Berlin where she finds Lena (now 90-year-old Doris Schade) and interviews her under the pretext that she is a journalist doing research on some aspects of the Holocaust. Lena recounts how, as a 33-year-old girl (Katja Reimann), she sought out her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who had disappeared and was presumed to have been imprisoned despite the protection normally accorded to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant interpretation of Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held in an old Rosenstrasse factory. <br /> <br /> In the icy night, Germans whose husbands are missing gather outside the building, the number increases each day to a thousand cries: "Give us our husbands ". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and relieves her after the murder of her mother. Lena comes from a German aristocratic family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is an officer of the Wehrmacht. After being deprived of her father's help to free Fabian, she asks her brother's help who says to a fellow officer, "I know what they do to the Jews, I saw him." Thanks to her support, she is daring enough to get around the chains and get to the top, where her beauty and charm are irresistible to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known women runner. While this fictional part of the film was criticized for degrading the protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels has been very active in Rosenstrasse decision-making. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. She made a film about the socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, about the relationship between two sisters, one of whom uses political violence to achieve her liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film she worked on for eight years, she had to compromise by adding the current fictional element for her film to be produced. It works so well is a tribute to the artistic talent of Mrs. von Trotta and the beautiful scenario of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events in Rosenstrasse belie the Germans, who say that "there was nothing to do". Now, Von Trotta proved that the opposite was true, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example was not retained.
