I do not think many movies (especially comedies) have added a memorable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate this - you can see a remarkably long list of quotes on this subject - but any movie that can make the defense a subject such as the defense of using expensive copper pipes rather than brass for plumbing purposes surprise me. This is not the only line that appears and prints in our memory. How about a waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it will result in the loss of an old single client? Or a nice old dog lover encouraging his pack to scream at the moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney) described a student's juvenile promise as "a moonlight in a martini" (my favorite phrase). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant writing, irreproachable direction and a good ensemble that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but a more sinister one). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in intrigue and opposing goals that examine the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that true love makes the individual mad (and Cage has a glimmer of realization too, when Cher and he argue in front of their home after they return from the opera Bohemian). Is the infidelity of men a way of avoiding thoughts of death? Dukakis believes him and (oddly enough - though he is not totally convinced) Aiello. Luck reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes very early that Gardenia's strange behavior is linked to infidelity, and Cher literally falls on Gardenia and his girlfriend at the opera (but Gardenia also falls on Cher's similar infidelity in Aiello). But chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles over Dukakis who walks with John Mahoney and thinks she has a love affair. <br /> <br /> The film also contains pleasant little moments. Cher's observation of the flowers leading to it. She heard the argument in the liquor store and its resolution. But the best is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and aunt, Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi, as well as Rita's lovely and kind comment to Raymond on the effect of the moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's almost a perfect movie. After seeing him more than a dozen times in as many years, I can only find two points that do not seem as fluid as they should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, her assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) explains how secretly she is in love with Cage, but is afraid to tell him. A little earlier, she was slightly quirky towards Cher, who quickly put it back in her place. Yet, nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit the daily benefits of her uncle and aunt is mentioned momentarily in the last seven minutes of the film - but is just as quickly abandoned. Should there be intrigues that have been abandoned, in addition to that concerning Cher and Vincent Gardenia who were working in a homeless shelter as a penance? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's based on the desire to see more of this film because it's really very good.
