The bitter-sweet turn of this film contains a marvelous element of romance that evokes an impetuous passion! These characteristics of the idealistic imagery that "Moonstruck" possesses incite almost all of Hollywood's eminent critics. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, simply, they are "old". "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that evokes the naivety of an old Italian neighborhood in New York. New York City has always been a great melting pot galvanized by many quarrels - some mannerisms that are representative of typical New Yorkers, this also includes many Italian-Americans living in New York City! The middle and late eighties led to the abrupt conclusion of many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes. Ethnic polarization was a scourge firmly rooted in American history and was much more prevalent several generations before the making of this film. These widespread trends still exist today, however, they are more peaceful and less identifiable! For this Italian family from a bygone era, confusion, indecision, agitation and yes, of course, love, all have the comic comradeship of a completely human understanding! The spirit related with everyone in "Moonstruck" seems to be that of understanding individual weaknesses. One can wonder about the main role played by Cher, because she is better known as an artist than first star of cinema in cinema. In "Moonstruck", however, I think she was incredibly well suited to her role and proved quite credible in a relatively incredible situation. All characters in "Moonstruck" are very hard, very hard, and are not afraid to make a great duel with adversity. The most hilarious aspect of their life is imperfection, and they are perfectly aware that the fact of facing the storm does have a constructive purpose! I thought that playing in this movie was sensational. All the relationships in this film offer a potential for bright illumination, because everyone knows what the basic nature of others looks like! For this family, nothing is glamorous, nothing is pretentiously romantic and nothing is too emotional (moderately). The fact is that this whole family is clearly and perpetually afflicted and invaded by an extremely zealous and frank cupid in all their lives. Taking the rays of the moon to the letter can actually have an annoying impact on resolution, disguised mystique and resistance to the proverbial. So meaning everything !! The intimate and mercurial principle of this film is fundamentally one of the following: Be honest, be angry; Be honest, be confrontational; Be honest, be deformed and emphatic; Most important; Be honest and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance as an actress !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were wonderfully flawed in "Moonstruck". Such performances of these three were perfectly adapted to the kinetic energy of the characters of this film! The director Norman Jewison (famous for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair", and the most famous for "In The Heat Of The Night" who won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967) describes many instincts lively and humanistic in the process of solving the deliberate incongruity of this film! I am of American origin of Italian origin (in any case in part), Cher is not Italian and, besides, neither the writer nor the director! I guess since non-Italians like to eat our food, they can also use our culture to make a fabulous movie too! It's comforting to know that a movie can be wonderful and end incredibly well! For those of you who do not like this movie, I have only one thing to say: "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is totally happy, go lucky! Totally eighty! and totally five stars !! To see him !!
