Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a widowed woman, about 30 years old, who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is betrothed with Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a bland man, more by a resigned duty than by true love. Before their wedding, Johnny goes to his sick mother's house and leaves Loretta to play olive leaf with her brother Ronny, notifying her of their impending marriage. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny the cause of his accident that caused him the loss of his hand (and subsequently, his future wife), but he falls for Loretta. After a stormy affair, Loretta, out of respect for Johnny, tries to avoid Ronny, but his dark looks and irresistible masculinity prevail. Meanwhile, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis), Loretta's mother, suspects not only her husband, Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), to see another woman, but herself is the subject of a teacher's admiration university and wonders why men are being pursued. Things get complicated when Johnny returns to Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not be married. <br /> <br /> The setup is a pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of Italian-Americans in New York, is sincere: it includes the idiosyncrasies of these people, their weaknesses and their daily quirks, and all the characters have a deep romanticism that manifests itself at key moments in the story. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are slim, slowly emerges as a woman so swept away by the sudden recognition of love that she becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one who recognizes the love of the man with the wooden hand (in a skillful reversal of genre), and Cher lives the role and makes it his own and in his own style subtly transforms his frumpiness to a dark and profound beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage exudes male power as if channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini and Cappomaggi, who counterbalance the central couple, express their love for each other in two crucial moments: the last couple, the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny consume their story the intimacy between the two. Seniors - and the first at a moment of tension at breakfast when Rose reveals bluntly, in touching words, that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and the date film of choice, but also a beautiful review of the love and passion of ordinary people. The end is a tour de force of emotional impact, the family situation going beyond the momentary complications to cement it in the tradition going back to the time of the immigrants, and which raises this film from a simple film of well-being to a classic. MOONSTRUCK has rightly earned her Oscars for Best Screenplay, Actress and Supporting Actor, and has proven that it has developed beyond her time.
