I saw Heartland when it came out in 1980 and I have just seen it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not reserved for fans of "independent" movies. At a time when most American films are nothing more than cynical attempts to make money with computer-generated images, fireworks and / or vulgarity, Heartland resists a slice of American history. It also reminds us how much of us are modern, urbanized Americans. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film is overrated or staged. No one is calling for any Hollywood film speeches. The actors really live in their roles. It really looks like a "little" movie, but in reality it's bigger than most multi-million dollar Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better than that), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver but wants more opportunities. She proposes a post of governess. Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors) responded to this announcement. He is a Scottish-born rancher who lives on a family property outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the job (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move to Stewart's small house on the property. It is a hilly and treeless, a place of infinite views where silence is broken only by the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed to make a person feel small. The three characters spend long periods without seeing another human soul. Worse, Stewart is taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "I can not talk to the man," Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," Grandma replies. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two characters we see more than fleeting. She came from Germany to Wyoming with her husband several years ago and runs her ranch alone now that she is also a widow. Grandma is their closest neighbor (and the local midwife) and she still lives about 10 kilometers away! The other main character is Jack the Henchman (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's (and her employer's) routine is one of laborious and tiring work, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything has to be done, fixed or done by hand . This is the real wealth of the film: to observe the ordinary life of these breeders who fight against nature to extricate themselves from the earth. But despite the constant work and fatigue, Elinore is still looking for other opportunities. She learns that the land adjacent to Stewart is not claimed. Impulsively, she files a claim on the property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks salary!), Which means that if she lives there (and must live there) and works for ten years, she will get the act of it. Stewart naturally learns what she did. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, without livestock, without credit and without assets, she has no chance of succeeding. He proposes a solution: he proposes marriage. Elinore stunned realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts. <br /> <br /> We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants the land and the free labor --- but we see it well, In fact, he really likes Elinore and they grow up together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; she gives birth in the midst of a snow storm in the middle of winter; Clyde travels for hours on horseback in the storm that lasted ten miles to Grandma's and the ten miles back, only to announce that Grandma was not there. It's more like real life than pleasant. Elinore has the baby all by herself, without any help. Their son is still a child when he gets sick and dies. They lose half of their livestock because of the vicious winter. They fight. The last sequence of the film is supposed to be optimistic: The birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the first head, the calf is presented in a presentation of the panties. He and Elinore must physically remove the calf from the uterine canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, trickery, fake or special effects: What you see is what happened, people: a calf was born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn lit by a lamp. With that, the movie does not end until it stops, just leaving the viewer dissatisfied, but after a while, you enjoy the film as a whole, not just for its end. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and caring. It will be visible long after most of the films of the last generation have been forgotten.
