I am normally a fan of well-turned and well-played romantic films. It is a romantic film (period) taking place in Italy in the seventeenth century, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a vintage film means that it will inevitably be slower than movies shot in the modern era, so it will wear some. If you can ignore this fact, it's actually a very good movie. The sets, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and the actress are very convincing in their representations, projecting the intensity of the emotions that go through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is a faithful representation of the real characters. Despite the fact that the main characters and the scenario really touch me, I decide to check the validity of the story and discover that the main theme of the film's story - that of a sad unfinished love story - was completely made. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was first raped by Tassi, instead of voluntarily and passionately submitting to his advances as the film had described. She continued to have sex with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he had * not * acknowledged his guilt of pitiful rape for Artemisia's torture (contrary to what the film describes). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a cowardly and promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual drives. In the film, her sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and was having sex with her sister-in-law. sister-in-law (although he admits to having a wife in Florence). Needless to say, in reality it was not really that at all. In fact, far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, whom he had spawned. And to add to that, Tassi really had sex with his sister-in-law, soaking it up, but it was not really mutual as well - again, he had already raped his sister-in-law before. <br /> <br /> We now have a clear picture of the true Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we do with the film Artemisia describes as a lover? We view this as an attempt to turn this film into a romantic film ... that this film was never designed to be historically accurate ... Apart from these previous remarks, there were other historical inaccuracies, such as that her real-life interpretation, she was never really influenced by Tassi's painting style and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi.) One thing remains true: it's the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi has been recognized as the first female painter history, and although her mastery of art rivals many of her male peers, she has always struggled to get enough credits for her work because of her sex as a woman, in the 17th century in Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this film in itself, because it is a very good romantic drama, but take its historical references with a grain of salt.
