Giallo rock-rock of a master filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. Developed from a wonderful screenplay by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists to the awful finale that most people might not see happen throughout the film. "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of a husband (... in the explosion of a plane) and the million dollars that the woman receives. There are those who have a great interest in this money, one of them being the mistress of the deceased. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress who asks for half of the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows that the death has been arranged by her to get the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get this money. So already, the film produces two possible suspects in the assassination of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton describes Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who earn inheritance to see if payday has been collected by suspicious means. When, under his care, Lisa is killed by a man dressed in black from head to toe in his hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to inquire himself while assisting Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol Benton's agent (Tom Felleghy) in their search for the murderer. The assassin has struck several times, eliminating anyone who has turned around the million dollars missing confiscated by the murderer of Lisa. Soon, the film follows a reporter, Cléo Dupont (the delicious and sumptuous Anita Strindberg) as she and Peter meet for a dinner where she can try to find out anything that could make her lose a story. Soon, they fall deeply in love, but it seems that anyone who is near Peter is killed. Soon, someone attacks Cleo with the intention of killing, which pushes the investigation further into an unknown territory. Why would someone want to hurt a journalist without real facts being harmful to the person who kills people? <br /> <br /> This giallo is smart enough and exciting to follow. The film never goes to sleep, which is quite remarkable, so many things leave us open the question of the identity of the murderer. This film follows the trajectory of gialli with knife cuts due to some reason that the killer took (the throat and lower torso). The conclusion of the film summarizes all the complex difficulties and is very satisfying. The film has unique camera angles, but provides information in terms of driving the plot and executing the mystery.
