Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his Giallo classics, 'The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh' and the unforgettable title: 'Your vice is a closed room and I have only the key' - but despite that, I do not I was not expecting this film too much. The case of the tail of the scorpion is not mentioned as much as the aforementioned titles with respect to the classic discussion about Giallo - but I do not know why, because it is at least as good as these two! Dario Argento is perhaps the "king" of Giallo, but with the five films he has made, Sergio Martino is surely not far behind. In some ways, it even exceeds the master. All of Martino's films have come out before the jewel of Argento, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, so in the early 70's, Martino was the king! The intrigue here follows the idea of ​​profit-making murder, and follows the payment of the insurance of a rich man. His wife inherits a million dollars and it will not be long before people argue over his blood! When she is found dead soon after, an insurance investigator and a brave and seductive young journalist will follow suit. <br /> <br /> The case of the tail of the scorpion might not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but two of Martino's employees on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and All the Colors of Black, as well as on a number of other Giallos. Hilton is very present on the screen and I see it every time in an Italian thriller. it becomes obvious why he is thrown several times. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered as Your Vice, is a locked play, plays the lead role next to Hilton and perfectly provides the classic female lead role of Giallo. Sergio Martino is doing a great job again in the director's chair, with several beautiful scenes, the best of which takes place in a room bathed in green light! The score of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) gives the ideal tone, but it is the scenario that, once again, is the engine of Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer of the other four Giallo de Martino, has concocted an exciting scenario while staying away from Giallo's common trap of not making sense; thus releasing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The scorpion tail affair is a quality film made by Giallo and is a new success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love it!
