The case of Sergio Martino's scorpion tail is a quaint giallo of the early 70's of the genre. An explosion in an airplane generates a million dollars of insurance for a woman who is bereaved but unfaithful. A black-robed assassin then seizes the money and a series of brutal killings ensue. <br /> <br /> The tail of Scorpion plays the mystery element, written by the specialist giallo Ernesto Gastaldi, rather straightforward. But, being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and well organized. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence has no doubt prompted the giallo genre to move to an increasingly extreme territory. But like the best movies of its kind, the brutality is offset by a good score and an attractive photograph. Bruno Nicolai's music is sometimes reminiscent of Ennio Morricone's avant-garde work in The Bird with Crystal Plumage, but it is also very strong. Photography is helped by the pleasant use of foreign places - in this case, London and Athens - where Martino manages to enter, respectively, the Parliament and the Acropolis! There is also an inventive camera work, the most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs to the door where the maniac prowls out. In this particular scene, Martino asks the killer to pierce the door with a knife in the same way as Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage. However, the killer also tries to open the latch with the blade of a knife, which is repeated later by Argento in Suspiria. So, Martino's film is influential in itself. <br /> <br /> It's a good solid giallo that fans of the genre and non-genres can appreciate. The performance is good and the production values ​​correct (even if the explosion of the plane is, say, a little budget!). The release of the DVD by NoShame is nice. It has both English and Italian language options which is a real bonus. However, it should be noted that sometimes you have to be a quick reader to appreciate the English subtitles option. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the supplements. This is a minor point however, the release of the DVD is a valuable addition to any giallo collection.
