Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed a lot to Italian genre cinema and, as far as I know, his Gialli from the 1970s are the highlights of his impressive repertoire. "The Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Scorpion Narrative Case" of 1971 is one of those awesome films that Martino contributed to the most original subgenre of Italian Horror, and constitutes further proof that man is a master of the atmosphere, style and suspense. My personal favorite of the Martino films I have seen so far is still the incredibly brilliant "Your Vice is a closed room and I have only the key" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and from "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh" (1971), which I personally like more than this one. This remains a matter of personal taste, however, because "The Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for all fans of Italian horror cinema and suspense in general. <br /> <br /> The film, which delivers From the beginning, this seductive thriller has a complex and captivating plot that begins with the mysterious disappearance of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is responsible for verifying the circumstances in which the insurance company must pay a large sum to the deceased's wife. Shortly after the start of Lynch's investigation, a person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders ... <br /> <br /> "The case of the tail Scorpion "perfectly delivers all the elements of a great Giallo Needs. The film is surprisingly suspensive since the beginning, the score of Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully complicated and the identity of the killer remains mysterious until the end. Giallo's leading man, George Hilton, once again delivers an excellent performance. The sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely lovely in women. Among them are the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the brightest regulars in Italian genre cinema of the '60s and' 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be familiar to any Italian film lover. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is in fact an ideal setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly thrilling and the photography excellent. The ingenious score of Bruno Nicolai makes the suspense even more intense. Long story short: "The Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo of Sergio Martino and a must for any sub-genre lover! Elegant, suspenseful and excellent in every way!
