I'm really tempted to reward "The case of the scorpion's tail" with a solid 10 out of 10, but that would be largely because I think the Italian horror cinema of the 1970s is SO MUCH better than shit cheese that I usually watch. But even without an extra point for nostalgia, it's STILL a masterpiece and a high note for its extremely complicated story, its mysterious atmosphere, its blood-soaked killing sequences and its remarkable casting choices. In my humble opinion, this is actually Sergio Martino's best giallo, which must mean something, like "Mrs. Wardh's strange vice", "All the colors of darkness", "Torso" and " Your vice is a locked up. Room and only I have the key "are all achievements of the first order, but this film is only a little bit higher with its intriguing plot based on an insurance fraud become completely uncontrollable. of the special death of her husband in a plane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer quickly becomes the suspicious owner of a million dollars and she is eager to leave the country as soon as possible.Because of the strange circumstances, the insurance company hired their best investigator, Peter Lynch, and he follows her to Greece, where Lisa is the target of many assaults and the mystery of the affair worsens if it turns out that many people I'm always too worried when I briefly summarize gialli because I do not want to risk giving essential elements of the plot In "The case of the tail of the scorpion", the events take a It's abrupt and totally unexpected even before the story is half-way, and I certainly do not want to ruin it for you. Many red herrings follow, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and, even if he is not 100% satisfactory, the outcome is surprising to say the least. It is also a very elegant film, with imaginative camera work and excellent Bruno Nicolai music. Edwige Fenech, the favorite muse of the giallo, did not do the job (she plays in no less than 3 other supremes Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in the skin of a woman", "Who saw death ? ") is a replacement more than worthy of her. The charismatic and seductive George Hilton is as reliable as ever in his role as an insurance investigator and ?? duh ?? luxury man for ladies. If you're a giallo fan, do not wait until I watch this movie !!!
