Joan Crawford had just begun her "working class" phase with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried such a role before and the critics were impressed. So, while other actresses were wondering why their career was falling apart (because they clung to characters who had been "in" for a few years but who were passing), Joan Listened to the audience and ensured its longevity as an actress. The depression was there and the jazz age babies who survived a series of endless parties were frowned upon. Of course, if you became rich by immoral means but you suffered the consequences, everything was fine. <br /> <br /> This film begins with a spectacular house party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl - especially when she suggests to everyone to go swimming in underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (William Bakewell) both realize who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Poor Johnny Mack Brown) proposes to do the right thing and marry him - they had just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (with abandon) that she wanted him love with approval - she started showing character by deciding to find a job. <br /> <br /> She finds a job in a newspaper and impresses quickly with her willingness to do well.His work colleague is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) Together, they have the task of writing about the internal activities of the crowd, and Rodney surprises her with the news that he also has a job. smuggled into the cold-blooded killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable) Rodney attends a mass shootout and collapses, "knocking over the beans" in the first person he sees to drink at the bar - which happens to be Bert, then he has to kill Bert and hide himself The newspaper makes every effort to find Bert's murderer and sends Bonnie under cover as a dancer to one of Jake's clubs. (Joan makes a very lively dance for "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's dismay). The film ends with a shootout and while Rodney is dying, Bonnie calls in tears in her story. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie with Crawford and Gable giving it all. Natalie Moorehead, who as Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was an elegant "other woman" who was fashionable in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he had started in a Douglas Fairbanks movie in his mid-twenties). However, many of her roles were weak and unblemished characters. In this film, he was playing the weak brother and was completely eclipsed by Joan Crawford and dynamic newcomer Clark Gable. Maybe that's why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
