Ahista Ahista is a little bright little girl. I started to watch it and at first I was a little bored because the pace was slow and the main idea that a guy was meeting a lost girl was not really new. But over the course of the film, I began to be more and more involved in the film, its fantastic writing and its charming novel. The film was extremely simple and natural and after a while, I felt like I was looking at real documentation of a guy's life. There is a very good reason why the film has this impression is the new talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as a simple, generous and struggling Ankush, whose new love motivates him to be forgiven and to fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as an ordinary joker, but also as a helpful and loving person who, like everyone else, will do everything in his power to protect his love. Deol describes all the nuances of his character, whether positive or negative, naturally and simply. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. He describes very well the lives of the inhabitants of the rural areas, but it is even more impressive to describe Ankush's relations with the various people around him, including his friends and his love interest, Megha, that he is ready to do. anything for. I also loved how Nair describes his interaction with the strong, plump mother of his friend whom he calls "khala" (aunt). He likes to make her mad and annoy her at every opportunity, but we see that she occupies a very special place in her heart and is like a maternal figure for him, as evidenced by several scenes. Apart from Abhay, the rest of the cast played well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not stand out in my opinion, she was good and had the charm of her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as was the actress who played the "khala" of Ankush. <br /> <br /> Apart from the performances, the writing of the film was remarkable. The dialogues were both ordinary and brilliant, and the scenario was also fantastic. This is mainly because, despite a not-so-new story, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic and no attempt has been made to make it larger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was the uninteresting music of Himesh Reshammiya, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful watch and it only got better with every scene. The concept may not be new, but the film manages to get a new look and becomes more and more comforting throughout the story. The end was bittersweet, a little sad but optimistic. In a nutshell, this film moves slowly on you, and it can be easily attributed to the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the romantic charm, the realistic procedures and, of course, the memorable performance of Abhay Deol.
