This period melodrama is one of Griffith's first claustrophobic films. The characters imprisoned in a room are omnipresent in his work and, over time, he became more and more apt to portray their helplessness and to involve the public in their terror. In the Sealed Room, frankly titled, there is a major difference from the normal plot, as there is no escape possible. <br /> <br /> Griffith realizes the claustrophobic effect in two ways. The first is its use of space. While the typical Biograph short film can use at least a dozen series, The Sealed Room only offers two adjacent rooms ?? the king's court and the dove that becomes the eponymous grave. The scenography of these short films is rarely mentioned, but here it is crucial. The courtyard is a large interior, with a background evoking greater depth and showing us a window and a staircase. The actors come in and out of different directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the back wall of the dove's coast is very close to the camera and its angles suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it look even more confined. <br /> <br /> The second technique exposed here is the Cup. Anyone interested in Griffith's work will probably be aware of its intensive use and the development of cross-cutting techniques to create excitement or tension. Many will also know that, strictly speaking, this is not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross sections so effective is the way he navigates the opposing images so that they complement each other. The sealed room contains a good example of what I mean. The plans of the masons moving the heavy bricks have a slow step and step by step, the tension rises as the wall goes up. This movement is accompanied by the clichés of blissfully ignorant lovers, in which Marion Leonard snatches flower petals one by one. As the couple realizes the difficult situation in which they find themselves, their rising panic is added to the opposite shot of the king striking his sword madly against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith has not yet understood that the action could be intensified. further by introducing a third strand into the cross section. The spectacular "rescue to the rescue", absent here, would later become a standard climax for Griffith's images.
