In 1909, D.W. Griffith had been making films for the Biograph Company for about a year, and ?? to work two or three a week ?? was quickly starting to develop his filmmaking skills. 'The Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11-minute short, a fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that drifts even slightly into the realm of horror. The simple story was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 story, "The Barrel of Amontillado", about a powerful king who conceives a form of deliciously sadistic revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Set in medieval times, 'The Sealed Room' begins with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) who oversees the construction of a windowless room from a sequestered pigeon, the idea being that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. He is obviously very in love with her, always showing his affection, this last act being the culmination of his love. However, unbeknownst to the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic bond inside the specially constructed room, the woman and the minstrel are discovered and the broken-hearted king conceives a way to get his revenge on the ignorant couple. Silently, he orders his workers to seal the only door with stone and mortar, slowly descending into fearful madness as each new stone is laid. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always been attentive to the most acute details and "The Sealed Room" is an excellent early example. The sumptuous costumes of the medieval century give the film a sense of reality and the interior of the castle looks authentic enough to be credible. At the time, the director was also a pioneer in the creation of suspense and I must admit that, as the film progressed, I became obsessed with finding what would happen to young unlucky lovers. In the first minutes, Griffith limits his shots to long shots from a fixed camera (as usual at the time), but soon ?? parallel to the subject progressively darker ?? he modifies his editing tactics in a fascinating way. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith has played a crucial role in popularizing the use of "cross-processing" ?? that is, to alternate between different events occurring at the same time. Not only does this create a sense of continuity, but it also maximizes suspense, since we, as spectators, are well aware, not only of the horrible actions of the king, but also of the fact that the woman and the minstrel do not ignore it not. all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, "The Sealed Room" suffers from many shortcomings typical of this era. The entire film takes place in only two rooms, with images captured in three positions in total. It is therefore likely to become dull and monotonous sometimes. Actor performances are greatly exaggerated for an additional effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his excessive gambling actually contributed to the recognition of the growing madness of the betrayed king. A moment that I found particularly effective was when the two lovers tried to get out of the room, only to find their only door replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panic reactions, accompanied by the silent and maniacal silence of the king, serve very well to create an imminent feeling of claustrophobia. I thought, however, that their supply of oxygen was exhausted with surprising rapidity.
