After having had little chance of selling his screenplays to the new film industry during the first decade of the twentieth century, playwright DW in 1908 Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by Biograph Company as a film director. It was not really what Griffith expected when he decided to go into the movies, but he accepted the job. In less than a year, he became the most successful director of Biograph thanks to his original approach to filmmaking and the inventive invention of his story. Many years later, he will realize "The birth of a nation" in 1915, a film that will revolutionize the cinema and make it one of the first recognized authors of cinema. However, much of what would make him a great filmmaker is found in the many short films he made for Biograph Company in the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of them, as well as one of the few horror films of the very first decade of the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a 16th-century story in which a count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small, pleasant and very comfortable room, because it is intended to enjoy the love and companionship of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) more privately. However, the count does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, because she is infatuated with Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) at court, with whom she has an affair. As soon as the count begins to take care of his affairs, the countess calls the minstrel and the two lovers will take advantage of the count's new room. When the count returns, he discovers that she has disappeared and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in her room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden because he decides that his unfaithful wife is better punished: seal the room without a window where the couple is. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular contributor Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" incorporates elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado" and mainly from "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac to create a mesmerizing Gothic melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite a run time of 11 minutes, Woods's storyline develops the story very well and plays remarkably well with the horror elements of the story. Although melodrama in the soul, Woods focuses on the character of the count and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of these beginnings. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Woods' treatment of the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes this story a very entertaining and very different film from most of Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and suspense differently from his habits. While he often played with editing to create thrillers that excite his audience, his goal was to create despair and horror, playing with the claustrophobic feeling inherent in the source stories. It is interesting to see how the story begins as another of his melodramas and slowly, the rhythm becomes faster as the themes of horror begin to dominate the plot, resulting in his great use of editing for scenes finals. This is not a film where camera tricks are essential, but what shines the most in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent for directing his actors, as the legendary filmmaker manages to make the most of his actors with his usual natural style, far from the one that was the norm in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast was composed of the usual collaborators of Griffith, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as count. Johnson gives a great performance and really translates the transition from the loving husband character to the sadistic monster. Her performance is not exaggerated, but adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. As a countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and she is also very effective in her game, transmitting a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the handsome Minstrel and, while far from being one of his best performances, he manages to give a powerful action game that also adds a nice touch of comedy to the film . While it's not really important for the plot, it's nice to see other members of the Griffith Stock Company in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and the young Mary Pickford, noblemen at the time. Court. <br /> Masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise designed to create suspense and tension as did Griffith at the time. The film's decor is very good and, even though his budget is very low, Griffith's attention to details makes him very convincing and works perfectly with his staging style. The change of focus towards horror makes him stand out among his films of that time, and Johnson's performance as a sadistic comic makes him worthy of interest. While Griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) film "The Birth of a Nation", the first short films he made before him really give a good idea of ​​the evolution of techniques and of style that would make him a legend. . Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the twentieth century. 7/10
