Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (a pocket copy of which is part of my father's library), inspired by real events; it is perhaps the first film of this type and has a lot to answer ?? not just rigid examples like ALBERT, RN (1953, which I will look at later), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but much more well-known communiques from the other side of the Atlantic , namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This puts the foundations firmly enough: British soldiers interned in a German camp devise an ingenious escape plan, borrowing a page from a Greek legend ?? Dig under a rope jumping horse used during physical exercise and at the sight of his captors! In reality, the film is split into two halves: the first deals with the slow tunnel digging, which leads to the leak itself, while the last stages depict their fortunes outside the camp as they attempt to go to Sweden, a neutral city. Typically these British films, the cast presents several established stars (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and emerging (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), not to mention the countless actors of reliable characters (Anthony Dawson Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three leaders / escapees are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two remain united, the last one follows his own path ?? only to meet others on safety. As one might expect, the narrative involves a lot of suspense and excitement; as with most P.O.W. In sagas too, the female interest is reduced to the strict minimum. The director Lee did not have a long career ?? with this and the little similar (although with a change of frame and point of view) A CITY AS ALICE (1956) his most remarkable achievements ?? but it certainly dealt with every worrying situation in this case (even though, it seems, delays in filming saw Lee leave his post prematurely, leaving producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of solving his problems!). Anyway, we must mention the exquisite lighting (especially during the night sequences).
