Something about Virgin, 40, and the other summer hit, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but they are two different movies in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have that kind of extravagant and crazy sensibility that keeps teens and guys in their twenties with the usual crowd of encounters to go see the movies. Both also have some sort of formula for stories. But at the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think I found on the whole more satisfying than "Crashers". Although we can guess where relational history will be with Steve Carrell, Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish, it's not too basic to understand as with Crashers, and the characters both in mind and in support are realistic, more rounded than most one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And, perhaps, it will also depend on the number of people you identify (or simply find foolishness) in both. <br /> <br /> Some people may be entering The Virgin, 40, who does not know Steve Carrell as well. like Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell built his cult status in The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in modest but unforgettable roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. It's his first main role, but it's not treated as a third-class vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat the character of Andy with a certain sincerity that keeps the audience on his side throughout the course, even at the beginning of his conversation with his figurines while repainting them. It's also a tricky line to cross - in the hands of the lessor, it could not be more or less entertaining than the Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is the 40-year-old who is like a good guy with a little Pee-Wee Herman in him (opening on the credits of his apartment is hilarious, good sign). <br /> <br /> Thus, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all the very good comic foils) try to devise different strategies and tips to finally break the kind of curse on the head of Andy to burst his cherry speak. He gets along almost with a drunk woman, almost with a weird girl and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the fake documentaries) as a boyfriend (explicit). But all of this is starting to fade as he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works in front of him. While building a relationship that does not rely on sex at all, one might fear that the plot of "how is he going to tell him or her" could interfere with the comedy. It's not. In fact, Carrell and the actors rely on it to a very large extent. For almost an hour and a half of the two hours of the film, there is barely a moment when I do not laugh, whether big or small. <br /> <br /> The big bursts of laughter do not make up for everything. formalities with the plot, or one or two small stories lost (co-workers also have their own relationship problems, Rudd being the funniest). The big bursts of laughter come because of Carrell's reaction, and the people around him can back up their own humor / charm, or with a truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes sure that there is a genuine spirit in their relationship (and, unlike 'Crashers', there is not as much that does not make sense for the character). For someone like me who loves when a comedian can have bursts of laughter just the way he looks on his face, Carrell gets some really high points here. And as with a film by the Farrelly brothers, the most rebellious or scandalous scenes are made with total absurdity; the "depilatory" scene (which was made for real, by the way) and the kind of musical number of Aquarius towards the very end of the film (the way it comes out at the beginning is a total and disconcerting surprise). But if you are ready not to offend yourself, there is more. It's one of the funniest movies of the year.
