The criticism of the film EVENING, based on Susan Minot's novel and adapted to the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, to the point that it may have dissuaded many viewers from trying the film. The main criticism is that very little is happening in this film about a dying woman who worries about a mistake she made a summer in her youth, that famous actors have seen assigning very minor roles, that all production was overworked etc. For this viewer, who saw the film on a DVD in the calm of the house, a very different reaction occurred. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies at her home near the ocean and her medications. and memories allow him to share the name of a man - Harris - with his two grown-up daughters, Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). While her daughters are sitting by her bedside, Ann relives a special summer as the bridesmaid of her best friend, Lila (Granny Gummer). Feeling that Lila was simply marrying a man from her class instead of the boy she had loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of his governess turned doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are involved in a series of fads and novels kept secret until fifty years later, when Ann is dying. The oldest Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann in the end and the secrets are revealed: "There is no mistake as a mistake, life goes on". The film is a delicate mood piece and the Minot and Cunningham script is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could have used more explanation, but to maintain the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying lady, such "holes" are understandable. The film is honored by the presence not only of Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter), Collette, Gummer (Streep's true daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also set composed of brief but very solid performances. The setting is beautiful (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is the inimitable Jan A. P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") makes this movie for yourself .... Grady Harp
