So many wonderful actresses in a film serve as a practical invitation to the local film house and so I duly responded. Here are some remarks .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is excellent, even in bed. She also looks very old and I do not think it's done with a lot of makeup, which is a good thing for the film but a sad thing for us, moviegoers. I think its aging has become a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues her return to the cinema and releases a certain warmth. Mamie Gummer's resemblance to her mother Merly Streep both in her physical appearance and in her playing style is so striking that I lost focus on the film a few minutes after her entry. She is surprisingly good; However, such a resemblance may detract from his favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson definitely had plastic work on her face. She certainly does not look like the way I remember her previous films ("Nell" for example.) She and Toni Collette unfortunately do not make a big impression partly because they do not look convincing as than sisters. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is also far too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep needed more time on the screen. Streep's performance is really just a wink. His scenes, on the other hand, have an emotional resonance greater than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides a welcome dry wit, especially in her second role as an imaginary night companion to the Redgrave character. For men; Hugh Dancy animates the film considerably, although he gives a performance that is wider than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves the story, she begins to hang out. It is also to his credit that he succeeds in creating the necessary exact sense of infantile charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson is on the contrary a complete void in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script does not explain why three people (including a man) are so seduced by this man. The background of this activity should have been further developed. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main holiday house failed to convince me. It does not seem natural at the top of this rocky hill, especially with its lawn in the front. A little too cardboard. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is a classy production, but an all-before-all-cried-before-all-before-over-all feeling has invaded me for most of its duration and, as a result she did not have the impact I was expecting from a larcorer. However, it still managed to make me think about the passing of time, the expectations of life and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. It's worth trying at least on DVD if not in the cinema ...
