After seeing the trailer for Evening, you'll think first of all how important the cast is (I mean they've even asked Brad, Brad Bostwick, of Rocky Horror, to show the world that he's playing always), and at the next second they just showed us the whole movie. Although not quite true, the movie is well summed up in the trailer, and it's not necessarily a bad thing. It is the story of a dying woman who remembers a time when she had met the love of her life - the one that had escaped. Her daughters hear her recall memories of people they have never heard of, and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy begins soon. Whatever happens, the film does not deal with these people and what they do, good or bad. It's a way to show that there is no mistake in life. What could be a regret could actually be the only case in your life that should have happened so that the good times that ensue occur. <br /> <br /> The story itself is well told and very obviously adapted from the literature. Our filmmakers here decide to tell the story by interchanging the present (Ann on her deathbed), the Dreamstate (Ann hallucinating by combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meeting Harris at the wedding of her best friend). There are a few cases where the cuts are a little steep, and the progression of the past is so good that the current content may seem a bit long and boring, but overall, it is better managed than originally planned. It's not as if Ann's life was now uninteresting, she just had less to do with intrigue than with learned morality. Although I recognize that parallels to the past help solve Ann's children's problems right now, I was still a little too happy about marriage to care as much as I should have. For example, there are pleasant moments, including the crash that wakes Ann Ann from sleep, as well as the cryptic dreams that connect the two worlds. <br /> <br /> It's the acting game that makes flashbacks so exciting and fluid. These performances are completely captivating to the point of getting angry when our time has changed and we have to wait to find out what will happen next. No matter how annoying I feel about Claire Danes' angry / sad / crying face that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I realize more and more of his talents in recent times and this one only helps the thaw. Patrick Wilson is always good in every area in which I have seen him. You have to give him credit for choosing really fantastic roles and never making more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to Little Kids last year, the guy will soon explode, but I hope he stays true to the art and will not make money. Heck, even Grandma Gummer is good in the younger version of her mother, Meryl Streep, (which is surprisingly very little in the movie). She is always agitated on the edges, but she was wonderful to express the emotional turmoil that her character undergoes on the day of her marriage. The real revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel like I've seen it in a lot of things, but in fact, it seems like it's only in King Arthur. Dancy literally steals all the scenes in which he is and the way his role of Buddy is devastated by love / alcohol / life is engraved in his facial expressions. Without his performance, the flashback sequences could have fallen into the somewhat forgotten category of the rest of the film and made the overall experience a lot worse. <br /> <br /> Without being completely original compared to what authors are after, the evening brings intelligence and craftsmanship to the table. You may be able to blame the length and number of editing scenes for everything, but you can not say that acting is not worth it. Perhaps a cinematic version of the wedding might have been something to see, however, when everything is together, it can also bring out something that could not have been achieved without all the other threads in the story. Anyway, the gain is worth the candle for most, and every plan of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and is up to what was before.
