In her death bed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and remembers the day when, in the 50s, she was aspiring singer and had left New York to become the bridesmaid of her wealthy friend Lila Wittenborn (Granny Gummer). ) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is greeted by Buddy (Hugh Dancy), Lila's brother, alcoholic and reckless, in Wittenborn's seaside house. He tells her that his sister is in love with their friend and servant Harris Arden ( Patrick Wilson), in the war and graduated in medicine. Later, the bride-to-be confesses her true feelings about Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, she has a crush on him and they have a brief affair over a night while a tragedy occurs with Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, the precarious and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson) are worried about their mother and have a difference to solve. <br /> <br /> "Soiree" has one of the best female cast that I have ever seen in a movie, with magnificent performances. The amazing resemblance between Mamie Gummer and her mother, Meryl Streep, is amazing and she has a performance that honors her mother's name. The venues, costumes, sets, cinematography and soundtrack are also impressive. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I did not understand the message of this film. Why is maternity so important in history? Was Constance spawned in Ann and Harris's bedside table and he would be his father? Why Ann and Harris did not stay together, if the guy really likes him as he confesses during their occasional meeting in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after Lila Ross's visit? Was Buddy Wittenborn a bisexual or was his love for Harris a fraternal love? Why did Nina Mars finally change her mind about motherhood? It seems that the writers or the director have failed because they have not been able to make sense of the beautiful love story. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the future")
