The evening is the beautiful story of the imperfect love of a mother. The film, divided in time, is shot as if by magic, incredibly played and its scenario is touching. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who goes to bed in the sun. Lying in bed, her mind remembering him and getting lost, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, giving a youthful vitality to a dying woman in bed. Girls Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to decipher the true story of discouraging dementia. His first mistake concerns Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man that his best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) deeply loved. Girls have to deal with their mother's past and future. The cast shines in the evening. The collective energy of this film could have supplied the equipment necessary for the production of all this film. I am so happy to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, living fully the joys, the errors and the sorrow of the first error of the young Anne. It's a feat when you realize she is playing a woman dying in bed. When her life overwhelms her, you can feel her urge to crack and her hopeless hope that she will not do it. Some of his facial expressions corrected me a bit, but overall, his performance was so radiant that I only had that as a side note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds a lot of strength in the error of her mother. Collette delicately avoids creating a cruel character who admires her mother's mistakes and instead chooses the wiser way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There are many internal quarrels between Nina and her sister Constance. Their struggles remind me of those I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is wonderful. His character is stuck between his heart and his status in society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see her play another role in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult to describe. His talent for making his mental state ambiguous without being crazy or even particularly tragic explains why he is so powerful. The public does not know if it invents the story because it is stealing or if these events actually happened. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave acts in a box. Few physical space and a limited range of emotions may have surprised a smaller actress, but it makes the limitations work. I was constantly surprised. The film is focused on women, but men are not just props. Patrick Wilson hypnotizes like Harris. It's no wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, I'm sure. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, who is out of control. Hugh Dancy tumbles Buddy without catching him off guard. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous Monster's Ball scene. It's terrible and the jaw pain. I was completely stunned. The only interim disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While his fight scenes were memorable, most of his melodrama scenes. He would have liked to take a bath before we had to breathe his stench. Fortunately she was not responsible for the visuals. The visuals of the film are sparkling. Director of photography Gyula Pados could not create a richer color film, with a light perfectly adapted to the mood and emotions. The visual concepts of backtracking sequences are powerful and resonant. Many scenes could have been stopped, printed, edited and sold as works of art. I confess, I cried. The evening is a powerful film. Evening is a girls movie, but a really great movie. If you want to impress a woman with a movie choice, choose Party.
