I caught the evening at the cinema with a friend. Evening is a girls' movie without any excuse, but I can say with some relief that it's not so much infused with estrogen that it's painful for a red-blooded man to watch. With the exception of only one case at the very end of the film, I watched with interest and did not have to turn away or roll my eyes at a complacent melodrama. The ladies, for their part, will love this film. <br /> <br /> Ann Lord is old, bedridden and spending her last days on Earth as comfortably as possible at home with her two grown-up daughters at her side. Disconcerted by memories of her past, Ann suddenly calls the name of a man her daughters have never heard of before: Harris. While her two daughters gaze silently at the importance of their mother's strong desire to remember and straighten out her unhappy affair with this mysterious man, Ann falls back into her mind on the fatal day when she met Harris - so lost her juvenile optimism for the future, to which we all inevitably part. <br /> <br /> Ann and her two daughters - a bride with children, the other a serial "commitophobe" - wrestle with the central question of whether true love really exists, and perhaps more important again, if true love can stand the test of time. Are we all one day to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that settling for the imperfect is the only realistic outcome? The subtle fact that old Ann is still struggling with an answer to these questions about her deathbed is not lost for her two daughters. <br /> <br /> Evening's cinematography is interesting - most of the film is spent at Ann's house she remembers the past, and for that reason, I think the film was shot as if everything was deliberately overexposed, to give everyone an ethereal glow (and thus make it clear that all this is not real, but has happened in the past). Claire Danes is beautiful (she looks really tall, although she actually measures 5 '5 ") and she is absolutely captivating in a culminating scene where her singing skills are finally put to the test. You can not really talk about the cast that started with Claire Danes and that does not give up: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close play the other major and minor roles of the film. </ p> I really can not say anything negative about this film, although Hugh Dancy's fight to get his character out of one-dimensional is ultimately a total loss.Play the adorable and spoiled drunk offspring of the rich and obscure people who show a great bravado but secretly fearing to give nothing at all probably does not offer much in terms of exploring the character - he had his orders and stood there. <br /> <br /> At the end, gentlemen, your friend will certainly not, and even if you will probably not feel almost as affected, the evening will certainly not be a waste of time to watch the evening. Catch it in theaters or take it as a rental to get points when you want to be accompanied by a screening of Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo movie. It will be your little secret that this viewing did not really cost you much.
