Since I started reading the book on which this movie is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned some time ago how to read a book adaptation before reading the book, because I realized that if I read the book first, the film would inevitably disappoint me. That might have been true here, whereas in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best filmed adaptation of a book I have ever seen, it probably would not have mattered. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to determine the cause, and I guess I have to point directly to Michael Cunningham. Even though I respect him for The Hours (which I have not read, but have seen and impressed), I can not escape the feeling that he did not fit Susan Minton's book as much as he did. took a few characters and the basic premise and write his own movie from it. <br /> <br /> It's not that I hate the movie. In fact, I love the movie. That's why, since I read the novel, I feel troubled by everything. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton for enjoying the film, which was so different from her work. As I read it, I can understand why she had so much trouble adapting it. Contrary to what a reviewer of the film said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; it's more like some books can not make the transition. Mrs. Minton's novel operates on such a personal and intimate level with her central character, so internally, that it seems impossible to place it in a physical realm. Although much of the book is a memory of real events, it is a memory so fragmented and ethereal that it can not be filmed. I think that Minton's work is a real literary work, but I can not make the transition to the film, which does not detract from its value. <br /> <br /> I can not say that Evening, the film, does not represent Evening, the novel, any more than in the most superficial way, because I'm only halfway through , but the original should make a huge leap forward to look like the movie that follows at this point. I write this because I think if you adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not do it otherwise. I do not know if Michael Cunningham did something completely original, but from what I can see so far, all he's done is based on someone else's work . We would not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have Evening, in her upset form, if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble doing what would probably not should not have been tried in the first place. But it's too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton had remained pretty much alone, because Evening, the film, is a beautiful and satisfying work in itself. <br /> <br /> This is how my confusion was mixed feelings, feeling of disloyalty, and final conclusion that in this case the novel can not be the film and vice versa, and my final gratitude to both authors for doing what they did, so that we have both works as they are.
