The first "parallel history" of the universal universe of the last century presents a fresh and refreshing look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would continue to play a central role in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and how war is perceived through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does contain some basic elements of Gundam, its principle being the attempts of a ZEON team to capture an experimental Gundam, but it is the execution of the plot that has made this show so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy, Alfred, and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, secretly pilot of the federation and Bernie Wiseman, a beginner pilot of Zeon. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot also falls for Christina. <br /> <br /> "The war in the pocket" proves that you do not need an epic story about special people to create for a good war story. There are no super-Ace pilots or large-scale fleet battles here. This short film in 6 episodes OVA focuses more on the emotional drama of the characters than on themes such as politics or philosophy, and I like the realistic way in which the characters are represented. Alfred is your typical everyday child who plays violent computer games and thinks the military is cool. He then follows an intensive course on the horrible realities of war. The unlikely friendship and connections between Bernie and Christina, each ignoring the fact that they are soldiers from different sides of the war, are played in a very real way without going too far with the stories of romantic dramas. The same goes for the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie. That being said, I would not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes the heart even more heartbreaking to watch the tragedies that unfold as the series progresses to the end of its turn. emotionally devastating. <br /> <br /> Despite its lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring". The characters are attractive enough for the whole show. Do not worry, a number of mobile costume action scenes are scattered here and there. Each of them is beautifully animated to a level that surpasses that of an OVA and will certainly satisfy the compelling need for "mandatory" combat fights in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally, I watch cartoons in Japanese or English. leave to personal preference. But in this case, I highly recommend the English vocal track on the Japanese track. Not only are the characters, who except Alfred are all white, seem more credible in English, but the performances of the English cast are equal and even superior to those of the Japanese, infusing each character with emotions and intonations as realistic as they play in certain TV series. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the public. This text conveys many comforting themes that are closest to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A truly moving story that deserves more credit than it is given.
