It is a complex film that explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist industrial capitalist modes of production on human relations. There are constant references to chain production, where workers are treated like machinery in a machine, supervised by managers brandishing boards, controlling the number of hair left by exposed workers and dismissing workers ( Stanley) who meet all the criteria are always on time, work hard, do a good job), but may be wrong in an indeterminate future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley must send his father to a retirement home (where he dies quickly) after losing his job. Iris's daughter is an unmarried teenage mother who drops out of high school to work in the factory. Reference is made to the fact that now that wages are going down, both partners have to work, which means that there is no one left at home to look after the children. Iris's husband died as a result of an illness and, with the film's multiple references to the costs of medical care, the viewer has to wonder if he could have lived with better and more expensive care. Iris's brother-in-law becomes violent after another unsuccessful day at the employment office, when his wife shouts to buy a beer with his savings instead of leaving it for his facelift and / or teeth work ( even the working class with no stake in the conventional bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty engage in it). The only reference to race in the film is through a black factory employee whose husband is in jail (presumably he is also black and black men suffer disproportionate incarceration rates). She notes that, like her, "spends her time" - her family is made up of a prisoner and a salaried slave. Stanley, however, still believes in human relations and so is for the most part film outside the Fordist capitalism system. He takes care of his father despite the fact that it is his job as a traveling salesman that has made him illiterate - he has not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental contract, as does the brother-in-law of 'Iris (suggesting he is' married'). the bad sister ") As Iris says, he does not conform to the work-to-sleep routine of all the others, he uses technology and industrial production techniques in a craft and creative way, in a kind of Bauhaus ideal: it was the dream of the early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (like the Bauhaus) - to use technology to meet all basic needs, while leaving more free time for creative work and He is also outside of traditional gender relations, cooking, cleaning, taking care of his family, and going back to work. "Iris, meanwhile, lives in a traditionally male role - she works in a factory, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public sphere, traditionally forbidden to women, by teaching her to read and write, giving her access to the world. e of knowledge, also a man traditionally gendered. <br /> <br /> Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the public domain (traditionally male) and circulation systems (monetary, vehicular, cultural) allowing participation in the public domain. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the jobs open to him are cooking and cleaning. It is excluded from all regular traffic, unable to participate in monetary activities (impossible to open a bank account), to the vehicle (can not get a driver's license, can not take the bus) and to the social system ( he asks if he exists if he can not write his name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he catches books on auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God is therefore relativised, placed on the same level of value as the practical guides. In fact, organized religion in general is only rarely present - the Bible also appears on a dresser as the camera looks to find Stanley and Iris making love. It is however recognized as a moral force - Iris, a character devoted to lead a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that his rosary was part of the lost objects in a torn handbag. <br /> <Once able to read, he enters the system and lands a management position with a health care plan, a car and a house, thus taking his place at the head of the family, the support of family. Presumably, he is an industrial designer, designing products that will require others to support the chore of the assembly line. This ending, probably the only part of conventional Hollywood in the film, is so incongruous with everything that happened before I wonder at least if some Studio execs do not impose it, worrying suddenly about the absence of happy ending. and its potential effect on the end result. <br /> <br /> Now that, according to the experts, we have comfortably switched to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a slightly nostalgic feeling, as if we needed historical distance to really analyze what happened during this period. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, this is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Do not consider the end and it's almost a perfect 10.
