I like all dogs go to heaven, even if I am a guy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films that Don Bluth has made! In the film, Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is helped by his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise). He is released from the pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who works in the casino sector, wants to share equality with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface who does not want to share the equal with Charlie pushes a car on a bridge over Charlie to kill him! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that her time is up by showing her a watch that has stopped and she explains that All dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind his back and turns it back on and he comes back to Earth alive with Annabelle screaming. You will never be able to come back! Charlie finds Itchy and they will soon explore to find that Carface has not only attempted to murder Charlie, he has also kidnapped an orphan girl, Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy, help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go get money! Ann Marie sees a couple who she says would make great parents for her! As Ann Marie speaks to the couple, Charlie sneaks behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they promised to win ends up winning and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie are paid $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that he will use the money to give to the poor, but ends up buying a new casino, playing the game and buying pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon, Ann Marie discovered that Charlie had stolen the wallet from the man and used his money for the horse race and all the rest! Charlie, sad about it, dreams of going to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and discovers that Ann Marie is gone! She left to return the wallet to the couple who forgave him the wallet and invites him to lunch! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with him and pretends to be sick but is captured by mice trying to feed them to King Gator but they manage to escape! Soon Carface appears and captures Ann Marie. He intends to drown her but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls King Gator who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up and he has to die again. Itchy, with the help of the other dogs, finds the couple who took Ann Marie and brings them with them to where Ann Marie is. They are there in time to save Ann Marie but are too late to save Charlie who has finished his time! Charlie, rewarded for his heroic efforts to save Ann Marie, is greeted in paradise but before his arrival, he says goodbye to Ann Marie, who was adopted by the couple, and asks him to take care of Itchy for him. She says yes and tells Charlie that she loves him and goodbye! Charlie enters paradise again as it says All dogs go to paradise! Filled with wonderful animation, characters and a story, Don Bluth has proven himself a good host! It's a shame that this movie was released the same year, Little Mermaid is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, the year before I was born! I guess I'll have to call them the two best animated movies of 1989! 10 of 10!
