First of all, 'St. Ives's film is loosely based on the Robert Louis Stevenson story of the same name, but for once, it's not a criticism. The original novel was a work in progress, unfinished at the death of the author, and adapting it freely and giving it an end, the filmmakers gave life to endearing characters who, although different from the original Stevenson, I am sure I have charmed and amused him. <br /> <br /> It is 1813: Captain Jacques de Keroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphan of the guillotine of the Revolution, who now serves as a hussar in the army of Napoleon. We meet him going out for the evening, saying that since a hussar who is not dead at 30 is "a blackguard", he, at 34, is now "on time borrowed"! Certainly, faced with a series of challenges related to dueling, our dashing hero seems in danger, but a surreal farce of his colonel provides a way out of the duels and enter the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also causes the loss of his commission ... Following other misadventures, he is taken prisoner by the British and sent to a prisoner of war camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques draws the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a woman of the world who has traveled a lot and lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story concerns Flora's help to Jacques to escape and find his grandfather emigrated, the old count. Of course, there is a problem. The older brother of Jacques, Alain, dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from happy when Grandfather disinherits him in front of the whole household, at the very moment when Jacques appeared ... treacherous! There is also a fun-filled secondary plot in the romance between the clumsy, naive but kind hearted major, Farquhar Chevening, and Aunt Susan, who crossed most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even taking into account a natural prejudice in favor of any film in which the heroines share my family name, 'St. Ives' is magic! It perfectly combines sword fights, balloon flying, comedy and a romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who likes "the kind of movie they do not do anymore" - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, etc. The game is beautiful. Anna Friel makes Flora a lively and seductive heroine. Jean-Marc Barr is charming as Jacques, a truly adorable hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my big favorites and have a lot of fun with Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship is a comical counterpoint to that of the lead roles. As a refined, intriguing but ultimately tragic Alan, Jason Isaacs shows, as he did more recently in "The Patriot", that he has the classic style of swashbuckling, in addition to his dashing look! Please, please, will anyone call him * hero * in the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film is settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which James is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France has "Highlandised" setting, thus making unchanged the preservation of place names such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry. The costumes are also a real mix between the 1780s and the period when they take place. While this is not implausible with more "pretending" basic characters, it seems odd that wealthy ladies like heroines wear dresses from the 1780s in 1813. Clearly, the tedious decision was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than Regency fashion and work in the idealized world of film. As a whole, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure delight.
