Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began his career in French cinema with a series of refined thrillers: "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979), among others . "Python Police 357" is a good example of how Corneau designed and shot his works at this time of his career. They had a splendid cinematography, painful scenarios and a sophisticated realization elaborated for the sake of efficiency. <br /> <br /> Superintendent of Police Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods who usually works alone. He meets a young woman, Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her lover by ignoring that she has another: her superior Ganay (François Périer). When he learns it, he kills her in a fit of anger. Ferrot must investigate the assassination and all the clues are inexorably against him ... <br /> <br /> One might think that such wacky stories are not immune to technical problems and that sometimes can be seen through but Corneau's pedantic director's style helps to create a stifling and dark atmosphere. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting, but it is crucial for what will follow this key moment. Corneau falls back on a sober treatment with rather sparse moments and short appearances of minor minor characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the drawbacks, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger wrote a clever story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot keeps a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superior knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot must find strong ways to confuse the tracks and to exonerate himself. Finally, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a cop who loses his identity little by little and finds himself at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is summed up by the moment when he throws acid on his face so that the witnesses do not recognize him when he comes face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The backdrop of this thriller, Orleans, is effectively enhanced by Corneau's camera and helps to inspire this mysterious thriller with its pernicious charm.
