Why is it called "Mistresses" is a puzzle because it is about four women, three of whom are not mistresses ?? Except, wait. Oh I see. It's a dirty title and we all have to sell, I guess. The series itself? Delicious. Most characters are determined to cut themselves metaphorical pieces. Very funny. It reminds me of LWT's 1976 miniseries, "Bouquet of Barbed Wire," in which each character and his father wore the machete. <br /> <br /> Siobhan (Orla Brady) is the only real mistress and she really puts herself in danger. The husband is sterile. So no chance of a baby there then. But at work, there is Dominic, interpreted by the sexy Adam Rayner, who looks so beautiful that there is no surprise when an intense sexual desire is declared. It turns out that Dominic has no fertility problems. I expect her sperm to make a fight - everyone is probably wearing a small sword - and now, Siobhan is inevitably pregnant that way. What Siobhan should do is keep quiet and go, it's a miracle. Of course, what she does is tell her friends, "I have to tell my husband." No you do not do it. Truly not. Stop. Stop! <br /> <br /> Katie (Sarah Parish) was a mistress once, as we learn that she had an affair with a married man before the show started. Unfortunately, she is now busy with her son. The father died of cancer and Katie, a doctor, helped him on his journey. So, she is a euthanasia woman, has had business with two of her patients and sleeps with the father's son carelessly neglecting the incestuous shades. It's not going to be ok for Katie. <br /> <br /> Jessica is an experimental lesbian. She organizes events and is busy doing a lesbian wedding at the beginning of the series. She quickly began a heated exchange of views with one of the wives Alex, played by Anna Torv, and the scenario rushed to a lesbonk with great haste. However, he can not think of a good way to put both women to bed, so he invents a very lame "Are not you going to have a chicken night?" Well, I can not let you out with that. I'm going to organize one and the guests must be .. Me! ", Which gives the result, but it's not exactly Winterson. I thought the writers were supposed to make a living. Lazy. Torv's interpretation of his character is good. Alex treats Jessica as possibly unsavory and Alex's body language always points backwards as she moves forward. Of course, once she has crossed the wall, she goes away happily and unsurprisingly, because Shelley Conn is so enticing that a good percentage of the human race would be lucky. <br /> <br /> Which brings us to Trudi, who is a widow. Of course, there should be simple people in a community, but if you want to have a simple character, then you have to invent something to admire in them. It is entirely possible to be a piece and engaging. However, Trudi de Small looks like one of those characters that Casting highlighted in a medieval crowd scene after the director said, "It's ridiculous, not all characters are pretty." More revealing, you can not find anything to admire in her. Nothing. She is a turnip in a bowl of apples. Surprisingly, she does "sexy" from time to time. I will not forget his appearance in bright red corset with stockings nested in his crotch for a long time and for all the wrong reasons. <br /> <br /> So, good, delusional pleasure in every way. There is easily enough material here for a second series and I hope they will make one. I hope they learn a lesson though. The characters never take off their underwear in bed! After spending hours of unbridled sexual desire, they always come back dressed in their bras, or keep the sheets wrapped around their naughty fragments. After several episodes, no more nipples and you can go begging for a dick. What is this? Puritanism of the beginning of the 21st century? So, the production team, are you listening? Your characters will solve some of their mental problems if they give up and discuss. At least they will have more fun in the fun scenes, the poor things. In a series dominated by being in the bedroom, or wanting to be in the bedroom, or just being in the bedroom, it's a little silly, and a lot, that the characters are screwed up in underwear. <br /> Overall. I was going to score 6 (high end medium), but the series makes a pretty rare turn. When each episode ends, you always want more and you look forward to the next one. So, I score 7.
