Knowing what to expect (overall) from a performance by Denzel Washington - quality, integrity, sense of gravity, ironic humor - will prepare you for what to expect from his directorial debut. Like Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher recounts the shocking drama of a young man's life and the effects of the key characters in his life. A bit like in A Bronx Tale, De Niro plays one of these key characters (the character is born to play himself but he was too old too) Washington plays the same role as the paternal advisor of the titular character - a character he seems that it should be played by a Washington of 20 years ago. Be thankful that Washington is too old to play at Antwone, because if it does, we would be deprived first of all of the wonderfully measured and cleverly nuanced performance it gives as a Navy advisor. However, more importantly, we could not see the superb, we can only hope to make a star, turn away from Derek Luke in the lead role. Inevitably, the character seems to have been molded into Washington's form, but you get the impression that it's not just because Washington directed it, not that Luke was trying to copy it, but that Luke is as powerful and causes an actor like Washington. It took far too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award it deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane, hopefully Luke will not have to wait so long. Joy Bryant, Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl, also played an important role in the cast. While the piece might have been a support or a forgiving "girlfriend" role, Bryant brings it to life. Tender and intelligent, the role transcends stereotypes and Bryant lives in it, and it makes the part meaningful and interesting. It does not hurt either that Bryant is perhaps the most alluring woman you'll see on celluloid this year - her smile alone could thaw the coldest heart. The ability to act and watch - why this woman in all that is done right now. Provide good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Berta. Saying more with a silence or a look that many Hollywood actresses can not handle in an entire movie, it informs the public of complete intrigues well before an exhibition happens. As for Washington's staging, as I said, it's the directive equivalent of its role. Taking the story of a man that few viewers have heard about and making it really interesting is a difficult feat that Washington does well. The film is neither squeezed nor shiny, but it never seems slow or dull. It is measured and nuanced, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not impress you if you love explosive, intriguing Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a refined character piece, with excellent performance and strong, well-managed direction, this is for you.
