Unlike other commentators who commented on the film's ability to transcend race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film provides a complex and profound story about institutional racism and its effects. Washington is leading Fisher's story with a cautious hand and a critical eye, without renouncing this cinematographic attempt not to dismember the women's bodies, to perpetuate unconscious stereotypes, nor to satisfy the expectation of the white gaze. I think this movie might be a little too happy at the end; However, he is deeply rooted in African-American culture and rhetoric to the point that some white spectators may have the feeling of taking a closer look at the life of this African-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who are / were in Fisher's situation or situations Similar. Viewers can watch this movie while waiting for a "Black Movie: What is a" Black Movie? "<br /> <br /> Are stereotypes of pimps, prostitutes, drug traffickers, single-parent homes, etc., a" Black Movie "I think Washington as a filmmaker has recognized that African-Americans and other people of color were dealing with human issues such as abuse and misplaced aggression, to name a few.These problems were - historically and currently - unlighted and valid only via "Bon Will Hunting" "and other white films, it is high time that they receive the same recognition and the same validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before receiving an Oscar or anything else, and they will have to wait until they make or play a film that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes To win an Oscar, Denzel deserved awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before this jive "Training Day" Oscar. It is not a question of denying or setting aside other great actresses and actors of color who are denied the praise due to them for ingenious work. Still, Hollywood would prefer to send the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding these stereotypes as they appear in countless movies such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the Garden of good and bad, "" American Pie, "and even" Gone with the Wind. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luke is an actor from hell and I wish him the best. All the other actresses gave great performances, even if I disagree with Denzel's choice of a new sistuh with straight hair and fair skin. That said, everyone should watch this movie. However, it may not be for everyone. Many Luv. 10/10
