This film, based on a true story, was directed by longtime director and actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory and a lawyer in the famous Philadelphia. And of course, he made a special name last year by winning the Academy Award for Best Actor during the training day, in which Denzel Washington became the first African-American to receive the Best Actor Award. I guess Denzel wanted to change his pace, so he chose to lead Antwone Fisher, in which he also plays. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, again on the big screen, but he has made appearances on television shows such as King of Queens. It will appear in the next release of the movie Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a really good film by Denzel Washington, considering it's his first staging. Without a doubt, Denzel felt a kind of commitment and believed in the real life of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher talks about a young African-American navy man who is constantly fighting, and after a particular fight, he is sent to see a marine psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone cope with her troubled past and learn to move forward in life by finding her natural mother who must abandon her at birth because she was in prison. What makes the film so successful is the fact that it is not too melodramatic. I was expecting something a little more like Good Will Hunting, with lots of cursing, fights and vulgarity. It's not that I did not like Good Will Hunting, nor was the swearing, fighting and vulgarity of the movie irrelevant. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story and I do not think Washington wanted to make the story sensationalizing for dramatic effect in the film. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone fighting, continuing and having moments where it seems like the world is getting closer to him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and his answer is "from under a rock", a clear blow against the pressures that are faltering on the soul from Antwone Fisher. But I had to appreciate the fact that this movie was not sensational for a dramatic effect. I think Denzel Washington has a real character in offering a more realistic story and avoiding the clichés typical of Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another point I would like to make about Antwone Fisher is the role of actor. Overall, the performances were good in the movie, but not great. Sometimes I think it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but overall, complaining about the performance of this movie would be ridiculous. An actress I would like to point out in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she barely says two sentences in the movie, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but more because she is in shock than her son, Antwone, the found. What I would like to report about her as an actress in her lack of use of her. She is an actress in a character and I have not seen her play a really elaborate role. She made appearances in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate & Leopold and in two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the Solaris remake by Steven Soderberg, she played the role of a scientist in a doomed spacecraft in orbit around the planet. In this film, she is confronted with the character of George Clooney and she is moved by what Clooney tells him in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing her tear in the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the sorrow of the character. In this brief photo of her face, she gave so much expression and honestly, I felt very sorry for the sadness and annoyance of her character in the film. I think she has definite potential as an actress and should be used more often, perhaps in lead roles, rather than as a character-driven actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. As always, Denzel Washington achieves a great performance and offers us a great start to the director. In addition, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will enjoy his immense critical notoriety for his portrayal of the troubled man, but I think his popularity will grow with the release of Biker Boyz, also starring Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
