"And the time has come when the risk of remaining tight in a bud is more painful than the risk of blossoming" - says Anais Nin Marcel Proust, "The real journey of discovery is not to see new landscapes but to have new eyes. "Author and writer Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to discover new landscapes, but the demons of her past prevented her from seeing the world with a new eye. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the movie Antwone Fisher, the first film directed by Denzel Washington. It is a sincere, somewhat formal look at the painful process of moving from our past to our past life to the possibility of living life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Need to attend therapy sessions after several tantrums In the background, Antwone (Derek Luke), grown up, tells his life during sessions with the Navy psychiatrist, Jerome Davenport (Denzel, Washington). At first he does not want to talk, but when he starts, the valves are open. After his father was shot by a girlfriend and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, victim of humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment of her adoptive mother, Ms. Tate (Novella Nelson), who only called her "nigga", and her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually much worse than what was shown on the screen . <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local resident of Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, later in the film, only adds to his sense of abandonment. It is difficult to build a film around psychiatric sessions but this has been done successfully in Ordinary People and Good Will Hunting with a much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of the dominating performances of Washington and Luke, although the film tries to compress eleven a few years in a few months seems a little too easy. The humanity and warmth of Davenport, however, allows Fisher to feel secure enough to talk about his difficult past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend who is also part of the Navy, supports him in his struggle to achieve to a breakthrough. <br /> <With Cheryl's help and Dr. Davenport's advice, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey to try to find her mother to complete the past. What transpires in Derek Luke's incredible performance is Antwone's desire for acceptance, dramatized by a heartbreaking dream presented at the beginning of the film, in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet filled people who love him. Actor Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we all are here for: finding the way home ..." Antwone Fisher is not just talking about the urge of a young person to find her way who cried themselves to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
