Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. PG rated. <br /> <br /> It was the comedy par excellence of the decade. It earned Sir John Gielgud the Academy Award. It has even been featured in VH1's "I Love the 80's". And it looks just as good today as it was when it first came out. Arthur is a classic acclaimed comedy about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and intelligence by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated show) who has to choose between the woman he loves and the life to which he has become accustomed. Although the basic plot is just a big shot, there's nothing banal about this nice combination of intelligent dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is essentially a pretentious idiot, but you can not help but appreciate it. Especially when he pronounces such phrases as "you would not want me to be, I know I am!" He is also a delimitation of the movie hero par excellence: unlike most of the wealthy characters we see on the big screen, he is not ashamed to be very rich. In one scene, a man asks him: "What's it like to have all that money?", To which he replies, "It feels good." Moore imparts such charisma and charm to a character that his audience would hate otherwise. And Gielgud is simply perfect as an arrogant servant, addressing his master with extreme condescension despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or particularly exceptional: it comes naturally. The scenario - which was also unanimously - is saturated with authentic funny dialogues. This is the kind of movie that, when you join a group of poker friends, you quote endlessly. He also looks at his characters with sincere empathy. A number of comedies have tried to delve into the drama by including the death or illness of a main star (including the two Grumpy Old Men's), but few people can stand it because we do not care. When this movie makes the dubious decision to overthrow the butler, it actually works because we really love those people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a total and not guilty pleasure. At a time when movies are becoming more serious, Arthur reminds us of the feeling of going to the movies and having a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
