I remember trying a few minutes of this movie, and I'm very surprised that I did not watch everything, from director Steve Gordon, his only film made before he died of heart failure. Basically, Arthur Bach (winner of the Golden Globe and Academy Award nominee Dudley Moore) is the happy millionaire stuffed with everything he may desire, a mansion, a Hobson butler (Oscar winner and Golden Globes, and nominated by Sir John Gielgud), and a lot of alcohol. . He will inherit $ 750 million if he marries the daughter of fellow millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur falls in love with the Queens waitress, Linda Marolla (named Liza Minnelli, of the Golden Globe), who of course threatens the inheritance, and 3/4 of his family's fortune from Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur, on the wedding day, disobeyed the family's wishes, but Aunt Martha still gives her the legacy to live happily ever after with true love, Linda. Ted Ross (Bitterman), Barney Martin (Ralph Marolla), Anne De Salvo (Gloria - Hooker), Maurice Copeland - Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston (Aunt Pearl Bach), Florence Tarlow - Mrs. Nesbitt - Marcella Lowery - Harriet - Martha's Maid John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a little nervous as a millionaire almost always drunk, Minnelli is kind as a woman he loves, and Gielgud of course makes a great impression of winning the Oscars as Moore's humble sarcastic servant, a wonderful ball comedy. He won the Oscar for best song for "Arthur's Theme (Best You Can Do)" (he also won the Golden Globe) (Number 79 on 100 Years, 100 Songs), and his nomination as Best Writing , screenplay written directly for the screen, he received the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music for Burt Bacharach and the Golden Globe for Best Movie - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 of the 50 greatest British actors and the film was number 53 of 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very well!
