1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in moving pictures. Just as some of the best films of the silent era were made in all genres, the sound came in and - while reaping big profits at the box office - restored the art of filmmaking about five years while the film industry struggled with new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of the silent era. The film shows that William Haines had comic skills going beyond his usual formula of the overconfident confident man who overthrows everyone, learns his lesson, then redeems himself by winning the football match, the polo match, etc. This film is also Exhibit A to illustrate that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent instincts and timing. This film begins as the adventure Beverly Hillbillies Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and his father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, straight out of the South. General Pepper decided to let a lucky movie studio director hire his daughter as an actress. At the studio's police station, the Peppers meet Billy Boone (William Haines), a burlesque comedian. He gets an acting job for Peggy. She is unhappy when she discovers that it is a blunder, but she perseveres. Finally, she is discovered by a large studio and she and Billy separate as she begins to assume dramatic roles. Soon, the new fame goes to her head, and she is about to lose her audience and win a royal title when she decides to marry her new main character, which she does not like much, unless that destiny does not intervene. <Br /> <br /> One of the things that MGM frequently does in his silent reign films and early sound era films is long shots of how filming was done at the MGM around 1930. This film is one of them. Charlie Chaplin tries to get Peggy's autograph, a profusion of MGM player cameos at this time, including director King Vidor himself, and even an appearance of Marion Davies as Peggy, who sees Marion Davies as Marion Davies arriving at work. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she does not care. Truly a delight from the beginning to the end, it is a silence that is really worth it. This is one of the movies that I also recommend you use to introduce people to the art of silent cinema because it is very accessible.
