This 1981 comedy still shines through the combined efforts of screenwriter / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, barely in his forties, died shortly after the completion of this film, his only feature film. This is a particularly unfortunate loss, as it shows great skill in dealing with a character-centric farce that makes the whole movie irresistible. He plays almost like a 1930s style ball-comedy reorganized to suit contemporary tastes. The plot is centered on Arthur Bach, a drunken and tiny millionaire play-boy who risks losing his $ 750 million legacy if he does not marry Susan, a boring and boring heiress chosen by his father and grandfather -mother. Of course, he does not like it and accidentally meets Linda Marolla, a working class waitress (and of course an aspiring actress) after she wears a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her father. <br /> <br /> The usual complications ensue, but in a very endearing way with tons of alcohol slapstick performed with Moore's classic impetus. The fact that he makes such a nice spoiled character is a credit, not only for his comedic talents, but also for Gielgud's bitter and sharp turn as Hobson, Arthur's dedicated valet but based on reality. This is the kind of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson such a memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of poignant into the proceedings. In her role as probably the most likeable film, Liza Minnelli hands the photo to her male co-stars, softening her usual dazzling character and making Linda truly genuine in her motivation. <br /> A "pre-" LA law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan right next to the passive-aggressive right note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father in" Seinfeld ") steals all of his scenes as a father neglected Linda, Ralph Geraldine Fitzgerald, seasoned actress, exaggerates the eccentricities of the grandmother.And I must admit that I still can not stand the song very outdated and outdated Christopher Cross who inevitably won the Oscar for the best Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, which certainly needs to be remixed, has nothing to note but a few photos and notes of production.
