I had seen Marion Davies in a few movies and I really did not understand her appeal. She could not dance for peanuts, she was not trying to sing and she seemed to be in a trance. But I had not seen his silent comedies and this film is beautiful. Rather than making fun of her own image, as suggested here, it seems to me that a satire of Gloria Swanson, who began in zany comedies, continued to take pictures of very emotional women and ended up to marry a count. Marion, a high-level imitator, also did a funny bunny imitation every time she wanted to be considered great, that was what Gloria Swanson had to do !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) walked the road to Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star of all time. Their hopes dwindle and they lost their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works in slapstick studios and promises to find a job for Peggy. Peggy thinks she will be a great actress, but the studio thinks it's a fantastic comic. They convince her to make the film and during the screening, she meets with great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for his autograph but she does not recognize it and treats it quite roughly. "Who was this little guy" - when she finds out she is fainting !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from the High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and she is suddenly on her way. There's a fun scene where she sees a star she does not think about - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> She finally has a chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene while the director does everything to make her cry and when he succeeds, she can not stop! Her new main character, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her past comic and become an elite and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the burlesque studio chooses the same place as the movie "Patricia", Billy is delighted to see her but not prepared for her posh attitude. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes she's not the girl he's known. <br /> <br /> After a lunch in the studio (a beautiful panoramic shot of some of the biggest stars of the day), "Patricia" receives a call from the boss. It seems that his films are a failure and no cinema wants to book them - the public is tired of his manners and wants old Peggy. She and Andrew decide to get married and dream of becoming Countess (even though Billy says that Andre was serving him spaghetti in a small cafe downtown and that he was no more count than him). On the day of her wedding, Billy visits her and, after a hilarious battle of the cream pie, she realizes that Billy is made for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guests - John Gilbert is seen passing by the MGM At the doors of the room, Lew Cody talks with Elinor Glynn, who has not only written " It ", but several racy novels that have been turned into MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose films I had always wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafeteria sector, he had a fantastic cartoon timing. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedy director - there were so many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top of all - I'm giving this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> Very loud, strongly advised.
