I had the pleasure of screening "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival features some of the best independent and non-traditional films of the past year. I thought "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen to be screened at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot in and around the eastern part of Connecticut. However, when the credits started rolling, I could only think of the extent to which "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the other films presented during the festival. By far, he is at the top of my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed the Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> The "Big Bad Swim" is an engaging, truthful and often-humorous look at several adult education swimming class students and their friendly but troubled instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on the screen in a while. Character development and interlaced intrigues derived from something as absurd as adult swimming lessons work in a subtle and endearing way that I found refreshing. The plot does not hit you in the head with one direction; on the contrary, it is built and grown organically with a rhythm that was perfect. I never got bored. I never went back. I never got out of the story on screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the film looks like "Napoleon Dynamite" and "Old School". The acting of a relatively unknown group of actors was credible and their dialogue never seemed embarrassing or artificial. Obviously, filming the camera was not a production of several million, it was not quite impressive and clear, but sufficient and well done for the budget. The lighting and filming technique of scenes filmed in a strip club attracted particular attention because of a more realistic approach than a thematic scene similar to that of "Closer". I've also found pictures shot under the water from the waist up to the waist, seeming as much a character portrait as a shot from the bottom up. in the independent film industry, but I must say: if "The Big Bad Swim" is not selected for any distribution, I would be extremely disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" must be seen. If you have the chance to see this movie, see it! The disappointment is impossible!
