Sunday, July 16, at 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a Colonel from the South, your make-up is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> The Hollywood rumors have managed to to sling over More than a little mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. It is often speculated that she received a celebrity and that she was unworthy. Given the mawkish dramas in which she was so often pushed, this criticism seems to have some validity. As an actress, however, her star shone very brightly. Part to pursue a career in light comedy and slapstick, she could have rivaled Mabel Normand. One of his best releases was King Vidor's Show People (1928), which survives and is so well known largely because MGM has filled it with star cameos. This happy coincidence inadvertently saved what is surely one of the best works of its two stars, Davies and William Haines, the famous pirate Joe College. Rumor has it that Show People was vaguely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who debuted in Sennett comedies and moved on to drama (and do not think she did not spend the rest of her life everyone!) with von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this film are the original digs that Keystone had abandoned the previous year (think of the one who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfisher Pepper (Dell Henderson) drives his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to play in the movies. These two peasant women are an unsuspecting fodder for an incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "a cream pie artist ??" who goes down to their cafeteria table in an incredibly funny entrance (watch the piece with the noodle), then helps Peggy get a role in her next picture. What she thinks is a big drama turns out to be a video game, but a job is a job and Billy convinces her. "All stars have to take it on the chin?" In preview, Billy and Peggy ran into Charlie Chaplin, who asks him for an autograph! She pushes back the little boy and Billy, horrified, grabs the book and beckons. Chaplin gets into his car and Billy tells Peggy who just sniffed her, so she fainted naturally. It's so funny to think that Davies is not supposed to recognize this guy! Peggy will soon be working at High Art Studios, changing her name to Patricia Pepoire and leaving poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful sending of a serious actress, with all the pre-requisite floating eyelashes and shaky lips. Vidor scrolls through a parade of stars lunching in a long follow-up plan (and they are all sitting, shoulder to shoulder, facing the camera!) Who includes Polly Moran (who also enjoys playing Davies's maid?) ), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comedy duo consisting of Karl Dane (the arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the silverware), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (wearing a dress) Gilbert (also appearing to be walking through the doors of the MGM at the beginning of the photo), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (seeming boring and distant as usual) and Patricia dressed like Marie-Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (as he makes a fun ride) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy clashes with the High Art team on the spot when the troupe of comedians interrupts their shooting, with predictable and delirious results. Vidor even works in the final scene as director of Peggy's current production. Also worth noting is Harry Gribbon as the director of Eddie Sedgwick's comedy caricature, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who fails to make Peggy cry for his screen test and then can not stop once she does, and Paul Ralli. like Andre, his dramatic love affair and a false hilarious. When her character tries to "play", it's as if Davies was making fun of all the terrible dramas in which she had been forced. She is brilliant. <br /> <br /> Although it's true, Show People is a hokey satire In ten years, this remains an extremely entertaining example of the quality work done by MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their immense wealth of talents gathered. What a shame, so much has been lost! There are also too many examples of great films like The Patsy (1928), the extremely successful comedy of Vidor and Davies of the same year, languishing in vaults where they could be seen and appreciated.
