I had the opportunity to see this film twice at the Moving Picture Festival 2006 in Birmingham, Alabama. I liked the film so much that I watched it a second time when they had a reminder projection. <br /> <br /> When I think of films presented in festivals, I usually expect them to be edgy and offbeat, often with the feel of an elaborate student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with this type of projects, and I love the unique styles of independent films, but I would sometimes like to see a more traditional approach to making independent films. By "mainstream" I mean more like a film produced for a national release - in other words, a movie you would see in a normal movie theater. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are all totally pro. This film usually has nothing independent. As a budding director, I'm always looking for movies that will motivate me to stop dithering and push harder to advance my career. This is one of those movies. Looking at The Big Bad Swim, my motivation was amazing. I felt like my adrenaline went off. I felt so because I was so impressed by all aspects of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing this long-term project. When a movie makes me feel like that, I know it's really good. This is the first feature film of Ishai Setton and I thought it was my project. For me, it's really rare. <br /> <br /> See this movie. It's beautifully shot and directed, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster offers a very credible and friendly performance. She has a quality in her, a charisma, that really attracts you and keeps you focused on her every time she is on screen. She makes you feel that you know her personally as a friend. It's a gift. I think the industry is really lacking in not using its interpreter skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler have also held leading positions. I can not say enough beautiful things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to the future projects of all those involved in its production.
