I was not really a big Star Trek fan until I was 2-3 years old. With the advent of Netflix and the distribution of post-2000 video technology, I can get into the past of all the big episodes of Star Trek. For those who do not really look at each episode and know it by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the general consensus will say, "I love the next generation," it's the best. Indeed, Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they appeared after decades of Star Trek starvation. But to be honest, I appreciate the creativity of Voyager's episodes more than TNG's. The episodes of Voyager are also progressing in time, unlike TNG. Admittedly, TNG's data is excellent, but it ends up becoming obsolete, but Voyager's doctor - that's creativity! Instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and jerky, give it the freedom to express beyond anything you imagine. Picardo is not only such a great actor, but also the setting for his fulfilling development, as a doctor: science fiction is at its best! Endgame portrays him as a husband married to an "organic", inventing the neuro-implant transceiver for the human-machine interface, and even - in the previous episode, disobeying Captain's order and making mistakes "human". Unlike the DS9, which is fortunate to have 2 beautiful women from the first episode, Voyager must survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I think it is Picardo who has worn with his personality. Of course, the rest of the chemistry of Voyager's distribution runs effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - in a very natural way. I like the occasional humor of Tuvoc, even if I am a Vulcan. Finally, I'm so happy that they got rid of this original captain - oh, if you have the chance to watch the few pictures - thank God for Kate! Over the past seven years, she has become an extremely confident, credible and respectful female Captain. What a beautiful job! Thanks to Star Trek for making Voyager, I enjoy every episode, the creative exploration of possibilities, morals and our cosmic expanse.
