In recent months, I've collected the seasons of Voyager 4 to 7 on DVD (I had only 1 to 3 on video before, because Kes is my favorite character) and I have just arrived at the end. I saw them when they were shown on television here in the UK, but I forgot most of them. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Naturally, as a fan, I would have liked to know more about what happened to the characters once they returned home, but that remains to our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things ??" from Next Gen. The involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new romance starting in the finale (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which causes death in the future. I really liked "Endgame", just for all the characters, Neelix appears although he left the ship two episodes earlier. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with her husband Tom. Tuvok is sick, but going home means he can be healed. Harry has always been the most anxious and determined, but admits that travel is important. The Doctor, in the future, is highly respected by all and finally chooses the name Joe! But of course, the captain plays the most important role, meeting his future man, who wants the crew to come home earlier to avoid losses. The Borgs are involved because they played an important role in this period of Voyager. Alice Krige plays Queen Borg again in a fantastic way, her voice and method of play are beautiful. I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson however, the queen of Borg television replaced by the movie Queen Borg. Maybe she was not available though. The special effects are fantastic: the Borg space sub-center and the Borg Queen in ruins! It's very tense. Especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say they are exactly where they thought they were after saying they had to go down a corridor that leads back to the delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to get inside a Borg sphere to protect it. On the DVD, special features say it was like a Trojan. Voyager could have continued. If it had been more popular, they would have stayed true to their original idea of ​​the crew, realizing that the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and child are there. And then, they could have gone home in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a bit random. The sixth season seemed to be a good followed by a less than good one. The two episodes taking place in the Irish holographic village are horrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took over, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When she appeared for the first time, Season 4 was focused on her for too many episodes, but then she equalized. And his character is sometimes ingenious, 20 years of drone Borg who rediscovers little by little his humanity. I like it, especially in "Someone to watch," "Imperfection" and "Human error". When Naomi Wildman was scared of her at first but then became her friend often by her side, it was charming. Chakotay has become my least favorite character. No more chemistry with Janeway (will he / she not want to?) And you will never think that he was first officer, he is completely dismissed most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and B'elanna's relationship flourish. I have always loved Neelix. Tuvok was good sometimes, especially when he lost his logic, gained excitement, and was friends with Neelix. Harry was sometimes annoying but a decent character at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, given his progress and the comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of all series and you can say that Kate Mulgrew really benefits. <br /> <br /> I wish there were more, I love Voyager!
