So, every year, there is at least one film that has no chance of succeeding at the box office, because from the moment of production, even before a single shot is filmed, everyone chooses this film ... There is a long list of such films, and in the end, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their faults, but are very nice (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few, which are really great for who they are, but no one admits it! I mean, my God, just because the large crowd must have a victim each year on which it can be heard, not everyone has to join them. So yes, maybe these movies are not perfect, but how many movies are there? Every movie is not supposed to be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will appreciate these films, but I bet there are more than those who admit it. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just a funny hysterical, Color of Night (1994), who may not deserve an Oscar, but certainly not a thriller with some twists, Swept Away (2002), Gigli (2003) is an excellent mix of unhealthy humor and beautiful romance, excellent entertainment with truly memorable replicas and pretty much played from the former "Bennifer" couple, and this year it's is "Basic Instinct 2". ! Well, when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical and, although I really love Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I do not understand why the press and the vote are so bad here. He never just copies the original, he has a pretty nifty story, he has the tension, the action, the humor and Sharon Stone is absolutely stunning and takes the role of his life! With 47 years of filming, she looks hotter than many stars in her twenties, but it's more than being beautiful, it's brilliantly played, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she speaks and moves ... first image, you can not leave her eyes. It's just a pleasure to see her play Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also offer strong performances! So I really do not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, exciting, sexy and gritty look, strong performance and you've never been bored! The story may not be Oscar-style, but it does not even try to be! It's an entertainment movie and, in my opinion, it's absolutely effective! So try it!
