Finally, after years waiting for a new film to continue the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct", we had a beautiful suite that is packed with the good elements necessary for such a franchise! I remember everything about the original, the steam, the romance, the sex, the interrogation, the music (from Master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else, from violence to murder to intense clashes. all sorts! Do not get me wrong, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for all audiences. I remember 2001, when we heard the news of such a sequel. Five years later, we have it. I never thought it would end like this. When it was declared an abandoned project, the weather certainly could not tell if it was really a real possibility to start. Well, I guess we now know that everything is possible in this case. Even if the original director or the author is not present, all we need is Sharon Stone, a glamorous and always reliable woman, and it's done! Listen to me, I beg you ... <br /> <br /> When we say that this film is bad, I think it's only because its style is extreme and slightly old-fashioned. I use the word "dated" only because we have not seen a film like this for many years and the audience has adapted to the useless and boring narrative seen in other films that actually bring the film to life. money, and the only reason they earn such income. This is because these films are family friendly. Who needs a little hole and clean? Of course, it's a nice thing to have, but come on! Escape is really rare nowadays, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This film is not an Academy Award winner, nor does it seek to be. It simply offers hardcore fans what they expected. It's a movie to have fun. Today's movies seem to take themselves too seriously, but this film is just loose and fun, does not take itself seriously, not too seriously anyway. That said, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> The film is a rhythmic first-second film, as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, traveling at 110 MPH - and enjoying thrills doing it. Maybe sex and driving do not mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, she is unscathed, but his male partner is not doing too well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect in the accident and will be under the responsibility of an analyst and a psychiatrist. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to her from the first moment he meets her. Like another criminal investigator before him, he is seduced and seduced slowly and surely. His denial of everything begins to crumble around him as she weaves a spell that only she has the power to do. Tramell may be more dangerous now than she was before, but as the first one, we'll never really know, will we? Once the seduction is in motion, jealousy, rage, drugs and many erotic landscapes ensue! <br /> <br /> This film does not recycle the first film, but briefly mentions incidents from previous films from time to time. . This is a good thing. As an audience, this lets us know that the script was written to raise the level one notch or two. Sharon Stone marvels us again, as if 14 years had not passed. His second series of the misleading novelist is just on the spot as earlier. Just awesome! David Morrissey is a good actor and is doing pretty well. Choosing a star that is not popular makes his performance all the more enjoyable because as an audience, we have no knowledge of him, but what we see him play. My last thought was 8.5 to 9 out of 10. This is not the first or the first place. It can however respect the norms established by the first film, and it is the same for the people! That done.
