It seems that it is increasingly fashionable to tear "Basic Instinct 2", to the point that a significant part of the audience (including critics) had found it terrible even before its release. It seems even more fashionable to empty Sharon Stone who, like all of us, is now fourteen years older and, unlike most of us, still looks gorgeous. The first comments on this movie were so vicious that I had to see for myself. In my opinion, this sequel is not nearly as good as the original movie, but it is not as bad as most reviews claim. Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven, neither Henry Bean nor Leora Barish are just Joe Eszterhas. "Basic Instinct 2" is a mean, entertaining thriller and, besides adding the original score of Jerry Goldsmith, keeps little resemblance to its predecessor. Even Stone gives her character a different dimension, creating a devilish and devilish Catherine Trimell, who can perfectly rank among the other monsters like Hannibal Lecter. She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid to take risks and can play with the camp as she sees fit. Unfortunately, she seems to be the main target of those who like to distort this movie. She has become too successful, has been too much a main icon and, like all actors who have reached this level, her time has come and she is now doomed to be destroyed by the Hollywood public. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is exceptional, giving much better performances than the material deserves. David Morrissey is a much better actor and far more interesting than Michael Douglas: his acting is flawless, giving a dense and complex dimension to an otherwise one-dimensional character. Since he has more time on the screen and he is the axis of the film, he can keep your attention from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> I do not recommend "Basic Instinct 2" as a good movie. I am only expressing my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my belief that other agendas than the film shaping the opinion of most viewers.
