Wisecracker, actor William Haines' biography, offers a gratifying anecdote about the 70-year-old star who had long since retired. The old man was not sentimental and rarely watched his own films, but in 1972, he was persuaded to attend a screening at the Los Angeles Museum of SHOW PEOPLE, the last silent feature film he was playing with Marion Davies. Previously, Haines feared that this comedy would cause a bad type of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and probably relieved) of the quality of his outfit and the appreciation of the young audience. Watch the movie today and you'll understand why: SHOW PEOPLE is a charming Hollywood satire that keeps all its charm because it lights its targets with wit and talent, without malice. It's always funny and his satirical points always resonate. It goes without saying that cinematographic technology has evolved considerably since the days of silence, but the pretensions and folly of the filmmakers themselves have not changed much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also the best survivor of Marion Davies, a leading performer who deserves a place of honor in the pantheon of great comedians. As for his career, Davies was blessed and cursed by the patronage of his mistress, the newspaper's magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst had a considerable influence on Davies' choice of roles and that, despite his talent for comedy, he preferred to see her play worthy heroines in period costume dramas. At the end of the 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to play in several exuberant light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, led by the great King Vidor, is her most beautiful performance. . William Haines gives an engaging and likeable performance as his boyfriend and co-starred Billy Boone, but it's the show of the main woman all the way. <br /> <br /> Marion plays the beautiful southerner Peggy Pepper, an aspiring actress who storms Hollywood accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (His father, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Biograph dramas who coincidentally resembled Hearst!) One of Marion's funniest passages, often echoed elsewhere, is his audition at the studio casting studio Comet. While dad's usefully suggests emitting emotions ("Sorrow! ... Joy!") And drops a tissue on her face, Peggy assumes the proper expression and posture. She is hired, only to discover that comet makes comedies in a low voice, the kind of comedies in which people throw themselves into brandy with independent police and incompetent cops rush to the rescue. Of course, Comet is designed as a Mack Sennett Keystone takeoff, but the true nature of the satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. While Peggy Pepper climbs the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves Comet for the prestigious High Art Studio, taking the name "Patricia Peppoire", which is more suitable for her new station as a serious actress. It may be that at some point (as surely was the case for viewers in 1928), Davies' rival Gloria Swanson started in Keystone's comedies before gaining prominence in serious drama. for Cecil B. DeMille. And while Miss Peppoire gets more and more serious, giving the same treatment to former colleagues such as comedian Billy Boone, Davies' performance takes on a wicked parody appearance that seems to squarely target Swanson. This is particularly noticeable during a sequence of interviews, when Miss Peppoire's spokeswoman casts pretentious nonsense while the star delivers a whimsical imitation of Swanson. I guess it was supposed to be a friendly parody, but I have to wonder how Gloria and Marion had friendly relations after the release of this movie. <br /> <br /> Anyway, SHOW PEOPLE is a treat for fans, who will enjoy the parade of star cameos throughout. Charlie Chaplin contributes a little nice, without makeup and seems quite distinguished, looking forward to the autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in a show of sportsmanship, Marion Davies herself presents herself as a mocking cameo, in the evening to make fun of Swanson by making fun of herself.) This is a dumb movie that unsuspecting viewers will appreciate. , could appreciate, at least those who have a taste for films on the cinematographic activity. SHOW PEOPLE certainly belongs to the company of classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most enjoyable and enjoyable exercises in Hollywood for an amused self-examination.
