When I was a child, I always hated being forced to sit in musicals. I never understood why people started to sing like that, and I was far too young to appreciate the art (choreography, scenography, costumes, rhythm) behind all that. Carol Reed "Oliver!" It was the only musical I remember strangely, as a child, probably because it is one of the darkest and is imbued with the spirit of Dickens' misery. It's a musical about life in the ghettos of Victorian London and, although the sets and sets are dark, dark and faithful to this way of life, it's quite strange that people are throwing themselves into songs as ridiculous in the midst of their misery. During a recent viewing, my first since my childhood, I have new ideas about why this music "works" so oddly in singing, and why most simply do not do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals really work or say something, it's because they realize their own strangeness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark", as tragic and lyrical as possible, worked as a musical because the musical numbers were the product of the protagonist's imagination, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Similarly, the very "cynical" and pleasant "Chicago" worked on a similar level, as the musical numbers were the product of a singer / dancer homicide ingenue. Musicals do not work when they take their musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or are just too blurry for anything (ie something useless like "Mary Poppins") . After watching "Oliver!" for the first time in adulthood, I saw it in a new light. Narrated primarily from the point of view of young Oliver, I saw musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of dealing with the horrors of life in the ghettos that surrounded him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy invited everyone in the tavern to sign and dance on the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably eye-catching and looked like a real pub tune where drunks could start singing around a piano. There are other great classical tunes to hear here, and the direction and play of the actors at the dancers are all first rate. <br /> <br /> Yet, in spite of all her sadness (even if it ended up at least for Oliver, although things certainly did not end well for Nancy, and unless you think that one life in the streets is a pick-pocket, it's fun, it was not necessarily a good ending for Fagin or the Dodger, despite I would not classify this film as a family film, but I do not think that the show It's a tough story about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and finding happiness, and I think it would be very interesting to see up to date, how can a revisionist take it, where the people in the streets of Compton sing happy songs about their horrible lives, and I'd like to see a hip-hop version at the cutting edge , "Oliver!" I always thought that Dickens would translate well in this regard. tuel, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the greatest musical movies and perhaps the most bizarre G-rated movie I have ever seen.
