The great cinematographic musicals were created between 1950 and 1970. This period of twenty years can rightly be described as the "Golden Age" of the genre. There were musicals before that, and there have been some since then ... but the real classics seem to have been made in this period. Singin 'in the rain, an American in Paris, the group, seven wives of seven brothers, Oklahoma, the South Pacific, the king and myself, and many others, represent so many cherished products of the time . The last big musical of "Golden Era" is probably "Oliver" of 1968 of Carol Reed. Freely adapted from Dickens' novel, this vibrant musical is a cinematic version of a successful stage production. This is a magnificent film, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Film Award. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) leads a miserable existence in a workhouse. His mother died a few moments after giving birth to him. . After an incident, a meal, he is expelled from the workshop and ends up being employed in a funeral home. But Oliver does not settle very well in his new job and escapes after a few difficult days. He makes the long trip to London where he hopes to seek fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a child pickpocket named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly crook responsible for a gang of thieving kids. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also meets Nancy (Shani Wallis), girlfriend of the most cruel and fearful thief, threatening Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestry and discovers that he comes from a wealthy and affluent background. But his chances of finding his true family are compromised when Bill Sikes forcibly exploits Oliver, making him complicit in particularly risky and ambitious flights. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly assembled film, always pleasant. to the eye and excellently acted by its talented cast. Moody recreates his role on stage with considerable verve, stealing the film to the young with his energetic interpretation of Fagin. Lester and Wild also do well as young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically embodies the role of Nancy and Reed generates genuine Sikes scorn. The musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and showmanship - the Onna White Oscar-winning choreography helps make the song and dance pieces memorable, but Carol Reed's skillful performers and skillful direction also play their part. The unforgettable melodies include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider yourself", "Take one or two", "I'll do anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah", all extremely catchy songs, transmitted via sequences very well put in place. The film is a completely entertaining experience and never really loses momentum for the full 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
