Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was fun, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment with a budget small enough not to be overwhelmed by special effects. And obviously aiming at the audience "De Dusk Till Dawn". "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same thing starting with rock star Jon Bon Jovi playing one of the main characters, but does it almost too well ...: I've never seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie. I'm not able to compare his role in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his other roles, but I was really surprised at his good performance. After the movie started, he convinced me not to expect him to catch a guitar and play "It's my life" or something, but kill vampires, not showing no mercy and doing a job that needs to be done. That means a lot, because some of the audience (me too) probably thought: "... just because he's a rock star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been a lot worse, and in my opinion, Bon Jovi had a very good performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the leather kill machine of a vampire leader we met in the first part (or in a similar way in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductive and very sexy, moving like a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in a very erotic fabric very clear, light and almost transparent. And even the optical effects supporting his kind of movement are very well done. It really takes a few shots. But the director is in parts of the film simply by avoiding turning the action-horrorfilm movie into a sensitive horror movie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to create a film with a VERY personal note and different from the original. This is the true strength of the film and at the same time its weakest point: the audience celebrating the fun bloody bath of the first film probably expects a pure bloody bath for the second time and may be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun bloody bath, but it's not ALL of the time this kind of movie. Think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampiress tries to seduce Zoey in the ruins: the massacre at the bar is what you expect from American popcorn entertainment, the seductive Zoey-in-the-ruins-scene is almost European cinema (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampiress, but at the same time refuses answers because it would have slowed down the action showed the public a vampiress with a human past , a creature suffering now and not just a beast that is only killing anyone). And it is essential for me to decide if the film is accepted or not by the audience of the original film. And also: Will the audience "De Dusk Till Dawn" really like this? I'm not sure of that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace has really done a great job. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think that to make the sequel to a popcorn movie, Wallace is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. As if he restrained himself from developing his talent to satisfy the expectations of the public. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film of life and sometimes captures it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
