I imagine that Victorian literature is sinking slowly into the quagmire of a more and more distant past, driven by the weight of its under-skirts. Then comes television: at its best, it has redemptive power and, with dramatizations such as the BBC produces so finely, Victorian literature takes a new lease on life. Religious themes, moral nuances, can be less and less comfortable in a world where it is no longer easy to shock and become familiar with cohabitation, business and domestic violence. But these old, well-told stories have lasting power. It's a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say today how powerful, feminist and extraordinary Ann Bronte's masterpiece "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" was actually. Out of the mud primitive restrictive corsets? corporal, mental, societal ?? Her heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes a miserable marriage, flees brutality and alcoholism, not only faces the fury of her abusive husband, but also the pinched intolerance and mischievous gossip of society, to change her life. She pays a price; but preserve his vanity; she falls in love along the way; she comes out beaten but victorious and strong. I love watching women like these on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are superb ?? the best Britons have to offer. The love story is superbly managed, with a real passion and a feeling of well-matched actors. Tara Fitzgerald is involved in all aspects of complicated heroin and, as other commentators have said, no less distinct and beautiful face could survive this petrifying hairstyle. Toby Stephens, who throws her sparks, brings a perfect combination of stubborn and beautiful youth and passionate and ardent vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors) likes a charismatic villain (so much so that you are almost with him at the end, no one is perfect). Supportive actors cleverly create a world in which you sink without feeling that crude compromises have been made to modern tastes, and without feeling yourself preached. Another classic of the BBC, highly recommended: here is how to dramatize the romantic literature.
