"Creep" is a new horror movie that, without a doubt, will appeal to many genre fans simply because it is so accurate and unscrupulous! There are many authentic moments of shock, many repulsive gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What she does not have is a logic and a solid plot but, to tell the truth, it did not bother me for a second. When final credits begin to appear, there are many unanswered questions to ponder but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his early days) seems to prefer to focus entirely on the tension and action precipitated by adrenaline rather than on Long soporific speeches and theories could explain the existence of "creep" in the London Underground. The story revolves around the young and high Kate, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to present his new film. She falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train and finds herself stuck in the subway network. Things get really scary when she meets a madman who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment on. Even the experienced homeless, security guards or sewer workers can not save her from this voracious monster! I really dug the creep character! He is nauseating, hideous and primitive but strangely fascinating. Christopher Smith leaves us only clues and clues, and it is up to the viewer to guess the origin and background of this infamous creature. I think it's not very original, and I'm sure a lot of people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better as well as completely exploring the style. " Jeepers Creepers "(This movie started very well at first, but as soon as Creeper's identity was clearly defined, it turned into a very poor horror effort.) The obvious aspect to love is the scandalous gore! There are many massacres in this film and the makeup, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The grim decor of the abandoned London Underground at night is used effectively. There is also some acting talent in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to graphic horror nearly five years after the German film "Anatomy". Creep is great entertainment when you're in an uneasy mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I'll keep an eye on. Make sure you do not take the subway just after watching this movie ...
