Emory is a metalworker in Cincinatti like his father before him, and for most of the twentieth century, the two pillars of his family's life were the steel mill and the union. The plant, which used to employ 45,000 people, saw its number drop to 5,000 recently and now 1, as the plant just closed, leaving only one security guard. At first Emory, a new unemployed person, and his friends take advantage of their independence. They hang out in the city and have fun in their favorite bar, where they indulge in "deep accusations". They think that the mill will reopen after listening to the optimistic speech of their union representative, but the reality begins to emerge when they find themselves selling their personal vehicles in the fight to put food on the table and prevent deportation of their houses. Emory's father - a dedicated unionist - is certain that the plant will reopen and remind his son of all the short-lived closures he has had in his 35-year-old mill. Meanwhile, some unemployed men are doing hard jobs or doing the job and looking for a desperate job. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union admits its helplessness, as Emory explains to his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never reopen. Emory asks in tears, "What did I do wrong?" a life of hard work and dedication to work, unions, church and family left him nothing and nowhere to turn. He hits the bottom when, in a drunken rage, he hurts his young sons and hits his wife on the ground. Out of his home and upset by the plant manager's comments that he and his men had not worked hard enough to justify their large paychecks, Emory is recruiting the metalworkers still in town to do something that will show to all that they are capable of. Early in the morning, they enter the factory, turn on the kilns and work harder than ever, producing at one time enough high quality steel tubes to fill the loading docks, wall by wall, from top to bottom. - something the plant manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> Arrived at the factory suddenly reopened, the stupefied director looks around at the enormous production of a working day, realizing that such a production could make the factory profitable again. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "What were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that decades of hard work, honesty and dedication of the workers made sense and that showing how much they could produce in a day "We just spit on the eye." Emory bids tears to his wife and children as he leaves with his friends looking for work in the south, promising to relocate the family when he finds him. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the plight of US workers displaced by foreign competition and gives a realistic idea of ​​the costs they bear for the short-term vision of demanding unions in the United States. concessions and greedy factory owners who extract every penny possible from their factories but never restores them by modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his academic brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's caring wife, and John Doucette as his wife. dying father all achieve excellent performances in this beautiful image.
