Ah, McBain ?? The name of the character is immortalized and ridiculed forever by "The Simpsons" but it will be forever too ?? for me personally, at least ?? remain the name and title of an extremely entertaining action movie and outrageous violence in the early 90s; directed by the cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and featuring two of the toughest heroes from movie B, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a pretty little macho ponytail). I imagine that "McBain" will largely be described as guilty pleasure, because it is impossible for me to convince anyone that it is an intellectual film. The movie is incredibly ridiculous (most action heroes take a gang of gangsters (McBain takes care of a whole country) and yet takes himself too seriously.The scenario is a non-stop and incoherent fire of cliché situations. , absurd twists, obligatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged action sequences and totally unrealistic character drawings.It's a totally crazy movie, I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam The life of Prisoner of War McBain is saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the very last day of the war, each holding a half-dollar bill as a symbol of McBain's indebtedness. later, Santos is an animated rebel leading the revolution against the corrupt president of his home country, Colombia, Santos's first attempt to regain power fails and he is publicly executed on the balcony of El Presiden His sister travels to New York with the dollar bill and turns to McBain for financial help and manpower. McBain and his former Vietnamese pals, who, coincidentally, are fed up with the injustice in this world, take on a miserable plane themselves and fly to Columbia to open a gigantic tin can. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not kid ourselves. The fact that you read a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you have some interest for low budget movies. One of my critical colleagues spent a lot of time composing a list of all the main nonsense and insensitive moments of "McBain". This list is completely accurate and I can only approve it. Heck, I could even add some more insane sequences to this list (like the absurd and useless heroic abandonment of a soldier who has no affinity with the mission's purpose and the rest of McBain's squad) but what's new? point? You certainly know that you can not expect a coherent and 100% plausible masterpiece. We know beforehand that this will be a silly and overly flamboyant film, and maybe that's the exact reason we want to see it! It is a terribly scandalous and exciting film about a gang of former Vietnamese pals who turned into mercenaries and declared war on the corrupt Colombian president and the national drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This film relies in particular on the performances played by machos, explosions and shootings and ?? finally and especially ?? A fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
