First, an explanation: despite my title, I give only 8 stars to this film because, overall, it is NOT one of the best films ever made. All reviews recorded here have valid points. In addition, know that to appreciate the scenario, you must really appreciate the talent of Neil Simon, who has found the spirit in human jokes. He has a special ear for dialogue in New York - a particularly dry sarcasm, Jewish and infused with love - and if you have trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, then you may have difficulty to accept the optimism at the heart of this film. . <br /> <br /> So much for the warnings. Here is my main point: Walter Matthau is perfectly perfect, even beyond perfect, in this film. I've never seen it so funny or touching anyway - because it shows us at the same time the hilarity of this character who refuses to give up his image of Big Star or his unbearable attitudes even as its coherence is declining, It also shows us the most vulnerable person, maybe even scared inside the grunt. And it barely shows us that sad part - it's just enough to really understand you if you're currently addressing the mental decline of your own father or husband (I mention this as a warning), but artistically, it's just enough pathos to give this character the most authentically deep roots I know in any cinematic performance. This goes beyond the method, Matthau's performance is exquisite as a character work and a pure delight as a comic. It is a masterpiece of the comic game. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find his game annoying in general, and his work in this film is no exception - even if he has good moments here. ("The chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So, if you like it, you should like it here, and if you do not like it, this movie will not change you mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unhappy to be up against Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" that year. It was a murderous year for the main actors competition; if only there were separate Oscars for comedy and drama, then I think that Best Actor Oscars would go to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - without making forget the great work of Jack as McMurphy, but I think that Pacino and Matthau were clearly more masterminded, formidablely effective and quite legendary in their performance, unlike Nicholson that year. Plus, I think Burns had the support actor's Oscar more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good at this movie, but not at that point. (Burns' ever-impressive but unexpected return to himself has defeated Brad Dourif's really brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest," not to mention Chris Sarandon's awesome debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which proves my theory. ) <br /> <br /> Aside from Oscar theories, here's my review: If you like Matthau's comedies, watch this film and enjoy its powerful tirades and wonderful gestures inspired by his grandmother, his fleeting facial expressions and other facets apparently without writing. (But if you're faced with the pain of losing your grip on an older person, be aware that this film may be the comedic relief you need or a dose of reality that is too painful to watch at this time.)
