This film was poorly received and poorly commented. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after World War I, when shock and amnesia caused by trauma were not clichés. Critics later call it many books and movies. It is difficult to go back in time and to live, as the characters have experienced, the reality of the time: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war using a lethal gas, the class system British woman that the woman considered paramount, the girl without hope, and the lover of the past always seen with the eyes of love as young and as beautiful as it was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as the amnesiac soldier who "will die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, relies on the devotion of his character in "Far From the Madding Crowd ". Having seen this performance, it is possible to feel her strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not meet the expectations of the family and society. Margaret says, "We quarreled, and as you rowed, you turned away from me." We know, then, that the breakup was something he had incited to do, that it brought him shame, but that he had forgotten the shame he remembered when he passed Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in those I have seen, he confers a strong masculinity, which is reflected even in his role as a disabled soldier. I did not even recognize Ann-Margaret at first and think her performance was underestimated. Not having read the book, I wondered if the dead child was the result of an uncontrollable reaction between Jenny and Chris, even though Jenny says she "is a cousin". Kitty's way of keeping Jenny in the daycare room while drying her hair, the fact that Kitty says she is still drying her hair in this room seems more like a way for Kitty to keep the embers of anger warmer than the orientation of the room in the sun. , or feeling about a lost child, and her statement that she wished Chris had not felt it necessary to preserve the room as it was when the child was alive seem insensitive to the memory of it. In addition, it is shown that Jenny lives in the house in a subordinate role, as high society would have done to a fallen member at the time. <br /> <br /> Having recently been the recipient of the intense fantasy of a lover (non-sexual in accordance with the customs of the time) of 50 years ago, I could identify with Margaret's dilemma and from her husband. I, too, was put aside because I was not good enough for his family and after his rediscovery of me on the Internet, I had to help him manage his still very horrible experiences in Vietnam and marry a a woman above his class whom he did not think he loved. My husband, like Margaret's, was very understanding, but the tension was real. The lover was finally able to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy of loving only me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little of the revivification of the war experience that was going on. in Chris's mind. I was thinking of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the First World War soldier who was acting in very violent memories and killing himself in the face of Chris's joy in his fantasy of Margaret. On the other hand, the actions of the soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" seem overloaded. <br /> <br /> The fact that the psychiatrist very little understood what was happening to Chris highlights how the entire group was facing a major problem. Everyone seems to be getting their life back, but was it the right choice?
