I just saw this exquisite 1982 film Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. He is a fortieth captain in shock who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to British soil but remains in a London hospital. He lost his memory and became a boy again, with a persistent yen for the heart of the lower class that he pursued 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He lingers in his childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an insupportable and aspiring social society that wants him to resume his place in society. Her cousin Jenny, who loved Private Chris Baldry, lived with them as they grew up as playmates, but she has now become single. The woman of the lower class, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is ELLE who is informed that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she wonders, did this other woman send a telegraph on Chris rather than on her? Chris totally forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Margaret, now married, hesitates to meet him, but does so and continues to meet him. A psychiatrist (Ian Holm) warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will go away if he "heals" him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a secret alliance with Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Late in the movie, Kitty reveals that Chris and she had a boy who died five years ago. Saying that to Chris, weighing the Shrink, will certainly bring him back to normal. But is it a good idea? Chris, barely aware of his marriage to Kitty, is unaware that his child is dying. The psychiatrist, who has just learned from the child, believes that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris on their own because Kitty believes he's pretending and refusing to accept Chris's illness back to his youth in his forties. The film leaves her mostly on the sidelines of what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the child's perfectly maintained bedroom - with Kitty also in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they think should be done about Chris from their separate points of view. Margaret is the critic here because, although married, she has fallen in love with Chris again. Jenny believes that Jenny's social stature will be threatened if Chris does not recover. She does not reveal it to Margaret, though. Margaret decides, in the future, that Chris can not maintain his imagination over time, but must return to a real life. While Kitty and Jenny watch him through the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris and tells him about his lost son. The war victim, the war victim, lowers his head, his shoulders collapse, he looks away. He walks depressed towards the house. End <br /> <br /> I read reviews of Rebecca West's first novel. The novel was written something after the first war. The film never clearly says who Jenny is, his cousin or sister. It would be more exciting if she were his sister, of course. Criticism does not say it either. I'm sure West, in her novel, makes sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is neither Henry Miller nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about his relationship with his father in adulthood to avenge him for having assaulted him as a child) considered reading, but then decided to do not do it. Rebecca the author also needs to restore Chris. She also has outposts in the head of the Society, her novel excotes first but embraces finally one more time.
