'The Shop Around the Corner (1940)' is a nice romantic comedy, not the one that I will keep until the end of my days, but nevertheless a film that deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long stormed Hollywood and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a sparkling commercial brand. This film was scheduled for release in 1939, but scheduling conflicts prevented James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan from filming. Rather than substituting one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, while directing Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka (1939)". Once completed, "The Shop Around the Corner" seems to have met with relative indifference, having received no Oscar nominations despite an excellent screenplay by Samson Raphaelson and great performances from his two main roles and Frank Morgan in a supporting role . However, time has betrayed the film's massive and enduring influence, with prestigious remakes such as "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)". <br /> <br /> on its surface, one might think that "The Shop Around the Corner" is simply the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without the know. However, the Lubitsch film is much deeper than that. This is the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish souvenir shop in Budapest, and the diverse relationships that make this store a united family. When store owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect his oldest employee of having an affair with his wife, we witness the breakup of two families, at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why the story did not happen in the United States ?? maybe in the windy streets of New York ?? but Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of his years in Europe, the picturesque charm of love and life before the war, bringing terror and bloodshed to every door. This subtle subtext brings a more personal touch to the movie. In fact, even at the time of writing this review, I'm beginning to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both delightful in their respective roles, but I think it's really the secondary cast. make the movie. Each character brings a distinct personality to the mix and their interactions are always credible and enjoyable. I particularly appreciated the way in which Lubitsch consciously directed much of our sympathy for Hugo Matuschek, who in any other film would have been limited to an underdeveloped two-dimensional representation. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he takes it back in the affection of his employees and you feel a comforting glow when, in the bitter cold of a snowstorm on Christmas Eve, he finds the company of a young young man with a freckled face. boy (Charles Smith). This sincere warmth towards a secondary character is very similar to many of Billy Wilder's later creations, such as Boom Boom Jackson in "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti! (1972). 'Of course, it does not really need to be said, but Billy Wilder has learned from the best.
