SHOP AROUND CORNER is one of the sweetest and warmest romantic comedies of all time. There is no way around this, and it's hard to express your feelings about this movie. It is not one of those films that is the subject of a fierce fight, nor does it propose scenarios as strange as possible to bring together the two protagonists at the end. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained in the characters, the frame and the plot ... which is extremely credible. It's easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as ever told, * could * happen to you ... a feeling that you do not often get other romantic comedies, so sweet and so comforting that they can be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the best ideas for dating when she arrives at the shop (Matuschek & Co.) where he works for a long time nine years, asking for a job. They clashed from the start, mostly around a pack of cigarettes playing music when it's open - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; she makes a big sale and gets hired. Their quarrels lead them through the next six months, even if they fall in love with each other (unconsciously, of course!) By sharing their souls and their spirits in letters transmitted through the post box 237. base a whole film, except that THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is cleverly embellished by a brilliant support team composed of characters quite engaging, Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), father but lonely, who learns that his store is really his house; Pirovich (Felix Bressart), Kralik's sidekick and a friend who always comes out of the room when he is confronted with the possibility of asking for his honest opinion; Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), a day-by-day who finally pulls out of the game of a gloriously fair Kralik; and ambitious racing boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the position of clerk of Matuschek & Co. The story of unpretentious love between "Dear Friends" takes place in this small shop from Budapest, Hungary, to Kralik's informal dismissal and subsequent promotion as a store manager help the two future lovers. It's good that everyone has a story in this movie. the secondary characters are well developed and Matuschek's journey in life is almost as touching as that shared by Alfred and Clara. His invitation to new pupil Rudy (Charles Smith) for the Christmas Eve dinner, made in the beautiful swirling snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the public happy not to be alone; we even come to characters whose love story is not part of the film. <br /> <br /> Besides the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He does not play the full character of Jimmy Stewart in this film (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes To Washington' for that); Alfred Kralik is actually pungent, abrupt and not particularly nice. In fact, he is rather an abrupt man, with little clue (until the very end perhaps) of the childish charm that would reign down the house that Stewart would soon be patenting. When he discovers in front of Clara that they have corresponded in secret, in fact, Kralik does not understand - he waits to see how far he can lead the charade, especially since he quickly realizes (considering of his stormy relationship with Clara as chief and subordinate) that loving the person he knows through the letters exchanged might not be worth loving the person himself. Her description to Clara of the fictitious Matthias Popkin (what name!) Who would become his fiancé is hilarious to the extreme, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal all that there is for a man, like her the letters do not reveal all that is there for her. Stewart plays that role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly controlled every time Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as she often does, even (and especially) in the face. And yet it is believed, under the harshness and professionalism, that he could reveal his identity with as much fervor, sincerity, and absolute hope that he ends up doing it. <br /> <br /> Special mention must also be given to other members of the cast. Margaret Sullavan is doing rather poorly in the first half of the film, but she really stands out in the closing scene of stores on Christmas Eve, when she is almost heartbroken by Alfred's most vivid description of her life. letters box. Frank Morgan achieves a good performance while Hugo Matuschek, jealous, leads to the nervous breakdown, the man who must rediscover his sense of life when he realizes that his wife, 22, does not want to "grow old with him ". And Felix Bressart plays wonderfully the soft but loyal Pirovitch (a Lubitsch regular, since he presents himself as a hilarious Russian ambassador to NINOTCHKA). It should be noted the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred to receive the Christmas present This last * really wants * a wallet instead of this ridiculous cigarette box, Clara is so hooked. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this film - for example, the meticulous and prodigious care given to the creation of the Matuschek shop is well worth the effort, right up to the Hungarian names on the door, the goods and the cash register and so on. But even if Lubitsch chose to make history happen in Hungary, the framework is in fact universal: it could happen anywhere; it could happen to you. This is the charm of this simple story, these credible characters who are really people. The snow on Christmas Eve is also real, or at least as real as Lubitsch was able to do (he brought snowmobiles at great expense). It is this desire to make everything as real as possible that contributes to making the story even more credible, which gives this film a dreamy realism that can not be reproduced. (No, not even in a remake like YOU'VE GOT MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This * is really Jimmy Stewart's movie for Christmas, that people miss when they talk about IT'S A LIFE WONDERFUL. Without harming the merits of this other film, there would be no harm, and in fact much good to watch THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER this Christmas instead. It's sweet, funny, charming and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be lucky to have the romance described in this film; The best thing about this movie is that we come out with the feeling that we could do it.
