It's a crowd of major spoilers, so beware. <br /> <br /> "The Beauty Prize" still suffers from the two films Louise Brooks directed with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl", "but in some ways," Prize "is Brooks's film par excellence, and here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her collaboration with Pabst - what" Prize "actually does not have for Pabst's films In this first French film, the entirety of Louise Brooks' mystique is powerfully articulated with a combination of image, song and music.The Charleston is what seems most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is more present in the tango.The price of tango also plays an important role in "Price", being the music with which she danced during her short rise to fame after becoming Miss Europe, and later when she gave up her celebrity Taking advantage of a mundane existence as a wife of jealous husband Andre, the craving for his abandoned fame becomes apparent when the same tango record is seen on his apartment record player. Brooks' tango is so appropriate that it is used to accompany the documentary about his life, "Looking for Lulu", a film narrated by Shirley Maclaine. The cheeky and hard-hitting quality of tango embodies Louise Brooks' erotic, strong yet elegant individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "I have only one love, it's you" adds an immense amount of pathos to what is not a great film (but a very good one). By the way, Brooks' voice has not been dubbed for the film by Edith Piaf as some say. Piaf was born in 1915 and was only discovered in 1935. The song, however, is what Brooks' character, Lucienne, sings to André at the beginning of the film to comfort him and express his deep affection. And at the climax is the song she sings for her screen test, as she looks with the producers and managers who intend to shape her career. This continues on the screen after her husband André, who followed her into the projection room, shoots her and kills her. In one fell swoop, with Lucinenne's dead body resting at the bottom of the screen and her screen test continuing with the song she has already sung for André, the essence of what movies do other art forms are perfectly characterized. As Andre looks at his wife now dead singing in front of him, the murder weapon still smoking, he smiles subtly. She is now her forever, and by association, ours. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks' career collapsed after the "Prix de Beaute", which also caused the death of her last role. This film really seals Brooks' mystique more than Pabst's films (which are undoubtedly superior films). It also shows how movies are at the origin of the very idea of ​​cinema "cult": people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than during their lives.
