An obsessive love story pushed to the extreme and a beautiful swan whose beauty is the ticket even for its own premature death. Placed at the beginning of the discussions, the BEAUTY AWARD is a silent film - always with the heart in mind - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a little annoying for anyone entering this movie because the recorded audio is extremely metallic and does not help it. Hearing a sound conversation on the stage during the initial sequence that takes place on a beach, for example, is part of the film as an actress who doubles the dialogue of Louise Brooks and steals the audience from a great performance. Apart from that, the film rolls more or less well, with little jumps in the continuity here and there - something quite common in the movies of this time - and this vague sense of velocity typical of silence. In a sense, it's a film experience, closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style of visual presentation and the almost intimate close-ups that elevate it above what would be a more pedestrian level. . Louise Brooks plays here a character less flattering than what she was known for: it is a stenographer who on a lark decides to enroll in a beauty contest despite the furious opposition of her boyfriend extremely stuffy. His role is rather thirty and contemporary for his time; the last roles of flapper / jazz baby were shown on screen and now, with the beginning of women's independence, women as professionals were represented in the film. That Brooks's character decides to leave her boyfriend (even if she "reconciles" with him later) is also a bit ahead of her time. However, the fatal flaw of her character lies in her willingness to believe that her boyfriend does not want her to succeed - and that's what will lead her to the movies. This last sequence looks like something that comes straight from Hitchcock in his increased suspense (seen in THE MAN WHO HAD TOO MUCH) and which is cut off from Brooks, his screen image and the murderous boyfriend. What's even more dramatic is the placement of Brooks, still alive, singing, with the one who is now dead, a chilling effect on a powerful and scary movie.
