We saw the silent version of this film, which is simply a shimmering beauty. It's quite difficult to see how a sound version could have been created, since it is shot with a purely silent technique, long narrative passages without words without a single title - with the exception of some disconcerting sequences where Louise Brooks, playing a French typist is obviously speaking English ... The only section that obviously requires sound is the final scene, where Brooks watches the rushes for his test "for a soundtrack": a film that is constantly playing at the back during the course of the action, with his mouth moving in a song without incessant noise. I was not surprised to learn later that this passage of the walkie version was hailed as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of his first scenes and in the inevitable fairy tale of what follows, the film looks like a dream. As a "Louise Brooks film", it was not at all what I expected, neither of her Hollywood comedies nor the German melodramas of GWPabst: I found the idiom more fluid and pleasant than the one or the other, and Brooks herself is a different creature, a strong young animal laugh rather than a vampire or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this film more depth than it appears at the beginning is the second unexpected half; repulsed by the rich parasites piled around her beauty, the poor princess returns to a meeting stained with tears with her truly humbly born love ... and the tale could very well have been finished here. The fairy tale, however, turns to drama. The dilettante Grabovsky, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he desires, is only too correct in his self-interested prediction - young lovers can not make themselves happy - and Andre, ironically, was right to be wary of social influence. beauty contests: after the intoxication of her moment of glory, Lucienne falls into despair at the banal routine of married life, while her husband, in turn, is unleashed by any reminder of the case. If it were a simple case of mismatched marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, "Beauty Award" reminds me of the "Sunrise" of Murnau. But if that were the case, the fair and the photographer's scenes would be a distorted image of the happy reconciliation of "Sunrise"; no dream but an alienating nightmare. And the next dawn does not bring a miraculous meeting, but an empty bed and an abandoned house. Leaving a letter to say that she loves him and will always love her, Lucienne disappears again from the life of Andrew in search of brilliance and freedom; and this time she will never come back. <br /> <br /> The chronicles of gossip confirm all the worst convictions of André, who learns where his wife is thanks to information that associates his name with Grabovsky. When the young worker finally enters the sumptuous sanctuary of the projection room, it is with a rifle in the air - to be welcomed by the sight of his rival courting and caressing a Lucienne who laughs, the same woman who had devoted to all her love forever She left him. He kills her, but even as he kills, the living image on the screen pierces him, Lucienne in all his glory transformed as he has never seen. The two women are juxtaposed in a powerful and endless moment, seeing that Andre is seen, seized, insensitive and dismissed: the dying girl and her ego always singing above him, caught off guard in celluloid eternity, playing on the unconscious of life or death or the love under it ... <br /> <br /> The main discordant element of the film is the character of Antonin, a colleague of Andrew's work, who seems to play no role outside of being the wickedness of contemporaries. It is the villain who will never reach the girl, the impious debauchee who has been caught and has been tormented in the toilets and at work, and who must accept all this with an uncertain thankless smile in his vain hope. of social acceptance: a typical product of the in other words, but the public is apparently invited to laugh with his tormentors. Unless the intention is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for which I do not perceive any sign), the character seems to exist simply in the form of comic relief, but a comic relief with a distinctly nasty edge. When we only know him as an inept Peeping Tom at the water's edge, it's easy to laugh, though the revenge of others seems a little exaggerated; When we discover that it is no coincidence, that André's colleague and his usual sidekick, ongoing attacks quickly stop being very fun. <br /> <br /> But these are the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
