I am a very good supporter of Mitchell Leisen, so I was very much expecting the rental of this film, but the draw I got was extremely bad, so worn and burned that it seemed irreparable, the film was so dark . So dark that in some cinematographic scenes in the dark, we can not see anything. That said, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It begins in an unusual way and does not contain the lines and rhythms of the typical film of the 30s in Hollywood. Heck, not even your typical Hollywod movie of any era. It seems that the director was influenced by the Europeans because the procedure in the foreground gives a certain caustic realism in the movement and placement of the camera, unlike Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray). You half expect them to start singing "Make believe" in Show boat. It starts with a few bursts of laughter and poor Anthony plays a role in a scene where he does not speak a word of English, gets slapped by Freddie. Skids is a tramp who does not care if he's a tramp. That's why he joins the army where he can hide from the world. He has just been released and in a series of scenario shenanigans he misses his boat for New York. It is at this moment that the film goes into high gear and we begin to integrate the French film of the sixties in the whole process. The scenes are so well performed by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film takes the pulse. MacMurray is good too, because Lombard and he fall in love with each other because she feeds her talent for the trumpet. Then the temptress arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the plot. The film has fantastic editing sequences that dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombard marks a homer in this film, but in the second half, a little more is called Freddie and he can not deliver the goods. With a strongly melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe in, the film is missing, but it's not your typical film in terms of structure, scenography and direction. Well worth a look. As for what was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. I do not know his exact rank though.
