I came across this movie for the first time while reading a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched a lot of his films and that I find his best work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was supposed to be one of his best. Even if it did not bother me, it did not impress me as much as RETAINING THE DAWN, DEATH TAKES HOLIDAYS, KITTY or even GOLD EARRINGS. I guess it's too old now to be liked. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem with the movies he shot which were musicals. Most of the scores he worked with were quite mediocre. It is true that two standard films appeared in his films, but these were rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT THE VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA But the rest from MURDER AT's score Vanities were forgettable. "Mona Lisa" was the only song of CAPTAIN CAREY. That should not have been the case: Leisin's studio had Rogers and Hart working in the early 1930s. Why could not he have been involved in a project with them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is pleasant but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered on the world of entertainment, because Fred Macmurray shows great talents as a trumpet player (he even embodies Carole Lombard taking him in his arms by wrapping around the trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how passionate her lover is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> The film has a picaresque style: it starts on a steamer on which Lombard works, as a manicure. . His boss, Franklin Pangborn (the ship's barber), constantly harasses her. Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and we consider MacMurray a soldier whose enlistment ends soon. Their first scene together has a touch of Leisin: MacMurray speaks to Lombard, she on the deck of the boat and him at the edge of the wall of the lock. A good way to continue the action while the dialogue is a little boring. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets "the other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments of the film are about the collapse of the relationship with Lombard and his collapse of jazz trumpet (his appearance and his need for alcohol are very unusual for a MacMurray character - even his darker characters such as Walter Neff or Mr Sheldrake or the naval officer who pushes Caine Mutiny has not demonstrated his alcohol addiction. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good like the beloved but injured woman by MacMurray. a lot to do - the film probably had more scenes than it does, but its attempt to bring MacMurray back into the wagon is remarkable - in the first part, Pangborn is doing very well - rarely seen in the movies, the little actor Carl Judels is effective as a fan of sunny days, MacMurray drops him as he passes (though he gives him a handout). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is also commonplace in this film as usual but he has a when he looks sheepishly at the keyboard of a piano in the halls he, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard leaves - his red-faced appearance is due to the embarrassment caused by a lie that MacMurray insists on fact is true. It was a pleasant and subtle moment. If only his subtlety had been in his game rather than in his moments of shy humor.
