THE ODD COUPLE by Neil Simon has created a model for many of his later pieces. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the two unsuitable roommates of the original, the former being difficult and neat, the latter being careless and casual. Simon would rewrite (with less success) the piece in the 1990s under the name "NEW ODD COUPLE", with roommates. He made a mixed couple (a woman with his daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also gave another twist in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine in the role of Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the elderly and semi-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the problem of "the apartment" is reduced to a team of two men who can not bear each other. The 1976 film starred Walter Matthau as Willie and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> In reality, Al probably does not think about Willie - Willie is pathological about him. First, Al had few habits, such as accidentally spitting a bit by pronouncing words beginning with the letter "t" and hitting Willie lightly with his forefinger on the stage. Secondly, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin), to try to find jobs in commercials, but Willie does not remember replicas unless they are funny, is able to stay until the end of a rehearsal for an advertisement. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to bring the two together for a live scene from their most famous sketch of a TV show on American Comedy, brings Al to see Willie, and the sparks start to fly, because no one can understand what the other is doing (and that's just for the rehearsal.) In addition, Willie insists that changes are made (minors, but they reject Al) as saying "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door.The initial rehearsal is a failure, but Ben manages to get them to record the show. The question is whether they will finish the scene in the finished program or Will ie is he going to twist Al's neck? <br /> <br /> The three leaders, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, are doing very well with what looks like vaudeville (example: "Chest pain ... I'm starting to have chest pain, Uncle Willie. Every Thursday, I come here and I feel chest pains! "So come on Fridays! Benjamin strives to prove his deep affection for his uncle, although Matthau's rough outer envelope makes it difficult (he only fades when he discusses fame). better the reality (in the beginning) than Burns, who seems senile to repeat himself - but in reality, Matthau's feeling of rejection by the world that has applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly.Burns is not senile - He takes things slowly, but he seems much happier to accept his retirement. <br /> <br /> I call this a "journey of discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark Al and Willie transcend their the old skits, as they finally realize that they have more in common with their old age than they thought Even the irascible Willie admits that Al could be (for him) a pain in the ass, but that he was a funny man. <br /> <br /> Bur ns was not the initial choice for the game of "Al Lewis" (su Dale of Team Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably have done a good job, but his condition forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last role in a movie was in THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a narrator) performed so well that he was awarded the "Oscar" for Best Supporting Actor and was going to make career in movies the next decade. in movies like OH GOD! OH GOD, YOU DEVIL; and go in style. He died in 1996, at the age of 100, after proving he was more than just a heterosexual for his wife Gracie Allan.
