I have seen "Miracles Still Happen" now at least four times. I do not get tired of this fantastic movie. From the beginning, it holds the interest of a person. As the film moves forward and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we watch this girl trying to survive alone and scared in the Amazon, following a plane crash. in which she was the only survivor. The loss of her mother in this accident also makes this film even more dramatic, because we see the perils that this girl had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that this really happened is simply unreal and to think that anyone could survive this situation is unmentionable, because we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as countless insects. As the film progresses, we see the many dangers that this girl faces in trying to follow the river in the hope that it leads to the city. Remembering what her father had told her about the fact that a stream would always lead to a river and then to an even larger river and that it would eventually lead to a community, this girl keeps track of the tiny stream that ultimately ends to a huge river throughout the film. Sometimes forced to swim in dangerous waters, alone, frightened, hurt, she still managed to continue. Toward the end of this film, it was obvious that she could not have gone on longer, since she had not eaten for ten days and had only water to drink. She was very sick and tired of her dangers. Finally, when she sees a boat, she realizes there must be a village and the men find her and they take care of her and then take her to the hospital where her father comes to see her, after to have feared to be dead with many others. The passengers. Such a dramatic film and so comforting to see the face of his father when he sees that his daughter is still alive after all this time spent in the Amazon! Movies like this one are not done much these days. I'll see him again and I know I'll never get tired! To think that this girl was the only survivor of this plane is indescribable! In addition, the fact that she sustained only a few very slight injuries was even more remarkable, while all the other passengers of this plane had perished in the horror of the accident in wild areas of the Amazon. A brilliant film, beautifully played and I will cherish forever and love to keep watching! Highly recommended by me for sure!
