It was considered the "Swiss response to Lord of the Rings", but it's much more than that. It's not an answer to something, it's something new in itself, something funny and sometimes it's downright stupid and silly - but was Monty Python different from the idiot? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately indicates that the film is low budget and should not be taken seriously. Clouds of cardboard on ropes hit the plane in which the main character is sitting. But, to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape does the trick. It's absolutely beautiful and beautiful - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked in the film is the simple approach, the obvious passion and the energy that is invested in it. It's not brilliant; yet he has some good humorous roles. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go see the movie because of him! There are good jokes, some are very lame, others will not be understood by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take with him "Pupsi", a telehobbie. The scene is also very entertaining when Rackaroll, the sword fighting knight, decides to show up with his sword - and then smashes it against a wall. And there is this scene where the characters "nazgul-ish" realize a wonderfully comic scene including a toilet brush ... I do not approve the idea of ​​the use of the Ring by Schleimli, the character "Gollum ", in order to" seduce "the ladies. It was a little far-fetched. The idea of ​​Lord Sauraus wanting to cover the land with a fondue was not brilliant either. Original, certainly, but not great. But most of all, I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it was really not necessary. Overall, I recommend seeing the movie simply because it's so crazy and totally trashy. Do not expect a parody of LotR as "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies thinking that this evening will be fun and unambitious, you will enjoy. I do not know if it works in other languages, because it lives Swiss dialects as well as jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> In the end: hat to the courage of the Swiss crew who did that!
