Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very amusing. Normally, I do not like musical things like this, but the song was not lame like on the box. The film was useful for learning history because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto riot in 1976. It showed you things from the point of view of the students who had rioted and showed you that it was real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, it makes them more like an audience and makes them more sympathetic to them, as victims of white government, with whom you can not sympathize. The students' singing is correct because we know from stories that students in the riot sang and danced before it became violent. The clothes of Sarafina's students are very similar to those of Soweto's photos. The film was shot in Soweto, which is why it looks very precise in many areas. All of these things make the film more accurate for someone using it to learn more about apartheid. As viewers, we have to criticize how the history of apartheid has been portrayed. As I said before, you become friendly to students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. In addition, this changes some details of other accounts. In Sarafina, the policeman enters the classroom and shoots the students. The police and army have been very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the military fired on students, but there is no indication that they are going to schools to execute people like these. The fighting took place in the streets and was the scene of looting and crime. This is done in the movie probably to make you feel more sorry for the students. The film would have been more useful if it contained different information about apartheid. The teacher was arrested for his opposition to the government and the mother went to work in a house of white people. But there is no information about the government and why it does it, nor any details about racist policies and laws. -By George S, Chris and Finlay
