This film reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie, it reminds me a lot of 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise who is a star of temperament and who eventually falls and breaks his ankle, as Bebe Daniels did it in 42nd Street and another performer gets the role and becomes a star. . This film, like most racing movies, allows people to watch through great entertainment. Racing movies have always shown Black Entertainment as such was really popular at that time. Dance styles, music, sartorial styles, you will love. This film could have been great if it had been shot in Hollywood, it would have had better landscapes, better filming and more money, which would improve any movie. But it's worth watching because it's good and Micheaux is good with the little he has. I must say that among all Micheaux's films, Swing is the best! The film presents singers, dancers, actresses and actors popular but forgotten nowadays. Doli Armena, a great trumpet player who knows how to sound the horn so that you believe that Gabriel is blowing a horn in the sky. The sexy dancer Consuela Harris would shame Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Adding additional information ... Cora Green, popular blues singer of the 20's and 30's, is at the center of the film, it's Mandy, a good working woman who has a good man who takes his money and spends it on other women. A curious neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she saw and heard and Mandy goes to the club and grabs his man with a seductive and curvy woman named Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, an artist of Hot-Cha in the 30s) and a fight breaks out. Then, Mandy goes to Harlem where she finds a little guardian angel, Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women of the cinema, Dorothy Van Engle. Lena provides Mandy with a home, a job and help to become a star when Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I guess she plays two roles or maybe changed her stage name) tries to ruin the series with its bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right to do the job and Lena is right and a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, lean, but beautiful, Carman Newsome is the cool, aspiring producer Lena is also looking for. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays the role of non-good man, but after Lena threatens him, he could take shape. There are some highlights, but the one that strikes me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) struts late for the rehearsal and goes off to everyone, then her man comes in and knocks her on the jaw, but that's not enough, she almost quarrels with Mandy again. In between, the choir girls, the tap dancers, the shake dancers, the swing and the blues sing. There are even whites who watch the shows, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there are blacks and whites sitting at the club, Micheaux frequently included blacks and whites in his films he should be commended for his bold gesture. <br /> <br /> This film is the first racing film I really enjoyed and it made me discover Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best motion pictures, it's a behind-the-scenes story about the ups and downs of the entertainment industry. <br /> <br /> No, these first race movies may not be the best. be compared to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, but they are great to watch because their first black-and-white signs and more, these films offer a glimpse of dark life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films allowed Blacks to play with people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, elegant and elegant, not just to be stereotypes or to show how whites felt that blacks should be portrayed in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these racing films are not the best, but they are the only ones who can afford them at the time. Micheaux and Spencer Williams Can not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and other more important stars for Micheaux and other film-makers to race black and white use disco artists in their films. Some are good, some are not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most of them were not good actors and actresses, but they were more used as experience that for true talent, they simply wanted their stories to be told and, in return, many black artists had to interpret their true talents in the movies. For some real actors / actresses, racing films were the only type of film they could work on, especially if they did not want to reproduce Hollywood stereotypes. So I think you'll be able to spot the real actors / actresses of the discotheque artists. . These racing films are very historical, they could have been lost forever, many are, maybe the racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but even the Hollywood movies did not start at the beginning. I think if the kind of racing movie went on, it would have been better. If you're looking for good acting, most racing movies are not those, but if you're looking for a true example of black entertainment and the way blacks should have been portrayed, watch the race movies . There are entertaining racing movies with a good cast of actors, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella offer not only good entertainment, but also good acting.
