I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I really like this movie, but I would not say it's a "Mother Night" movie that I read. When people say that Vonnegut is infiltrable, two things come to mind. The first is that many of his themes are very close, even taboo, despite the accusation sometimes made against him that he chooses relatively "easy" targets for his satire. This means less every day that passes with regard to filmability. The filmmakers seem to love breaking taboos and I really hope for the version of "Bluebeard" currently in production. Surprising to think that an innocent play like Vonnegut's "Sirens of Titan" would probably have been the equivalent of "R" if it had been shot when it was published in the 1950s, for its violence, its language and its thematic and sexual content. tragedy that no one has yet come up with a filmable storyline. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some directors will take a close look at "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> The other thing is her narrative style, ironic irony over irony, but it always makes her hilarious funny. It seems impossible to objectify, and this seems to be the main obstacle to the making of great movies, because the little comments of the author that color our response as readers are simply not possible in films without use too often clumsy techniques such as "discussions". Vonnegut suggested that he lacked a character in the filmed versions of his work, himself as an author / narrator. To his credit, "Breakfast of Champions" (the movie) tried to keep the comedy and came a little to harvest for his pains. Like another turkey made from a Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> However, there is nothing wrong with what a director gives us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is This is an excellent example of how, like another critic says, a good director can add visual poetry to a source like this. But we lose so much humor that, even if it's the same plot, it's not really the same novel that I read. If that had been the case, I would have probably rolled down the aisles laughing a few times while watching him. For a reader of the novel, I think a funny laugh, even at the end, is forgivable. The end of the film, however, is truly poignant, and I think one of the film's successes is that it can actually leave you feeling that you've seen someone walk between good and bad, and that the Jury is still not apart. <br /> <br /> Alone and in itself, it's worth a look. Technically, there are some minor but flagrant errors, especially in the continuity, and it seems too often dull and theatrical, but most of the time, it hits an acceptable note and sometimes shows imagination and resourcefulness. The game of actors is generally of a high level, even if, according to the current norms, the dialogue is a little tense. <br /> <br /> He survives quite well looking back to back with "Slaughterhouse-5". Vonnegut shot a few more "good" movies, mostly versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who am I this time?" and some other things like, of course, the failed film version of her very funny but disposable piece, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece, if it still exists, made in the 70s and entitled "Between Time And Timbuktu" that Vonnegut apparently did not like very much, although he was involved in his production because he felt badly interpreted in its generality. He said it reminded him of the strange surgical experiments in HG Wells' story "The Island of Dr. Moreau", but for many people it was an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the movies do not make you want to go to the upper source, they do not do their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, the big show is in your head.
