I have not read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother's Night yet (although I have read other books about him, all of them exceptional satire pieces and game-changing novels). After seeing the film adaptation of his book by Keith Gordon, it will be an immediate reading in the near future. This is the kind of material that I'm sure if the film was not shot in 1995/96, it would be immediately taken back today, at the time when many movies post-present / present -on the Holocaust / Second World War are very popular. . Except that it is much darker, though more resonant, than the reader, about the nature of the roles and the real underlying horror of life after the war. This is the real danger of pretending in times of war, which is really what a spy in the Second World War is. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a scenario with a lot of emotional depth and the complexity of the moral choice and the constant role, even after the end of the war, for Howard W. Cambpell ( Nick Nolte), which is the case. But it is also a real feat of cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think of as a really powerful material director (I think of him as an actor, strangely described briefly with Vonnegut himself in Back to School), but it's a revelation. He takes Campbell's story as the story of a fractured life: a German propaganda master (the "only American staying in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for the Americans but can never have his identity revealed. , and was in front of a playwright who actually belonged to "a nation of two," he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows him from his prison cell, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, as he writes his memoirs and recounts his disenchantment at being a "fake Nazi" and then half-hiding in 1960 in a new apartment. yorkais most of the film takes place. <br /> <br /> Mothers' Night can be quite heavy, as on a level that could be associated with the pianist, but on another level more emotional-cerebral than the thick poetry of this film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, if not the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long-lost love with a "sister" who returned to NYC, so he is left to his own devices when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very very good here), and is then discovered as a Nazi concealed by a newsletter of supremacy white, leading to his apartment. On the face of it, this should only be a simple spying story, but nothing is simple. The "something" of this man's life is stunning, but it's ultimately his choice. Campbell is one of those characters that could be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions could be drawn (and, in a way, reflect the line that Goebbels said): the bigger the lie, the more people believe it. This is the case of those who have started the lie and who know its secret and its power. <br /> <br /> But it would be one thing if it was a fantastic and tragic-comic tale, or another if we had really fantastic performances (which is the case: Nolte is at its best here, and Sheryl Lee, who will probably be remembered for Laura Palmer at Twin Peaks, stuns in several roles, especially in the scene where she reveals she is not really 'Helga). It's also a beautifully shot movie, with bright lights and shots that reflect the character's state of mind, or just the dark, nauseating colors of the day (look at the scene where an old Campbell is watching a movie from his young character gushing juxtaposition of faces is awesome). And music selections increase the level of tragedy. One could say that music is too much, but sometimes it raises the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic and solemn on human nature. <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy film. to take with emotion, and some of the twists have this nuance of "whoa" as in any spying story. But it is Vonnegut's subversion that persists, the way to take on appearance and performance, a life imitating art imitating life imitating death, and doing something worth recalling. I do not know yet if the book is better than the movie (or the other way around), but for the moment, it's hard for me not to recommend it to anyone looking for a storytelling masterpiece from World War II / holocaust.
