The American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played with a mold obsolescence by Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany with his actress wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee), before the start of the Second World War. At the height of his life, an American agent (John Goodman) appointed Howard to become a spy on behalf of the Allies. Warned of the risks inherent in his work, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell camouflages himself under the anonymity of a lonely life in New York, which further disturbs his neuroses. The central question (in fact, a question that has frustrated many critics) of Kurt Vonnegut's film and source novel is: "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer us clues, but no answer, and this ambiguity - this is not clear - is what keeps the "Mother's Night" fresh and interesting all the way through. At the beginning of the film, Nolte described Campbell as intelligent and confident; in the end, he is either scared and uncertain, or scared and COMPLETELY of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain gloss to the images of the first half of the film, which complete his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and reflect the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his solitary apartment in New York (which he affectionately calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also purely distinctive to the author and provides a temporary respite. the dramatic tension that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradox presented by "Mother Night" does not lend itself to simple resolution, but must to a certain extent remain ambiguous - Campbell's black-and-white scenes staring into space while he is imprisoned Israel suggests unspoken contemplation to which we are not aware, because Campbell is a character whose inner work we know very little about. the war changes it, returning to America changes it, and meeting the Nazis in New York forces him to prolong even more the facade of his "act", to the point that he can not look with weariness an image of himself on a wall, spitting antisemitic bile. This may be the best reaction we can hope for.
