This magical moment of life, halfway between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . That's what this movie is all about. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right at this moment of life when the movie starts. She fainted in front of Elvis, playing his records and thinking of love. Maureen, her sister, will soon go to university, has no problem attracting boys, is beautiful and seems to have understood everything, even if she has not done so yet. She goes to a local loser whom her father also wants, and only wants to be able to find a decent boy and be swept away. Like most young teens, Danni would like to be someone other than his own, because most teenagers think that their identity is not enough. She wants to be Maureen but does not see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> Adulthood begins to interfere in her life when she meets Court Foster for the first time. Court whose father died recently moved to their former farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He had the basic responsibility when he should have fun. On a particularly hot day, he goes to the pond and jumps there only to find Danni dipping. They scream and argue and Danni leaves. But they see each other a day later when the court's mother is invited to Danni's home to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni becomes attracted to the Court and Court in Danni. She is a tomboy and is brave, has an attitude and says what she thinks. <br /> <br /> Court is 17 years old and Danni is 14 years old and he knows it, but they keep getting closer to their time at the edge of the pond between farm yard. At the moment when the Court kisses him one day, Danni is struck. Danni's father tells him to invite Court home and that's what he does. but things are uncomfortable for the court on its "kind of date". The silence is however broken by his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet seen the Court. A look between the two and his everywhere. The traits of pain and defeat on Danni's face are both beautiful by their authenticity and painful. I will not tell the rest of the film, but the film has more to offer than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film lies in its description of the moments of life, beautiful and painful. and the relationship between two sisters whose love is being tested by both a boy they love and the pain they must endure together and individually. Danni finally marks her entry into the world when she sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even less optimistic than when the film started. Few films can truly capture the marvels of childhood and the pain of adulthood. This film has since the first time I watched it in my thoughts. This is in the list of my 100 best movies and rightly so. I only wish more films like this were made, because if that's the case. . . my trust in Hollywood would be much better.
