When I heard about the show for the first time, I heard a lot about it and had good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale," as it proclaims itself, and I really became addicted. I have loved it since. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this. The cast is excellent for their characters and I would not want to change them. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know this show, Pushing Daisies is centered on a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was little: he could bring back died to life with the touch of a finger. He first did it with his dog, Digby. However, there is the problem: if he keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, someone else dies. He learned it when he brought his mother back to life and his son's father, the son of childhood, died in Ned's mother's place. The other catch is that if he touches the person again, she is dead again, but this time for good. He learned that when his mother kissed him goodnight. His father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a pie bakery, cleverly titled "The Pie Hole". Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth), a colleague of Ned, has a crush on Ned, but Ned refuses to do so, trying to stay away from anyone, learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decided to make him a partner in solving the murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed him, and when the minute is up, he touches her again and they solve her. That's how they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes, murders have very interesting intrigues and are what people expect least. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to solve is his childhood girlfriend, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In his place, the funeral director, who stole jewelry from the corpses, has died. When Emerson discovers it and Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he does not agree at all. For a moment, we hear her call Chuck 'Dead girl'. All this remains secret for Olive, Vivian and Lily (respectively Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz), Chuck, and for all the others, in case someone would recognize it from the obituaries, the news, etc. Vivian and Lily, once synchronized swimmers, had not left home for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck begin to love each other, although they can not touch each other anymore. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, contains great characters, contains great twists and will give you the appearance of taking the spirit. I hope it will not be canceled at 13 episodes.
