This program was appreciated by critics and those who understood that the similarities between the "Pushing Daisies" style and that of anyone else did not constitute a case. (Yes, I've already seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is a bit similar but different enough to be original.) There are rather too many TV shows that have this kind of unusual charm. The biggest similarity is "Dead Like Me" but "P.D" honestly comes from this similarity: Bryan Fuller created the two series. (Both shows involve a young "undead" woman, for example.) This show has never stopped being funny and charming, and it has always been strange, but still human. <br /> <br /> I have to say a word about the conventions of the current stories. Some people have complained about the lack of moral focus in this program, because in the first (and in several subsequent) episodes, Ned seems to get away without causing the death of Chuck's father without consequences of any kind. First of all, it must be a new definition of the term "without consequences of any kind" because, despite the fact that Ned was only a boy and did not realize that he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he still felt guilty of When he realized what he had done. In addition, about a dozen episodes of the series, Ned finally confessed to Chuck that he had caused the death of his father with his gift. Now, there is no police who can charge people who have caused the death of someone by bringing another person back to life. The questions of absolution and restitution must therefore be addressed without the help of society. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive him anytime soon. <br /> <br /> But this highlights a problem of continuity in scenarios in network television series. I remember when the character of David Caruso in "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and he seemed to have fired - for a whole year - then he got caught and was forced to resign ( and leave the series). The fact is that viewers should learn now and not assume that just because a normal character is doing something wrong in a single episode and he's not caught in this episode, he's done it . There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
