"Pushing Daisies" is one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years, whether or not you agree with that. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an incredible creative mind. "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other not as great as those, but interesting, "Heroes" (2006), interest her. It's a mix of the wonderful worlds that Brian Fuller has created on previous television shows, once again blending a fantastic fantasy world with real people disguised as colorful images and exaggerated feelings, what a fairy tale is always . So, being a kind of fairy tale, you can not expect anything other than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, but also long-awaited situations, but not as they would be told. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift, aside from being an extraordinary leader: he can give life to the dead with just a touch. It could be a power that everyone would die - or live - because, if it was not for something else simple and very sad: it can also give death forever if he touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has a compensation and if it gives life to something more than a minute, another species of it would die instantly. He is a guy full of unhappy events in life in a way that has grown in an introspective way, always afraid to touch everything and lose once again the things he once loved. Until the day when he could finally be close to his greatest love of childhood, Chuck (Anna Friel), if it was not another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life again and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. The real kiss of death. And that's how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about "Pushing Daisies", it was presented as something very familiar (or perhaps a tribute) to all that Tim Burton has to to offer. created since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) for "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Pie Hole was beautiful. The stories around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unsolved crimes may be very common on TV, but it's just a way to guide people through incredible stories surrounding characters such as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy pictures that you can almost feel the taste of colors. Not only that, you are merged into a group of amazing and charismatic sweet characters, even those with the deepest moods. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, the show shines and is triumphant in many other things. The actors here are top of note. Lee Pace is tender, sweet and content as requested by the character. Anna Friel is the muse of the series as her character is supposed to be. But the most remarkable moments are always those of the secondary actors such as Chi McBride (detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines as she plays such a dry character, drowning in an impossible black humor that could scare a clown, for sure she has the best dialogues and her captivating body language and expressions. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems that she improvises all the time, she has fun so naturally that each scene is a show apart. Kristin shines so brightly in the show that winning the 2009 Emmy Award for her supportive role in the show was entirely fair and deserved. There is also an amazing chemistry between the actors and their characters. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this show really is and what it was meant to be. For those who think that this series is a waste of time or that claim to be meaningless, you must of course open their minds and return to a time they probably never had: their childhood. <br /> <br /> The truth to be told ... Television has never been as daring on a television show as with this incredible. "Pushing Daisies" was a huge step forward in terms of artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It's true that television does not respect big TV shows such as those created by Bryan Fuller - with the exception of "Heroes" which is still on the air and is not nearly as incredible as the others.
