After reading two or three negative reviews on IMDb's main page for "Pushing Daisies", and after literally finishing a few minutes ago, I watched the last episode, I thought it was time for I say what I thought of PD. <br /> <First, to address some of the questions I've seen other people have with this show: something like "I hope people who have been resurrected to have a more realistic". Realistic, on this show? Pushing Daisies is truly a pure and pure escape. It is the palette of colors, the dialogues used, the scenarios, the situations, the music: all this, for me, is only an escape from the daily life. An escape from the banal and boring. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well. Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: a large majority of viewers do not "understand" it, for some, it's too ridiculous and ridiculous. But for people like me, even from the first episode, I watched it ("Frescorts" of Season 2) and I was blown away by the show. From that point on, I bought both sets and they are just out of my DVD player. I know others do not support it, it really looks like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Piemaker, with a magical finger, which brings back childhood love Charlotte Charles, works in association with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns Pie -hole and employs the waitress Olive Snook. The main members of the cast are aunts Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is presented with a touch of wonderfully bright color, and told by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to the basic elements of the show, I really can not do more without saying: just watch it. Although she was disturbed by the Writer's Guild of America strike, with only 22 episodes to be performed, she offers great storyline twists, story lines, characters and situations while providing (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I could say it nailed in the end and I rushed, but I was still happy with the way it unfolded). Whether it's creative or just pretentious, for many people (me included), the viewing has been the most addictive and the most wonderful, and I hope for the future of television that more shows like this are created, so that I only have 22, 40 minutes of memories of what true entertainment can be.
