The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), a passionate archaeologist, is sent by the director of his museum to Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), a large country house, where he is tasked with finding the provenance and cataloging the collection. antiques and objects of curiosity. to the recently deceased Squire father. The Squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, he has not been waiting for a week, but he nevertheless welcomes him and asks his only servant, Patten (David Burke ... Dr. Watson), to lead him in his room. , as Fanshawe must stay a few days to complete his rather heavy task. It would seem that Patten is not the friendliest and that he regrets the extra work that Fanshawe's visit will entail, the big empty house providing him with an infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a picky man, very neat and precise, where everything has its place, be it his clothes, his books or his papers, and he is rather disgusted by the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is rather impatient to start his job, but discovers that his binoculars have been damaged during transport. He therefore asks Squire for another replacement, The Squire, a modern man, but he seems rather uneducated. He is also eager to get rid of the clutter of the house. He therefore forces Fanshawe to go to the top of the hill to inspect the estate and surrounding villages, where the squire directs him to points of interest. including Gallows Hill, where locals were hanged for their crimes and offenses, his interest is also carried by a local abbey that the Squire describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that this is clearly not the case, he investigates further and pays a visit to the site of the abbey and is shocked to find that there are only a few remains of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this enigma as the darkness falls, he feels he is observed, he feels a presence, he begins to see moving shadows in the woods, surprised to run to the House. During dinner, he gives the Squire the details of his heartbreaking day. Patten surprises the story and offers an explanation. The Twins! they belonged to a man from the neighborhood called Baxter, who apparently had recovered bones and skulls at Gallows Hill, boiling them for a concoction or another. Baxter had mysteriously disappeared one night, the late Squire had acquired his personal belongings, including a mask. made of a skull and old engravings of the region. Fanshawe is fascinated by these etchings that describe the abbey he saw through his binoculars, but he learns that the abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and that it would be impossible for Baxter d have drawn the sketches, even if they are signed. and dated by Baxter in the recent past, he concludes that binoculars have special power. That night, he dreams horribly vividly, when he wakes up, he goes with the binoculars to look more closely at the abbey through them, what he finds surprising but puts himself at risk peril? Fanshawe is finally trapped in his dangerous obsession, as night falls in Squire and a search team goes in search of the archaeologist missing, they are alerted by dozens of ravens crouching noisily and turning above Gallows. in time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The BBC Ghost Story for Christmas film series unfortunately ended its 1978 debut with The Ice House; they were mostly based on the work of the great Mr. James James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was relaunched briefly and, fortunately, A View from a Hill also marked the return to work of James, whose ghostly writings have haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson being new in the series may have worried fans of older films, but he returns to the period abandoned by the latest films that immediately sets the tone for a great story of Ghost, his direction is assured because he remains faithful to reality. the mood of the masters works and gradually builds the fear factor to a terrifying climax, while minimizing what the viewer sees, thus increasing tension and mystery. The autumn campaign is full of atmosphere, falling leaves and low sun provide a troubling backdrop for grim future events. The actors, it must be said, are all superb and perfectly interpreted in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of a man-made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see, may even have influenced Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) of the following year, with which it presents a striking similarity. I had heard mixed reviews about this particular film, but I must say that I found it all the time intriguing and that it even raised some hair on the head and gave me a few shivers, something that It does not happen often these days, I think any negativity surrounding the film can only be attributed to its own pace, which to me is perfection, but for the modern audience it will be perceived as a deadly slowdown. Even during its last 40 minutes, the development of the character and the expansion of the plot are amply planned. I must say that this is one of my new favorite movies and certainly one of the best movies of the decade.
