In 2005, no less than 3 filmed productions of the great H. G. Wells novel, "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the least known and most likely the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever attempted not only to present the story as Wells wrote it, but also to create the atmosphere of the time it was supposed to be: the last year of the 19th century, 1900 ?? using the original Wells setting, in Woking and surrounding areas, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems hostile to what they consider to be "spoilers". This could apply to some movies, where the ending might be a surprise, but as far as one of the world's most famous novels is concerned, that sounds really ridiculous. I have no sympathy for those who have neglected to read one of the founding works of English literature, so let's get right to the point. Foreigners are destroyed after catching an illness from the Earth, against which they have no immunity. If it's a spoiler, so be it; after a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you must know how it ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows the plot of Wells, is also very intelligently presented ?? so as to confuse many viewers because of their ignorance of late 19th / early 20th century photography Although shot in a widescreen format, the film strives to give an impression of contemporaneity. The general color of the skin and clothing has a sepia tint that is often found in old photographs (rather than black). The colors often remind the hue by hand. At other times, the colors are faded. These variations are typical of the first films, which did not use standardized celluloid paper and thus had many changes in print quality, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white, etc. .? as you will see here occasionally. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, as we could see until the 1920s ?? and yet the Martians and their machines look a lot like Wells's and have a more realistic "feel". Some of the effects are really clumsy ?? like the destruction of Big Ben. The acting is often more in the style of this period than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of ointment or brilliantine on the head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> This film is the only one to follow closely the original story of Wells ?? as it was noted. Viewers may find it more informative to note the details of the plot that appear here and are sometimes preserved in other versions of the story. Martian description by Wells ?? a giant head mounted on many tentacles ?? is effectively depicted. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour after the beginning of the film, they also give a good idea of ​​their description by Wells. Wells and this film do a great job in describing the progress of Martians from the limited (mainly) perspective of rural England ?? plus some scenes in London (involving the narrator's brother). The director can not resist the destruction of a major monument (Big Ben), but at least he does not dwell on the damage of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not a surprise, despite the destruction by cannon of some of their machines. The narrator, traveling on the verge of escape, sees much of what Wells calls "the defeat of humanity". He meets a vicar endowed with the Victorian affliction of a too precious and nervous personality. They finally find themselves at the edge of a Martian nest, where they discover an awful fact: Martians turn out to be vampires who consume their prey alive in a very efficient scene. Wells adds that after eating, they organize "a long and happy whistle". The narrator is finally obliged to beat the priest madly more and more hysterical ?? which resuscitates at the moment when the Martians drag him to the pantry (applause from the gallery, the British priests are so often quite unbearable). <br /> <br /> This film lasts nearly 3 hours, telling the story of Wells in detail. Is it time for the author to have his due? in a compelling presentation that incorporates a dramatic impact. A word about the acting game: Do not expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, however, the actors are serious and grow on you. Most of them, however, had a very short career, often only in this film. The narrator is played by Anthony Piana, his second film. The priest is John Kaufman ?? also in his second film as an actor but who has more experience in directing. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. James Lathrop plays in his first film The Artilleryman, the only other important role. <br /> <br /> This is a beautiful film, portraying for the first time the war of worlds as Wells wrote. Despite its slight imperfections, it is far better than any of its competitors. If you want to see the world war of H. G. Wells? and not a completely distorted version of it? see this movie!
