Imagine that you can have everything you want, go wherever you want, be everything you've always dreamed of being - just by thought. Now, imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Are such powers worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage", the now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Recognized as "too cerebral" and "too cold" by NBC Brass and rejected, "The Cage" was nevertheless the most ambitious and expensive driver ever built in the network's history, and Gene Roddenberry was unwilling not to let all this effort and expense go to waste, resulting in this truly classic episode of Star Trek, which incorporates "The Cage" into a story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting story, a landmark in the TV Story and Star Date 3012: The USS Enterprise is heading to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock received an urgent message from the former Enterprise Commander. Surprisingly, the message can not come from Captain Pike, who is now confined to a wheelchair, dumb and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and Commodore Mendez, Commander of Starbase, try to unravel the mystery, but before the case is resolved, Spock - for reasons still unknown - commits an act of open mutiny, kidnapping defenseless Captain Pike and diverting the business through a brilliantly thought and timed plan helped by a few pinches of Vulcan nerves. Soon, the Enterprise will head to the forbidden and forbidden planet of Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under prohibition and that any contact with Starfleet ships or personnel on the planet results in an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock appears to have deliberately destroyed himself, as well as Kirk, the captain being held responsible. for the activities of the ship. Dismissed, Kirk and Mendez chase after a shuttle, which becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or take the device until the current and oxygen are almost exhausted. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one following the ship - is of course unable to consign the captain to certain death. After ordering the boat to be recovered and the occupants on board, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and asks to be stopped after putting the spacecraft on an irreversible trajectory for Talos IV. Upon taking command, Kirk asked for an explanation, after which Spock asked for an immediate court martial at a tribunal consisting of three senior officers - on board, Mendez, Kirk and invalid captain Pike, disabled. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet's rules allows him to manipulate the court to allow him to present otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock presents video footage of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the residents of Talos IV - a trip undertaken 13 years earlier by the company itself under the command of Pike. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video because of its extreme detail, but the reality of the events described is confirmed by Pike himself, who turns out to have been drawn to Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors a search of the Federation. ship that crashed 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, an astonishing beauty who would have been born just before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows him to attract him to a remote place, after which he is captured and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous cranial capacity and the power to transform thoughts. in virtual reality. After the capture of Pike, the rest of the "survivors" disappear, none of them really exists, with the exception of Vina. The episode ends when the court learns that Spock's "evidence" is in fact sent to the Enterprise directly by Talos IV, in violation of Starfleet's settlement. Starfleet orders an immediate stop of the transmissions, and one wonders what will happen thereafter ... To follow in the magazine "The Menagerie: Part II"!
