Parts 1 and 2 of the menagerie were the only two parts composed during the three years of the original Trek series, because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the sequences of the first pilot "The Cage". This measure was taken out of necessity to combat the problems of delays related to the production of episodes (such an emission of SF in the 1960s was a tedious exercise to achieve in time). A positive result at the time was that the spectators, unaware that the pilot had been produced almost two years earlier, had been entitled to a new crew and a captain for these two episodes, in addition to the usual actors, as if the Producers had spent double the money on these episodes to present a television epic covering a dozen years of Starfleet history (though they have always used terms such as "United Space Fleet" in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The wrapping story begins as a space mystery: the Enterprise is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon, Spock is suspicious in these schemes. Surprisingly, even if McCoy condemns the fact that Spock's Vulcan legacy makes any subterfuge impossible, it turns out that Spock is staging a mutinous stratagem for shanghai our precious ship and kidnapping his former captain, Pike, now horribly paralyzed. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he just go crazy? He may well be, because he is running Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so forbidden that it is the only death sentence known in Starfleet books. When the jig is over, there's a big Spock scene going to a stunned McCoy, under Uhura's shocked gaze. Even Kirk, who is usually as stable as a captain, does not know how to interpret the illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final act, we begin to see images transmitted from a company mission from the age of 13, when Captain Pike was commander and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where all this is going on and what Spock hopes to accomplish - and that's another thing that makes it a very good two-part document - we really need to know what it's all about in the second part. Not only is Spock facing heavy penalties, but it looks like Kirk's career may be over too. Double jeopardy, guys. This is also the first televised episode to feature one of these shuttles (none of which were available in the previous "The Enemy Within" when crafting was really needed). There is also one of those neat, crisp paintings that evoke the mood of a futuristic star base - it was the only way to visualize such things at the time. Finally, take a look at Kirk's sneaky approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, do things go wrong in the course of history?
