You should not take what I'm going to say lightly. I have seen many, many movies, and I have reviewed many of them in printed form. So when I tell you that this movie has the funniest scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There is a great diversity of opinion about what makes this incredibly stupid movie as funny as it is. And to those who just have not had, well, I can not blame them too much. The scene I'm talking about is about 30 minutes and includes a convicted murderer chained to John Candy. Until then, I had found the film dumb, confusing and he was beginning to lose me. When this scene came, I laughed so much that I pissed my pants. No movie has ever done this to me before. When the project started, "Going Berserk" was supposed to be the SCTV movie. I remember that it was announced. Over time, the actors were reduced to To John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There must also have been a change of regime at Universal, during the shoot, because when it was released, it was broadcast in almost ZERO theaters. Looking at that a second time, I listened to the theme song (which actually shows how incomprehensible the plot is, in the lyrics), I released my logic and I understood what was happening. In addition to the aforementioned routine, "Going Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes to recommend. It's almost a movie of 3 Stooges, except it's a lot more funny. Director David Steinberg has a very precise timing and he had to laugh all the time. As for Candy, who is essentially responsible here, he has never been so funny. With all the features of the plot and the explanatory scenes thrown out of the window, he is completely mad. Flaherty and Levy follow him effortlessly. There is a plot, but it's a plot like "Animal House" had a plot, and yes, the script is uneven, and a little slow to start. Once you know this, however, you can appreciate the total madness of the SCTV style. It's stupid, but it's deliberately stupid, and you have to remember it when you see it. MUST see it and find out for yourself if it contains the funniest scene of all time.
