Oh dear . Yet another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we will see depressing nonsense featuring IRA's "freedom fighters and stuffs". That was my initial reaction at the beginning of the credits, but a little over an hour and a half later, I was in shock. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the marriage between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a slight problem since they get married at the Catholic Church and that's that Sheila is Protestant, but for the marriage to take place, Sheila promised that her children would be raised in a Catholic church and go to Catholic school when they were old enough. The story - which takes place in the 1950s - then advances a few years when the Cloney girls are about to start school, but Sheila decided to attend the local Protestant school to the dismay of Fr Stafford, a priest. of the locality. From there, things degenerate <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards at stake and claim that, despite my Protestant Irish and Catholic heritage, I was raised in agnostic and that I I am considered atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when I talk about religion, I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. A shared love shows what happens when self-proclaimed moral guardians take the initiative to tell others what to think and believe. Can I have the temerity to say that if Karl Marx saw this film, he would worship it and call it a masterpiece? Maybe I should not because the drama of this story shows what happens when other people think for you <br /> <br /> In response to the couple of critics who claimed that this film was a propaganda of the worst kind I put Do not pretend to know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County and one can not deny that Stafford's father and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as villains, but Sheila n is not irreproachable herself. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s in Ireland who is committed to raising her children as Catholics, then changes her mind and thinks it will not matter. This is a warning against taking promises and not respecting them. Not only that, but it disappears to let others recover the pieces of their broken lives. There is also something that no one else has noticed is that the only character with any moral sense is the former IRA man, Andy Bailey, who is shown to be gallant, not because he was a former member of the IRA (This is a change - we are not talking about THE DEVIL'S OWN here), but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> A LOVE DIVIDED is a great movie that has a lot to say, which I agree with. If there is any criticism, it is that it sounds too much like a TVM rather than a movie, but believe me, I can live with that and it's essential for anyone who thinks religion is the opium of the masses.
