I never fail to be surprised and horrified by the evil that has been predicted in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Ireland of the twentieth century occupy a prominent place at the top - considering that the wisdom of history and modern times should have given a sobering effect. <br /> <br /> A divided love is the story of a real family marked by ignorant intolerance and prejudices, all in the name of a doctrine of the alienated Church. At the beginning of the film, we are given a glimpse of the bucolic life in a small Irish village in which Sheila and Sean Cloney are married and have two young children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she does not hesitate to have their children raised as Catholics. There is no sign of animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are quickly broken when Sheila expresses a desire to see their older child attend the Protestant school. The local priest took the initiative to forbid this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village turned against her, as did her father, the local dairy farmer. In an act of defiance and desperation, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees from the area. <br /> <br /> A special note should be addressed to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. She gives an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is immersed in the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a husband she loves deeply to express her longing to assert herself independently of the pressures of the establishment. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham plays Sean's main role as he gives a realistic portrait of a man as complex as his wife, torn between his love for her and the influence of the church and the community. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this film would have been a convincing and interesting drama. Considering that this is true, it turns into a horrible tragedy. In real life, the people and the village never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took the Church almost half a century to recognize its negative role in events. Although Sheila and Sean have lived all their lives in the area, they have never fully recovered from what the religious leaders and their fellow villagers have done to them. . <br /> <br /> Whether denying basic rights to education of choice, crashing planes into buildings, subjugating women, condemning entire races or simply torture and murder, we humans certainly have the ability to use religion a powerful negative force in our society.
