It would take the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to do justice to this exceptional cinematographic feat. Nevertheless, I will try. <br /> <br /> As far as Hamlet go adaptations are concerned, this one is already at a better starting point than all the other versions, because it encompasses the whole room. Still, this is not a guarantee for a movie of the highest order, nor even good. Usually, I do not do much for films that are too long-running and the trend that seems to prevail in Hollywood today, that films should last at least two hours, preferably three hours, is one that, hopefully, will not last long. Few stories are solid enough to withstand such exploration and deserve some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and keeping it interesting is not easy, but Kenneth Branagh is doing very well. He managed to make a very long movie does not seem more than any average movie. I was completely absorbed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The distribution is excellent. Kenneth Branagh himself is the tormented prince who gives a strong and memorable performance. He manages to convey his feelings beautifully through his voice, and there is no need to be an expert in Shakespeare verse to capture the myriad of emotions that unfold in him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect. I always liked him as an actor, but I was not sure I could play Shakespeare. Well, she certainly eliminated all doubts about her performance. She's the best Ophelia I've seen and that brought such depth to the character and was just beautiful. Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio to name a few others. I liked the fact that Branagh used internationally renowned stars to play some minor roles; I particularly enjoyed the fight between Hamlet and the gap played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> The decor of the room in the 19th century brings a welcome change to the usually darker Gothic decor. It is overall much lighter than the other versions I've seen, more colorful and more sumptuous, but it does not forget the tragedy of the room. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetic, a delight for the eyes and other senses. The music of Patrick Doyle is as always magical and perfectly in agreement with the film. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing that. I am shocked and dismayed to find that this exquisite work of art did not win an Academy Award for Best Picture, and even more so that it was not even nominated. There is no way to get a better movie that year, or any other year. It's as close to perfection as you can hope to get. <br /> <br /> To summarize, a superb work of pure genius and I do not see how anyone could overcome it. I take my hat, Mr. Branagh.
