William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his piece. Not only is it the best movie version, but it's also the only full version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is just awesome. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do everything, even if it took a little more than four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this version of Hamlet is not the breathtaking scenery or the breathtaking photographs, but the interpretations of each character by the actors. I doubt you would find a better Polonius than the delightful portrait of Richard Briers. Plus, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. In addition, Derek Jacobi, a regular Shakespeare adaptator, is magnificent as Hamlet's antagonist. <br /> <br /> Of course, we have to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He seduced the audience when he arrived on the scene with his first outing with Shakespeare, Henry V. He outdid himself with Hamlet. Of course, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is magnificent. When we look at the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least, the film got some nominations and even a strange choice for the screenplay. I guess they can write well when they see it. <br /> <br /> In total, you will never find such a rich and sumptuous production of the best piece of the Bard. To say that the technical aspects were great would be a euphemism. If you like this piece and are a fan of Shakespeare, you must watch this movie. Even if you do not really care about Shakespeare, the visual effects will occupy you for the duration of the film. You can not think that you will be able to watch everything at the same time, but you will soon discover that putting this film on pause will make you want to see it even more.
