Many people do not think that Branagh's film in Hamlet is so good, but I must admit I find it splendid. Like virtually all Shakespeare productions, there are problems, and difficult choices have had to be made, all of which are inconclusive. The problem of "secret doors everywhere", for example, just does not work. This element never gets the disturbing feeling of metaphor or analogy that it tries to achieve, which makes the play too showy and lose the sense of the mark of a thousand mysteries that lie in wait for it. This is the biggest problem of this production. And although it's a big problem, I'm also inclined to say that's the only problem. Almost everything else works great. Okay, so Branagh is a mite too old for the main role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And he sometimes becomes too hysterical. But that's all. No other complaints. Even with these faults, I think this version is fundamental, and if it's not a drama as powerful as it should be, it's all the literary work that it should also be. We get the full text of the longest version of the piece, presented in an innovative and costly way, mostly voiced by perfect, modern and very understandable voices - even if they sometimes speak too quickly to be able to process the massive text . But in Shakespeare's staging, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough so that the audience can truly appreciate the depth of the language. For that, you have to dive into the printed versions of the pieces. <br /> <br /> All actors in this version are simply fascinating and absolutely classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is surely one of the best of all time, and even the American actors are stunning, in particular. Charlton Heston as a king player - who would have thought it ?! (There is a story that Heston has already played against Hamlet on stage and when a critic in the front row could no longer support his martial game and said aloud, "It's terrible!", Heston would have replied from the beginning from the scene: "Well, I did not write that shit!" Of course that may not be true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, a daring and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams in the role of "Young Ozric" may not be young enough for the role, but he makes it a comic film, which is justified. <br /> <br /> Overall, it is a very well produced version, most key scenes being, in my opinion, extremely memorable. Of course, I watched this movie when I was getting interested in Shakespeare (and about the same time as Luhrmann's wonderful Romeo + Juliet), and that impressed me a lot, which should explain partly my attachment. <All in all, I must pronounce the hamlet of Branagh as my favorite, followed closely by the 1980 BBC version of Derek Jacobi. I probably love Branagh's work more than Shakespeare, find him as an expert interpreter and extensionist, with an attractive casual attitude to the words and a deep, appropriate and uninhibited appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's play, the two brightest luminaries remain Olivier and Branagh. Although Olivier is the top actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the pedestal of snobbery and artifice and turns him into a mundane, populous and casual sociality, while compromising nothing of his dignity. I believe that Branagh brings out a more true Shakespeare than the one the world has yet seen. <br /> <br /> And so, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely wonderful hamlet.
