When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help but think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler was posing the room because of her indecision and saying, "Give me Romeo for a day to the other". Five acts of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle? It seemed excessive to me. But as I read more, I learned to really appreciate the play. I saw the versions of the movie Olivier and Gibson (and part of Nicol Williamson's version), and all take their Olivier model; the melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did it without being too complacent, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, they looked like they had gone to "Look, mom, I'm acting! " school. <br /> <br /> Now here is the version of Kenneth Branagh, which is breathtaking from start to finish. He finished n ° 2 on my top 10 of 1996 (behind THE ENGLISH PATIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, EVERYONE SAYS THAT I LOVE YOU, FLURING WITH DISASTER, BIG NIGHT AND WATCH RICHARD), and this is the best Hamlet, and perhaps the best Shakespeare, set to film. Obviously, Branagh's filmmaking talents for making the full-length 70mm format and not losing our interest for four hours are excellent, but what seems to be forgotten in the discussions on this film is his performance in the lead role . . It was by far my favorite performance of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama in which the actors seem trapped by playing Hamlet as a normal and regular human being, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who depended mainly on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions Hamlet feels, but since he plays it like a normal game, he does not look like a chewing scene. <br /> <br /> The rest of the distribution is also excellent. I did not even care about Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising tour came from Charlton Heston; I've always found him stiff as a board, but he's strong enough as a king player. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him completely wrong as the 1st gravedigger, but he was his usual funny while being in the character. All in all, a glorious movie!
