It was the second of two "Hamlets" filmed in the 90s, the first being that of Franco Zeffirelli, played by Mel Gibson, from 1990. The version of Zeffirelli, like that of Laurence Olivier of 1948, was based on an abridged version of the play, with much of Shakespeare. original text being cut. (I never saw Tony Richardson's version of 1969, but since it lasted less than two hours, even shorter than Zeffirelli's, I guess it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh was trying something much more ambitious: a film based on the full text of the play, lasting about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V", Branagh claims the crown of Olivier. Shakespeare, the leader of the cinema, confirms his words with his brilliant "A lot of noise for nothing", a rare example of a great film based on a Shakespeare comedy. "Hamlet" is his third film for Shakespeare as director (he also played the role of Iago in Oliver Parker's "Othello" in 1995) and, as expected, is very different from " Much Ado ??. The previous film, shot in a villa located on the Tuscan hills and in the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a happy summer movie about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", by contrast, takes place in the depths of winter. (The flowers in Ophelia's description of death suggest that Shakespeare himself has thought of the action that is going on in the summer). The look of the film is particularly striking, both sumptuous and cold. The film was shot at Blenheim Palace, perhaps the grandest and most majestic palace in England, but also a rather forbidden place. Snowy outdoor scenes are cold and wintry; the interiors are formal and elaborate. The action is updated in the middle of the 19th century; the female characters carry the elaborate fashions of that era, while the main male characters are mostly splendid military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, in which interiors and costumes were deliberately toned down). The play is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention was perhaps to contrast a magnificent surface with the underlying "something rotten in the state of Denmark". <br /> <br /> The film is distinguished by the large number of renowned actors, some very minor roles. (Blink, and John Gieldgud or Judi Dench might miss you). Apparently, the production company had asked a star cast to film a four-hour film. Some imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Osric, did not really stand out, but others, like Charlton Heston's Player King or Billy Crystal's First Gravedigger, performed very well. Yorick, normally seen only as a skull, is seen here in flashback, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, plays the role of Ghost and creates the scenes in which he appears truly frightening. <br /> <br /> Among the main characters, perhaps the weakest was Kate Winslet's Ophelia. Branagh's main wife in her first two films about Shakespeare was his wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found myself wishing that Thompson was chosen for the role; Although Winslet made herself felt in Ophelia's mad scenes, she seemed weak in previous episodes where her character was still sane. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers incarnates Polonius with a dignity greater than that which is often attributed to him, a wise and experienced counselor rather than an old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; as in Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, no attempt was made to suggest an incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is significant enough to make them credible as both mother and son, which was certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's daughter, Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was 13 years younger than him.) Branagh said his intention to restore scenes often cut in movie versions was to "reinforce the idea of ​​playing is a national tragedy as well." although national. "The war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras is a great insistence, a sub-plot totally ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy is perhaps best illustrated by the character of Claudius, sometimes interpreted as a one-dimensional villain. There is something in Derek Jacobi's performance that suggests that Claudius could have been a good man in different circumstances, but that he let himself be led astray by ambition and covetousness. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but chose to rule like a bad king. Tormented by guilt, he sees no way to repair the harm he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, who speaks Shakespeare's verse perfectly, is superb in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old Hamlet concept that is indecisive, passive, and melancholy. He is an active, physical and energetic hamlet, as shown by his fatal duel with Laertes. Its guiding principle is not the tired despair of the world, but an active disgust with evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> Branagh had the risk of making a four-hour epic, and the film did not do well. box office. However, he was greeted by many critics, James Berardinelli being particularly enthusiastic. My personal opinion is that, regardless of the financial returns, Branagh's gamble has been artistically profitable. Focusing on the full text, he was able to bring out the full meaning and emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex piece. When I saw his movie "Much Ado?", I said it was the greatest movie of a Shakespeare comedy. His "Hamlet" may well be the greatest film ever dedicated to a Shakespeare tragedy. 10/10
