No matter how epic it is, Kenneth Branagh's monumental rendition of what is perhaps William Shakespeare's most popular tragedy suffers under the weight of his four hours of play and certainly requires some endurance. Two entirely separate sessions would probably be better to fully appreciate what a high-class film is. Although I absolutely recognize this masterpiece as such, I must admit my lack of enthusiasm for the old flamboyance of the bards, his rhetoric (and he sends himself so well) and his many successes. Thus, "Hamlet" loses its impact as it loses its grip. <br /> <br /> From Patrick Doyle's music to Alex Thomson's cinematography to Tim Harvey's exquisite decor, the film is a feast of visual and auditory delights, which compliment throw. Branagh has assumed three enormous roles, adapting, directing and playing. His adaptation is superb, his direction strong, but by the time he took the role of Hamlet, the tension seemed to manifest itself; Still, he always does a great job in an incredibly challenging role. Derek Jacobi engulfs the sinister Claudius with joy, and Julie Christie is more dramatic than her queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is as wonderful as Polonius and Charlton Heston once again has a strong influence on the screen as a King player. Many other passers-by, including Jack Lemmon (superb in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The actor's award, however, must go to one of the great Thespian discoveries of recent years, Kate Winslet. His portrait is moving of the most tragic figure of all this business, Ophelia. <br /> <br /> To finish (before this criticism goes longer than the film), I must say that it is the length that really puts spectator in this film. Branagh has achieved with determination, giving many important and impactful scenes. Too many of them exceed their home. Watching this movie is a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have learned. "Neither a lender nor a borrower is" or "Be true to yourself". And of course: "to be or not to be". <br /> <br /> The first two hours require perseverance, but if you manage to stay tuned, you are guaranteed to be treated in a catchy finale that brings together the aftermath of tragic funerals. Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
