The image of film studios geared towards financing rather than creativity is not without truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a full uncut version of "Hamlet" with, among other things, his complete creative control. Of course, Branagh had to accept some concessions (a cast of stars, and a 2.5-hour version for a wider release), but why would the movie studio allow Branagh to spend money on a version? 4 hours they knew that few would see? Could they, at least in this case, have enough respect for Branagh's material and vision to create something for only a few people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who wish to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend a lot of time on it. However, unlike the other productions in the play, including the stage, it is a totally uncut production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never wanted the piece to be produced uncut, leaving the decision as to what to include at the discretion of the director. That being said, I do not doubt that if he could have seen it, the Bard would have been delighted with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The film is full of stars, even if most have very few coins. All play their roles too. I would have thought that Branagh was too old to play Hamlet and, even if he still can, his performance makes up for it. Hamlet is a complex part, displaying all the emotions, from sorrow to anger, from happiness to madness, etc. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is formidable like the cunning Claudius, whose deception and betrayal move all these things; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the caring mother of Hamlet, who does not realize what happens before the end of the game. <br /> <br /> The classical actors are staged (Judi Dench is for all 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, nobody takes this to heart; everyone gives their maximum and it shows. A special mention must be given to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little too silly, but he is not bad (his role is quite small anyway). <br /> <br /> But that's undeniably Branagh's show. He adapts one of the most famous plays in history and thus embarks on a project. It's impressive that he did it, but the fact that the film is so good is a monumental feat. What I really liked in this film is that you do not have to be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his team understand it. "Hamlet" is always extremely pleasant to sit and listen to the actors deliver brilliant dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> It's a must for everyone. It can take four hours, but it is well worth it.
