First of all, what I did not like. The acting game did not really live up to the Hamlet standard. Branagh was really exaggerated, screaming especially. In my opinion, actors who were not great celebrities generally did a better job; but I would like except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston too, but I did not know if he played the role of a pirate.) Many of the ambiguities of the game were clearly solved in a way in flashbacks. <br /> <br /> What I think speaks a lot in favor of this piece is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for the vast majority of people today; many people are not even inclined to try because of his reputation for serious literature and archaic English. If they see this film, they will clearly understand the interpretation of the play by at least one man. They will see it more as Shakespeare's public saw it: a play with sword fights and mighty kings and nobles, murders and incest and stratagems and ghosts - and a great art, if you want to look for it, but in Shakespeare's Day did not do it anymore, any more than most people now. Branagh's excessive effort and his forced interpretation of history by the viewer can undermine Shakespeare's art, but it is preferable that the modern audience get a piece rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I 'I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that "this is happening in the 19th century and it was not the time of Shakespeare". In Shakespeare's day, their costumes and sets were those of their days for all their plays. Shakespeare may have said it was in ancient Rome, in medieval Denmark or elsewhere, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason, his pieces are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John, the English and the French have cannons - at the time of Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar, we speak of chimneys, which would not be invented before a thousand years, and in Henry IV, we speak of Machiavelli, who was not even born yet. So, I think this objection is stupid - you might as well complain that the play is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, right?).
