Always old enough to go to school and having to learn Shakespeare almost constantly over the last four years (which is very off-putting for a writer, as good as he is), I did not really expect this movie when my English teacher put it on; I thought it would be the typical English lesson movie: bad acting, terribly shot, poorly edited and the terrible and dreadful old dialogue, so, as you can see, I was quite ready to get into coma the first time. However, I watched and, to my dismay, found myself not only paying attention, but also enjoying the film. This Hamlet production is probably one of the best drama I've seen in a long time - and it really gives life to what I think Shakespeare wanted his plays to be (well, unlike it's cinema ) much better than My English teacher was discussing with the text that I could ever The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace and far from being boring (although a bit difficult to follow if you don ' are not used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are interpreted with a skill you would not want. do not wait; mainly, perhaps, because of the impressive number of cameos from this movie. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston live up to what you expect from these two veterans, even in such small parts, but it's Robin Williams like Osric and Billy Crystal like Gravedigger that really stand out, giving an unexpected appearance to small pieces. in addition to offering comic relief in the midst of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars are of course also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet, bringing not only the necessary confusion and pain to the scroll, but also a kind of sardonic tune that plays beautifully in the comic scenes, making the movie much more enjoyable to watch. The other big players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands out from the rest in the lead role. <br /> <br /> The plays on the set are often very surprising and give a refreshing change to the old castle corridors that we are used to seeing in Shakespeare productions, as well as a real sense of the country that surround them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film, taken as a film in its own right, is not without flaws, but not of major importance (the rhythm is the only problem I can think of casually, as well as prose for anyone not used to, as I said, the Shakesperian language) and, above all, in relation to the kind of Shakespeare productions I usually see in class, is really brilliant. It even made me rethink my typical adolescent position on Shakespeare, that his pieces are boring (I concluded that it's not the pieces that are boring, but the teachers who recite them in class). If only they made all his plays in films like this, the English students in schools around the world might have a better opinion of Bard. <br /> <br /> General 7/10
