What ambitious project Kenneth Branagh has undertaken here and how it was done! This is the first filmed version of 'Hamlet' that uses the entire text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because he was there. I think his intention was to make the play accessible and understandable to the viewer, without dropping it, so to speak. In return, he asks viewers to do a little job themselves, a fair proposal and a boon. <br /> <br /> The decor is a 19th century European generic and it does more than work well, it retains a modern or old appearance of perhaps distracting from the work itself. Production design and cinematography are remarkable, which helps tremendously when you watch a four-hour movie. The cast of Branagh is once again inspired and the acting is also. The management is carrying out the heavy task of making this film a film rather than a luxury version of a play. Since a large part of 'Hamlet' is based on an inner monologue and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But everything that Branagh tries to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best, since his great career with 'Henry V.' A little problem I had with him was what I saw as a tendency to block it sometimes. In his description of Hamlet here, he could be accused again of this, but a method is at work. Let's face it, "Hamlet" is not easy for the average person to understand and if you've never seen him play before, he or she needs help even if they've read it the room. Hamlet has the most lines among Shakespearian characters and Branagh makes sure his viewers know what this man thinks and feels throughout the film, even if you do not know the literal meaning of each mysterious word. This Branagh performance was at least worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding performances here that they are almost too numerous to mention, but some of them must be recognized. Derek Jacobi in the role of Claudius is superb, but even he is second to Kate Winslet in terms of praise. Her portrait of Ophélie is impressive in the depth of her feelings, made even more remarkable by the fact that she was only 20 years old at the time! She looks like the best young actress around. Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall, respectively as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, are also among the top performers. Honorable mention went to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who managed to do his thing here successfully. Even Billy Crystal as a gravedigger works. The only cast member who has not, inexplicably, is Jack Lemmon. In the very first scene, it appears, and while the other three actors do an excellent job of creating a tense atmosphere, Lemmon gives the impression of giving the favor to replicas in rehearsal. You know it must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, because the rest of the movie screams that it's a perfectionist's job. <br /> <br /> Do not be facetious when you talk about a four-hour movie, but it just seems a bit too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a bit, if I can be so daring, and a little judicious size would be welcome. <br /> <br /> Did I forget something, other than Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt that I did. To sum up, I will say that Kenneth Branagh may have made the final version of the movie "Hamlet" and that it will be a truly monumental production that surpasses it.
