Moonchild is a very difficult film to classify. It is easier to think of this as several snapshots of life of the two main characters. The fact that these characters belong to a street gang established in a multicultural city of the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not stop them from experiencing moments like the others, and this is one of places where this movie is different from anything I've ever heard of. It does not take into account that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that has to be treated like any other problem. The way the characters interact is amazingly realistic: there are annoying parents and stuff supposed to give a cool look that simply does not work, which gives the film a beautiful impression of not taking itself too seriously, for the mostly. <Br /> <br /> The other area that has had the most impact on me is that of languages. The fictional town of Mallepa includes various cultural groups and the characters speak the language in which they are supposed to express themselves. Japanese gang members speak in Japanese, but in Chinese when they address characters of Chinese origin. Perhaps the most entertaining exchange involves an Australian and runs in English. It can be argued that the actors of the four main characters have three different mother tongues and speak different levels of each other's language, so it is quite a feat that the film was made. Which, I suppose, brings me to the main actors. <br /> <br /> It was strongly emphasized that the film features two of the biggest stars of Japanese rock, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, be it to congratulate them for their game, to criticize it or simply to be fangirl about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best for playing a straight and realistic character. However, any lack of acting ability on the part of Gackt is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays tends to be too dramatic. I did not know if Hyde's character was supposed to be as pouting and sarcastic as he had met him, but that does not detract from the movie. <br /> <br /> There are several rather melodramatic scenes. turn, which hurt them to affect me emotionally (although that does not seem to stop a lot of people). I found it best to enjoy the film for what it is and not take it too seriously. It's perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it is very nice and I highly recommend it to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
