In the third collaboration between Karloff and Lugosi, we move away from Poe to embark on the sci-fi series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device that captures light rays through his telescope in the Carpathians and translates them into images that form a visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> In front of several guests, including Lugosi in the role of Dr. Benet, an astro-chemist who made fun of Rukh's theories, he demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, called here " Radium X ", contained in a meteor fell on Earth in the darkest Africa several thousand years ago. . Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a complex compound: it levels the mountains at great distances and heals blindness at close range. Rukh, however, is carefree and poisons himself, shining in the dark a bit like those old Ready Breck spots! Dr. Benet is about to design a counter-active against radiation, but the combination of poison and remedy leads Rukh to become incredibly paranoid. Convinced that he was deceived, he seeks the members of the expedition in Paris, including his ex-wife, and his contact even while he is in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> < the old pseudo-scientific idea that the eyes of a dead person register the image of his assassin (a remarkably distinct Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt statues representing the members of the expedition. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney hostess in Paris! <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is very entertaining. Outside the Gothic opening, it's interesting to see Universal move action in Africa and Paris. The film lacks rhythm, but is still absorbing. Karloff slightly exaggerates his performance but Lugosi is great. Universal once again used the story's basic story in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a glowing threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a much crazier doctor than Lugosi. The Invisible Ray is a dark and intelligent little movie that has a lot to admire. Not as famous as other Universal Horrors, maybe, but it works and is very fun.
