The gods of horror Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be reason enough for any genre lover to watch a movie, and even if they are the most convincing, they are not the only reason to watch this little gem of Sci -Fi / Horror. While Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" from 1936 does not share the same brilliance as other contemporary films starring Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie", "Island of lost souls", "Dracula", ...), or both ("The black cat", "The raven", ...), it is undoubtedly an extremely entertaining film that no cult movie lover should consider Compared to other images of Horror Universal, the story seems a little silly, but in a charming way. Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film also has great scenery and excellent photography. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique of exploring the past with a telescope and discovered that a meteor hit the earth thousands of years ago. Stunned by the invention of Rukh, the famous French scientist Felix Benet (Bela) Lugosi), invites him to join an expedition to find the meteor. Rukh makes a discovery that can cause a lot of goodness and destruction ... It's a little strange that Karloff, who was British, plays a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist. are both excellent as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two horror deities would probably have been filmed by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have pulled something off - the man is an icon of the Horror genre , and seeing them together is a treat for all fans of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few, if not the only, films in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually bigger than Karloff. Frances Drake plays a very good female role as Dr. Rukh's beautiful young lady. The rest of the performances are also good, if they do not deserve to be mentioned. Besides the cast of Karloff and Lugosi, the biggest qualities of the film are undoubtedly the atmosphere due to the superb scenery and photographs, as well as the wonderfully cheesy and very entertaining story. My main complaint is that I would have liked more time on the screen for Lugosi and that his role has a little more meaning. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining film that should satisfy all lovers of classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema, and a must for all my friends Lugosi / Karloff fans.
