The horror films of the thirties that are best remembered are still those of Dracula and Frankenstein; and there is a very good reason for that, but there were a number of smaller but still excellent productions, and The Invisible Ray is certainly one of them. The plot is not particularly original and similar intrigues have been seen many times (even in 1936), but the way everything is staged is certainly very imaginative and the director Lambert Hillyer has created a very pretty little original horror movie. The plot focuses on the good heart Dr. Janos Rukh; a man who has discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa. So he leaves with a team of esteemed colleagues to find him. However, tragedy strikes during the expedition and the good doctor ends up being exposed to the element; which makes him shine in the dark and also makes him crazy ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw of the film is undoubtedly the fact that it stars the two biggest stars of the horror of his time - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, and both give excellent performances. Karloff really shows how good he is, and his character is full of qualities to impress Karloff. Bela Lugosi has an extremely different role from the one we are used to, and that's an excellent performance on her part. it's nice to see some versatility of Lugosi. The film starts slowly enough. but things are starting to resume soon. The second half of the film is the best and it's really when the film becomes exciting and that Karloff has a chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on big special effects and relies heavily on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; And it works very well. The film remains interesting throughout and boils down to a very decent climax that sums it all up. Overall, The Invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror movies of the 1930s; but it is a very good one and comes recommended.
