The story of Ned Kelly has been drowned under the myth and the exaggeration of lost time, and this film is no exception. What has ensured Ned Kelly a permanent place in history is the effort he made to try to balance his chances against the police who pursued him. During the course of several battles, he went out carrying the beaten iron plates on which the bullets at the disposal of the police of the time would resonate in a harmless way. Indeed, it was only because there were some bright sparks among the Victorian police who had realized that he had no legs in place, that he had been captured and hanged. The story has been told in schools and the history of Australia for so long that some permutations of this story have become ironically boring. The more the stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention to it. <br /> <br /> This is where this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about Kelly's legend, excels. Rather than trying to portray a Ned Kelly as insensitive as the armor he wore, the film quickly installs him as a human being. Indeed, the overthrow of the popular legend, showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of the settlers, contributes greatly to bring out this film of the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being living at a time and place where, to be convicted of murder, one simply had to be the person closest to the body when a police officer found him. No, I do not invent it. The only area in which the film is wrong is to exaggerate the Irish and English mentality of the battles. While the Kelly gang was distinctly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people of very diverse ethnic origins have mixed up almost seamlessly (a scene with some Chinese migrants highlights it). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does a remarkable job. to impersonate Australia's most notorious outlaw. It is only because of the fame he has found in other films that the public knows he is looking at Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not seem completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as head of the police contingent in Glenrowan shows why he is one of the most venerated in this little desolate island. State. But it is Naomi Watts, appearing under the name of Julia Cook, who gets a bad agreement in this film. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, you would not know it at all on the screen. Indeed, a large part of the one hundred and ten minutes of the film is more freeze-dried than exploration. Once the police corruption element is established, the film goes up at a speed so fast that it seems almost in a hurry. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the film's assets are not exploited. Rush earns just more screen time than his name in opening and closing credits. Ditto for Watts, and the rest of the cast goes a lot like fashion models. I can only conclude that fifteen or thirty minutes of additional film could have solved this problem. But this brings us to the other problem, in that the lack of depth or background of the characters other than the titular hero leaves the events of the story without impact. A scene succeeds in making the speech, but unfortunately, everything becomes a collage of unrelated moments after a while. If we believe the impression created by this film, there are only a few weeks or even days left between the time when Ned Kelly became a wanted man by a corrupt policeman and the famous shooting Glenrowan. Unfortunately, the lawsuit and the execution of Ned Kelly are not even described here, they are simply mentioned in the subtitles before the credits. <br /> <br /> That said, aside from a bumpy camera work sometimes, Ned Kelly manages to portray exciting shootings, and he has a good start. For this reason, I noted seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind. If you're not impressed by shots with unusual elements (and what's more unusual than full armor in a colonial shootout?), You might want to look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more factual account of Ned Kelly's life.
