Note to readers of these collections of DVD-horror legends: I am very grateful to them and I strongly support this initiative, but ?? Have you even watched the movies before selecting them in the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supporting and non-essential role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray" is however part of the collection Bela Lugosi and it is here Boris Karloff who eclipses Bela! It would have been a good title for the Boris Karloff collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is probably the nicest and most serious character he has ever described in his entire career, and the good old Karloff plays the mad scientist and dangerously obsessed here. "The Invisible Ray" has three main chapters. The first, located in Dr. Janos Rukh's Carpathian Castle, is rather boring and requires a lot of patience, but of course, the character drawings and topics discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) explains to a couple of eminent colleagues (including Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture the extraterrestrial rays inside a device he made. Scientists are truly impressed by his work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to an expedition to the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical department and goes completely crazy after being overexposed to the meteorite itself. The third and last act is obviously the best and the most horrible, because it revolves around a good old-fashioned murderous madness with ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising high point. Karloff shines in the dark and, convinced that others seek to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to eliminate them by using his deadly touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds quite complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and entertaining. The story is rather far-fetched but nevertheless convincing and the director Lambert Hillyer provides several moments of pure suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic, as is Lugosi, although he deserves to spend a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together constitute the highlights of the film, as well as the brilliant images of Boris.
