Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but overall (it is interesting to note), Karloff is usually the best of both. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil leader of a cult of the devil, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him for destroying his life. But more commonly is "Black Friday" where (whatever his motive) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In "The Raven", Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails Karloff to help him with his diabolical plans until Karloff finally has enough. They are rarely both totally negative characters. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to make him sing. <br /> <br /> The only exception where they are extremely friendly but contradict themselves is this 1936 film, which I think the audience has rarely accepted some of the other films I mentioned. Karloff's Dr. Janos Rukh is a fierce scientific genius who has been criticized by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of radium is found in Nigeria on a meteorite that landed centuries ago. He finally gained support from a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife, Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), the Rukh's young wife, Diane. (Frances Drake) and a Stevenses friend and protégé named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he may be looking for wisdom that he should not and this could end in tragedy. He tries to reject that, but he is concerned about what he says, his scientific reputation, and whether or not he gets credit for it. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. It finds the substance, but is infected by its remarkable radioactivity. He discovers that he is burning slowly and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He actually developed a friendship or understanding with Benet, who designed a type of radioactive combat cocktail that Rukh could use to counter the danger. But there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote can only last a certain time and must be reconstituted. And the radioactivity affected Rukh's brain. He is more and more jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is also upset by the fact that (because he has to pretend to be dead - the effects of radioactivity are like these) Benet and many others gather the congratulations of the wonders that "Radium X" gives to man. Soon, Rukh embarks on a deadly war that destroys many lives and ends his own. <br /> <br /> The film certainly focuses on science. Mrs. Curie had recently died of cancer due to work with Radium. Few people fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but we had an idea. The wave of murders perpetrated by Rukh leads newspapers to speak of a "curse" of the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​an "accursed" expedition (on the African continent) of a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a titled Englishman, we entered archeology, not physics or geology (pagination of Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to settle the cause of the succession of deaths and returns to an idea that was demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retina of several victims to be photographed to see if the last image on the retina was that of Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he only had photographs of the retina of dead prostitutes. But the idea is not dead. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Kip Brothers" in 1899, and it was here that Dr. Benet used it. Since this is a science fiction story, he finds Rukh's image on the set, but Benet accidentally drops the board and breaks. <br /> <br /> The film is good on many levels, the most interesting for a change Karloff and Lugosi are not unfriendly to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films. The other performances are also good, especially Ms. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the scary sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here, his final act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that it did not hurt more than his target.
