There is no doubt that during the decade of the 30s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have become a sure guarantee of excellent performances in high quality horror films. After having been Universal's "first monster" in the classic "Dracula", Bela Lugosi has become the ultimate horror villain thanks to her elegant style and her foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor also led her to cast iron during the 1940s). ). In the same way, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" turned him into a man to look for when you wanted a good monster. Of course, it was natural for these icons to share the screen, and the film that united them was "The Black Cat" of 1934. This formula will be repeated in several films over the decade, and the mix director Hillyer's horror and science fiction drama, "The Invisible Ray," is another of those minor classics they made in those years. <br /> <br /> "The Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a camera capable of showing scenes from the past of our planet captured by rays of light from the Andromeda galaxy. Presenting his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), they discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues in an expedition to Africa in search of the landing place of the mysterious meteor. This expedition will not be of any benefit to Rukh, because during this expedition, his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter brought by Stevens to help them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on this trip, because he will be forever changed after being exposed to the invisible radius of the meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously wrote the screenplay for "London Werewolf"), "The Invisible Ray" has its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since it was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton insists a lot on the horror of his story, playing very effectively with the archetype of the mad scientist and adding a good dose of melodrama to spice up the all. One of the elements that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out from other horror films of this era is how Colton plays with morality through his story. That is, there are not exactly heroes and villains in the classical style, but people who make decisions and then face the consequences of those choices. "The Invisible Ray" is in many ways a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> A seasoned director of low-budget B-series films, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer had the chance to make 3 Universal Pictures films, while the legendary studio was facing serious financial problems. Thanks to her experience of working with limited resources, Hillyer's films were always beautiful, despite budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. Although far from the elegant Gothic atmosphere of previous Universal horror movies, Hillyer's film captures much of Colton's storyline, as it gives the film a dark, morbid atmosphere, plus your own novels written only science fiction. Finally, it is necessary to say a word on the use of special effects by Hillyer: for a film with extremely reduced budget, they have a much better appearance than those of several films of the time. <br /> <br /> As usual in a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of this legend are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his interpretation of a man blinded by devotion to his work, who does not see the evil he unleashes. As his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stealing all the scenes in which he finds himself and showing how much he was an underrated actor. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, effectively helping her character become more than a damsel in distress. Nevertheless, two of the highlights of the film are the performances of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, while the two actresses make the most of their on-screen time to make their side roles unforgettable. . Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If we judge this film according to current standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap science fiction film. with bad effects and confused pseudoscience. However, it would be a mistake, because despite its low budget, it is remarkably well done for its time. In addition, since the film was shot in the early days of the nuclear age and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, his ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are terribly accurate. One last thing to note is the interesting way in which the storyline manages the relationships between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between Dr. Rukh obsessed and Dr. Benet, who is cold because this allows for great scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> While he is far from the Gothic Expressionism of "Frankenstein" films, nor of the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer's "Invisible Ray" is definitely a minor classic among the catalog of Universal Pictures horror movies. With one of the most intriguing horror scenes of the '30s, this mix of suspense, horror and sci-fi is an underrated gem that still offers a good dose of entertainment thanks to two of the most Amazing horror genre: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
