I'm sure few people outside Australia have heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. Once I saw a documentary about this man, but it's the only time I've seen him or heard of him. And I guess that could be the biggest problem this film will face. Nobody knows anything about it and probably not many people will be interested in it. <br /> <br /> The film tells the life of Ned Kelly. The Irish immigrant has lived all his life in northwestern Victoria, but he has never been very well received by the authorities. The police still blame her for everything she can think of and continue to harass her family. When Kelly is tired of the way things are, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even hijacking an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a police-organized manhunt and when they kill three police officers, they are outlawed. Finally, they take control of a pub in Glenrowan, where they organize a party with all visitors, waiting for a train full of police officers who will derail on part of the lane they tore. But the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle for life or death between the police and the four armed men ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to say if all that is shown in the film is true or false. I guess no one really knows, because there will always be two camps that will tell each other their truth: one camp says he's a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, the others will say he's an ordinary criminal, a murderer and a thief. . I really can not tell you which of them is right, maybe both, but what I can tell you is that the facts of the film and the documentary were pretty much the same. <br /> <br /> This The film was a nice addition to the documentary I saw and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the least known actors show in this production that they all know what a good acting game should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and gave it a 7.5 / 10
