Having borrowed this film at the local library a few weeks ago with the intention of seeing it at the beginning or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally got to see Sayonara this morning only. In it, Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general raised in a certain way, transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) is well. Before leaving, he tries to persuade one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry the Japanese Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), who violates the laws on military fraternization. With the love novel between him and Eileen, however, Ace not only becomes the best man in the marriage of Joe and Katsumi, but he cracks for an Asian himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) get are in the city and made headlines. the artist Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself goes out with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen herself seems to have a weakness for one of the kabuki interpreters, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop here and say that it was a mainly convincing drama about the prejudices about American-Asian romantic relationships, which has been very touching from the beginning to the end. Even though seeing Hispanic Montalban play an oriental, it's not too embarrassing (although that's a good thing, his role is short). And there are a few touches of humor like Brando's head banging more than once at the top of Button and Umeki's door. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars, especially Red for his provocative and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before playing his legendary role in "Marverick" on television, is in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows much restraint in his initial anti-American characterization. Although I've read a few changes from James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josha Logan, who had already adopted another Michener's work in the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and would eventually make a movie, stay true to the original source. He certainly provided some inspiration with the final scenes that made the heartbreaking tragedy of the movie a somewhat needed plot twist. Some of the production numbers may have made the film a bit long, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about the mores of the 50s that permeated America and Japan at that time.
