There are few films that leave me feeling like Gregor Jordan's film "Ned Kelly" did. At first, I had heard only insincere recommendations, and decided to see them myself. Since then, I have acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I must say that after several views, I am always very impressed by the underlying nature of this film. It's also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate its down-to-earth quality, that if you ask me is a rarity, as well as the lack of stickiness that takes away so many movies. This film proves that you do not necessarily need sophisticated costumes or a glamorous ensemble that absorbs how many millions of dollars to make a point. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of well-known people, and I can add, beautiful people who did well to slip into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that much of the criticism of this film was who played what and how they only said so many lines. However, if criticisms are made, it should be constructively focused on the fact that a number of basic elements of the initial events have been excluded. In fact, they have worked to make it the hallmark of Australian history. For example, looking more closely, we can see that the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt was much more important than the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt. movie. It was also overlooked that Aaron Sheritt's efforts were not the only ones to have provided the Victorian police with his perspective on the mystery unfolding. Yes, that's their interpretation of the story, and it's understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes altering the original storyline to catch the attention of viewers. I think in this case it's the only limitation. However, I can accept that historical accuracy may only be important for those who are particularly interested in the realistic events behind a situation. It certainly inspired me to take a closer look. So, look at him and decide for yourself. You might not like it at all, that's your opinion, and that's fine. Maybe it's a film that appeals mostly to the Australian public? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
