After reading bad reviews and being told friends that they could not believe how bad it was, I did not go to see the movie in the cinema. After watching it on DVD, I must say that I regret it now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I dare say it's a good movie. I appreciated. <br /> <br /> People have a thicker skull than Ned's headphones if they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the actual story of most historical character-based movies, there is usually a huge difference between factual and fictional representation. I do not think Ganghis Kahn has ever been described, even if it's not very close to a historical fact. The kind of man that Ned Kelly really was the subject of debate and seems passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories tell as much about those who tell and listen to them as about the character himself. Ned Kelly has become a very popular identity because he represents that aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no dissent or contestation of authority is crazier and more dangerous than a bushranger. <br /> <br /> I did not think it was a faithful reproduction of the historic Kelly gang, but I found it surprisingly surprising. free and refreshing film. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not anywhere as corny as it could have been; for my Australian compatriots, look at "The Lighthorseman" and you'll see what I mean (it's a pity the way this story was treated so badly). Maybe the love affair could have been abandoned for a little more detail in other areas, such as shooting soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoyed the film for that reason, because those are the details that would remain at the heart of Ned's story. And it is the details of history that we discover best by reading the different points of view expressed by the various historians. <br /> <br /> This film would always go through a difficult time, having made a compromise by appealing to a global film market (to pay for pills) and legend in the Australian sense; Perhaps a little of Ned's spirit is in this film, because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both targets. Fortunately, this gave rise to a funny movie quirk. For me, it was an unexpected movie genre on Ned, and that's why I loved it. Orlando Bloom's performance also contributed a lot to the movie - he really added something. I think he would have liked to be the monster instead of the beautiful elf, to change. <br /> <br /> When you think of other films that are much worse than this one, your opinion on this film should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River at any time.
