It must have been several years after its release, so I do not know why it was at the movies. But as a child, I liked it. I just found a VHS tape from Superman and the Mole Men at the flea market and decided to see it again (it's been many years). I did not expect much, knowing now how B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film very watchable and the exceptional acting. The usual game in these types of films leaves a lot to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman has gone from sequence to sequence and could have snapped in the beginning, because the story would have ended, right ?! OK, the men-mole costumes were hokey and not very scary (they did not even scare me when I was a child). However, considering the low budget likely for the background and costumes, it was a job well done by all. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Death Valley Days' Old Ranger and many minor roles in televised westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old Pop and has always been an excellent actor in more movies than I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces of other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as captain of the ship that had fetched King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl who was rolling the ball to the moles under the name of Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the men-moles were also famous. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was the Munchkin who had extended the lollipop to Dorothy, participated in an episode of Seifeld and a host of other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter. He was one of the friends met by the star in Incredible Shrinking Man. , Wizard of Oz and many other pieces - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this movie, was unquestionably wonderful in the role and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He played the strong man very well. In the end, all I said was that this film is worth watching because of the distribution and writing in the treatment of a rather fragile idea for a film. But it was the '50s and everything was possible, from space intruders to men from indoor moles. This is definitely worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. The one who brought the actors together was very lucky to have so many talented actors in a type B film. Some already had a lot of experience and others were about to get some, but all were talented. So, if you have the chance to see the movie, forget the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is it a bird? Is it an airplane? No, just a good old movie to enjoy!
