I used to watch this on HBO, Showtime or Cinemax during the summer of the mid-90s when my parents subscribed to these channels. I have met him several times and I have always found him dark, funny and fascinating. I was young then, at the beginning of my adolescence; and now years later, after discovering the great Arliss Howard and having been blown away by "Big Bad Love", I bought the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and I watched it with my girlfriend for the first time since many years. I really loved that! I was really impressed and affected by that. There are so many complexities of dynamic fluids and intelligence in camera movements and cinematography; which blend perfectly into the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three main characters, their story, the music and all the other actors. It's really "Cinematic". I love the subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence of Arliss Howard. I am a big fan of everything he does. and her interaction with Debra Winger's maniacal joy (of course, they're married) to this charming magical reality that goes beyond the camera. (I wonder if they look at wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for those who have not seen it, it's great.) And, Dennis Quaid in complete clown makeup, sneakily introduced, tilted, hidden and displayed by the selection of takes and its full bloom is the kind of black magic of the movie that you do not see very often. Quaid always had an ominous quality for me anyway, with that huge mouth slit mouth, hiding behind his glittering eyes waiting for him to break loose in the form of mischievous charm or diabolical quirk (here both). Howard and Quaid both have crazy fire behind their eyes to remove their beautiful intense square of inner Gunslinger in a dark way. In fact, the entire movie has dark energy and hip intensity. It's really a fantastic movie, set up by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all involved parties. I really can not imagine how it was funded, and it seems pretty expensive, with a system as conventional, unimaginative, but I thank God, movies like this slip from time to time in the system. In a great way, with all its bright carnival colors, smart intelligence, sincere, distorted humor and exciting chemistry, it reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... ... Now, it's a compliment in my book!
