At the height of the racist feud "Celebrity Big Brother" in 2007 (involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I sentenced "C.B.B." to an Internet forum. Fans who have praised the series, after years of criticizing the "racist" sitcoms of the 70s, such as "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor". I thought they were hypocrites and I said it. "It's not half hot mom" was then thrown into the discussion, some claiming he had played the role of a blackened English actor. Well, yes, but Michael Bates had lived in India as a child and was fluent in Urdu. Critics of the show ignore the reality he has brought to his performance as a carrier "Rangi Ram". The famous Indian actor, Renu Setna, said in a 1995 documentary titled "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms" that he was upset to learn that Bates had landed the role, but added: "No Indian actor would have could play that role too Bates ". Indeed. <br /> <br /> "Mom" was Perry and Croft's show at "Dad's Army"; also in wartime, the calm English town of Walmington-On-Sea had been replaced by the hot and humid jungle of India, especially a place called Deolali, where a group of army concerts presents performances to the troops , including the Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first role on the sitcom since "Doctor in charge"), the camp gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), the diminutive Gunner "Lofty" Sugden, the shooter "Lah de -dah "Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (the late Christopher Mitchell). The belligerent Sergeant-Major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies) presided over this band of outsiders, who considered them all as "dolls". His frustration at not being able to lead his men into the jungle to engage the enemy made him bitter and intimidating (though he was kind to Parkins, he thought he was his illegitimate son!) . Then there was always Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise old sage, starting each show by talking to the camera and closing them by quoting obscure Hindu proverbs. He loved being a carrier so much that he came to consider himself practically British. His friends were Char Wallah, tea producer (the late Dino Shafeek, who later chose "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulling Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So, the real Indians featured in the show - another point that his detractors ignore. Shafeek also provided what was described in the credits as "vocal interruptions" (similar to the 40s songs used as incidental music in "Dad's Army"). All editions ended with the hiss of 'Land Of Hope & Glory', before being silenced by a 'Shut Up!' from Williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Even though she has never equaled "Dad's Army" in public affection, "Mom" has nevertheless been popular enough to run a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle were at the top of the charts with a cover version of this old chestnut 'Whispering Grass'. They then recorded an entire album of old chestnuts, titled (what else?) 'Sing Lofty!'. <br /> <br /> The show hit a critical point three years later, when Bates died of cancer. Rather than recasting the role of 'Rangi', the authors simply let it forget quietly. When George Layton left, the character of "Gloria" took the place of "Bombadier", providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> At the last edition in 1981, the soldiers left India by boat to go to Blighty, the tank. Wallah watches them leave with great sadness (just like the viewers). <br /> <br /> Rehearsals are rare (mainly on UK Gold), because of its reputation as "dubious". This is strange. On the one hand, the program was not specifically about racism. If a masked white man is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 film "A Passage to India" still being shown on television? (He introduced Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!) It was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experiences. Some characters were based on real people (the sergeant major really called his men "poofs"). I think if you're going to put the story on television, do it right. Disinfecting the past, even if it may seem unpleasant to the modern public, is fundamentally dishonest. "Mom" was both funny and truthful, and viewers saw it. Thank God, I tell you. It is time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I will not talk in this jungle!"
