This wartime sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, the best TV show of the year, Dads Army, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very funny. <br /> This is a concert band in India. Most of the episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to get the night out of the jungle as a "puff". He had always failed because the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the party. The concert was composed of the Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), the Ginger Rogers Gunner simulator "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes) and the Gunner "La de da" pianist, trained at the university, the singer Gunner "Loft". Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was completely wrong), big artillery eater "Nosher" Evans and animal imposter (Kenneth MacDonald), it was not Percy Edwards. In addition, the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates) was very involved in the adventures. The Char-Wallahs and the Punkah-Wallahs (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) gave him wonderful support. <br /> <br /> The show, just like the army of dads left many slogans. Rangi Ram was saying to his Punkah Wallah, "Do not be so smart," and he ended many shows saying, "Here is a very old Hindu proverb, for example, when a woman has an affair with a best friend, it does not stop your house caught on fire "It was Williams who had the most slogans. He always shouted "Shuddup !!!!!", "Oh my God, how sad it is, it does not matter" and when he talks to Gunner Graham, he always speaks with a sarcastic accent with a chic accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not enjoy the same recognition that Dads Army did. This is probably due to a question of taste: this is considered raw. Williams is homophobic and calls his men "Puffs", but it must be said that Williams is boring. In addition, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was blackened to play against Rangi Ram (Bates was born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking English), so that the BBC a little uncomfortable putting it on, even though the vast majority of people who watched the show see that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and who was not in the least offended and ok like me made it a very entertaining show. When I see an episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than for any other sitcom, but when I see it a second time, I do not laugh too much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army I laugh a few times in an episode. <br /> <br /> Best episode: The path of banu, series 1, episode 7
