7 if you are a child 6 if you claim to be an adult. This half-suite of the Lion King sees turn aside the minor characters of Timone and Pumba, telling the original story through their eyes, including the story of their meeting. In the great tradition of Disney, mediocre suites are created and occasionally television series presenting the adventures of minor characters of their greatest successes. You can be as skeptical as you like, but kids and fans of the show will probably not care. there are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make it one of the few above-average suites. It works because of the charm of the beloved central characters, the fast pace, the jokes on the first movie, and for the older audience, there are funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, although it is a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot is to let go, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first film, often stopping the middle of the film to make jokes on some of its parts, like a real audience. We see how Timone is an outsider, he feels bad in his place and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way, he meets Pumba, another pariah and they become friends. Soon they meet Simba, a lion cub, the natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he has to follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to the others to decide whether or not to help, and how. Of course, the usual elements and themes of Disney are here, friendship, good against evil, etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animated movie. As synthetic films emerge, Disney's traditional form must become smarter, not to mention the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and everyone who has come here since have been smart, with jokes for all ages, and it seems that this is the way the market is evolving. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you can not go wrong buying this for the youngest. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
