The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the source novel, written by Stephen King, and yet it is widely recognized as one of the best cinematic interpretations of the master's horror work. . This is due to two factors: the masterful direction of Stanley Kubrick and the cold game of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter months, unaffected by the horrible stories surrounding the place: he claims that a Isolated and secluded place is all he needs to finish his new book. That's how the Overlook becomes the Torrance family's new home: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy in particular feels from the beginning that something is wrong: the cook, Dick O'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers), tells him that he has a mysterious psychic energy, the holder Shining, which allows people like him and Dick. see flashes of the past and the future, among others. Because of this "gift", the forces that live in the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, although he is quite capable of resisting them. This is not the case with Jack, however, as he becomes more and more paranoid about his wife's affections and seeks comfort in the company of what could best be defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining works like a horror movie because Kubrick, though never having worked on this type of movie, knew exactly what was working and what was not, where the greater attention to the atmosphere and psychological shocks to that of the bloody and creative baths. . King criticized the director for altering most of the story, omitting most of the secondary Jack / Danny plot (just mentioned in the film) that led to the book's emotional climax. Although his disappointment was valid, this omission was actually necessary: ​​novel deals with redemption, albeit unconventionally, and redemption is a theme for which Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human degradation, never had the slightest weakness. What interests him is the mental and physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and he keeps the tone terrifying even through a very cold approach and expert use of the Steadicam plan (the meeting of Danny with two twins ghostly is the best example). ). <br /> <br /> Another criticism raised by King concerned the actors, especially Nicholson: in the opinion of the author, his smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, which undermined the rest of the film. story. It's true that Nicholson looks a little crazy from the start, but it's also true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) would probably not have been able to deliver a performance as terrifying as that from Nicholson. he begins to smile in a more disturbing way than before to the immortal "Here is Johnny!" In this scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing this role and, even if the television version of The Shining of 1997 is not so bad, the character of Torrance is indelible linked to the star of the movie "Vol au above the cuckoo's nest ". As for Duvall and Lloyd, they both provide tremendous support, the latter particularly deserving of a place alongside Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as big icons of horror cinema for children. One could complain that Duvall is completely different from his counterpart in the book (blond and beautiful) and has little to do except shout and flee, but two things must be taken into account: a) in 1980, the cliche "screaming the queen" was not yet one; b) rarely did an actress seem so sincerely terrified in front of the camera, making the difference between the book and the film a secondary source in relation to the fear that emerges in Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting is not a perfectly faithful adaptation of a literary work (and he should know it, given the freedoms that Danny Boyle had when his head of 'junkie work was shown on screen), which does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. The Shining proves that everything is perfect: very little of the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson, this master class in bulk cinematic translation becomes one of the horror images the most beautiful and the most original of all time. which really says something given the current mediocre form of the genre.
