Sometimes it goes beyond The Thing as my favorite horror movie. Although Carpenter's film is the most effective and entertaining film, Kubrick's film is more artistic, more stimulating and probably more frightening. It's one of the few movies where I can look beyond its faults and really love it. I try not to compare it to the book ?? that I only read once, a few years ago, and who scared me to death ?? because the two do not have much in common, apart from the story and the characters of course. It's almost as if Kubrick was betting on the novel's love to make his film more frightening. And so, it's certainly one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so terrifying is not the fear of the jump, nor the blood and gore, not the various ghosts that appear from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people complained about Nicholson's role in this role, saying it was too obvious that he would go crazy in the film, given his previous roles and appearance. I do not agree. We know that he will go crazy? since most of us have read the book? and Jack's appearance only reinforces that notion. But it's his way of acting at the beginning that really scares us. He is calm, calm, patient. He engages in a senseless conversation with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a woman and a son as irritating as his, it is a small miracle that he succeeds in doing so. But once he gets to the big picture, he changes. He becomes irritable, angry, angry. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts by typing, and he loses it completely telling him to "leave him alone". This is the first F bomb in the movie, and the system is shocked. From this moment, all bets are open. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I love is the multiple interpretations present in the film. We are never really sure that what we are seeing is really happening. Many critics have noted that every time Jack speaks to a ghost, there is a mirror, showing that he can talk to himself as well. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the movie peaks, until she gets to visit the many ghost inhabitants of the hotel, but she knows very well that something is wrong, while Danny connects almost immediately with the place. His psychic powers are not involved? otherwise, how could Hallorann have come to the hotel? ?? but does he ever see one of the ghosts his parents witness? It's easy to pretend that Jack simply loses it, being trapped in a hotel with his family, and Wendy too later ?? to see your husband trying to kill you with an ax will do that ?? but what about Danny? It seems that his body is taken by Tony, but how to know for sure? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Hallorann would probably be, and he warns of dangers in 237, but he is killed as soon as he arrives at the Overlook (a fear that Kubrick succeeds by playing on the assumptions of the fans of the novel). And this last shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic end to cinema? Did Jack really go through there? Or was his body simply "absorbed" in the hotel? When we talk about playing in this film, all discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most boring performances in the history of cinema ?? probably on purpose, to give Jack's character more than one reason to break? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a powerhouse. In part method, partly improvisation, it is both terrifying and attractive. For better or for worse, he is the character with whom we identify, not the annoying kid or the harassing woman. We all want to have a hotel for us all season, to be able to do what we want. Who cares if it's haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are great. Kubrick's long shots, odd angles and strange images all contribute to the horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and any other reason only exacerbates it. And do not even get me started on this point. I do not know if the movie would be half as scary without this obsessive electronic air. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the atmosphere and the film as a whole. <br /> <br /> I know that King does not like this film, but his contribution to the cinema is not boastful. Even if he is a great writer, his scenarios are terrible and his attempt at realization is better ignored. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it is not necessary and it really is not the case. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer does not have the book to turn on; there is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully modifies the story to further terrorize the public. If only for that, it's one of the most innovative films of all genres. And there is everything else besides.
