The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) making his way to an isolated hotel called "Overlook" in Colorado's highlands, as part of an interview with his director, Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), about the fact let him become the guardian of winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic upkeep of the hotel, but that he will be almost totally isolated from the rest of the world for six months as the harsh winter sets in. With his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel and at the beginning, everything seems to be fine, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and everything they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook Hotel has a troubled past with a former guard who murdered his entire family before committing suicide. Danny has the ability to "shine", which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that "ordinary" people can not. As the days, weeks, and months begin to flow, Jack gets more and more crazy, Danny continues to "see" things and people, while Wendy becomes frantic as she does not no idea what happens to his family, when a big snowstorm leaves them trapped. Jack finally loses it ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is an excellent horror film. It seems that The Shining is another film that exists in two different versions and the one I'm going to comment on is the shortest European version, which lasts just under two hours. Kubrick & Diane Johnson's screenplay is based on Stephen King's novel that I have not read, so I can not compare them. It's a psychological rather than a visual horror, with only one murder during the entire movie. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny who are the only ones who really matter, because the movie focuses almost exclusively on them. You love them, get involved with them and what they live. The pace is a little slow, but it's a movie that did not seem so long and that keeps you interested all along. On the negative side, I do not think the reasoning behind Jack getting mad and wanting to kill his family was loud enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation bothers me and I do not know if I Something wrong, but that end made no sense to me, I'm still trying to understand what this photo is! There is very little violence or coolness, a couple of ghosts of rotten zombies and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not need to rely on blood nor on the special effects because it has a captivating story. . With a budget of about $ 19,000,000, The Shining is technically flawless as one would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, the cinematography is brilliant with some fluid and fluid steadicam shots while the The camera effortlessly follows the character in the maze of corridors, the sets seem quite real and replace the clichés of haunted house themes like dark corners, basements and cobwebs. Kubrick brings modern elements with very bright corridors, huge and vast spaces and modern decor (well 80's modern, just check that red toilets out!). The acting is good on the part of everyone involved although, as usual in horror movies, the little kid is very annoying & Nicholson seems crazy from the start. The Shining is an exciting movie that I enjoyed watching, but I'm not sure to see it again in a moment. For those looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you will be disappointed, for those looking for a good haunted house horror with a strong story, I really think The Shining is for you and deserves a watch at my humble opinion.
