A series of random, apparently insignificant robberies in her sister's boarding house agitated Miss Lemon. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe? there does not seem to be any rhyme or reason for that. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to examine the question. But what Poirot sees is something much more sinister than the one Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in the boarding house is found murdered. It belongs to Poirot to bring to justice an assassin. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid entry, but not spectacular, in the long Poirot series. I appreciate how faithful the script is to Agatha Christie's original story. I realize that some freedoms have had to be taken, but I nevertheless appreciate the effort. The main points of the mystery are all there ?? the little flights, the boarding school, the students, the torn backpack and, of course, Poirot's ability to see something sinister before it actually happens. With a few exceptions, the students are almost as I imagined them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd stand out from the group. Although I still enjoy David Suchet's Poirot, the episodes of Phillip Jackson's inspector Japp and Miss Lemon by Pauline Moran appeal to me. This episode is a real treat because Miss Lemon spends more time on the screen than usual. Finally, I appreciated the use of the mouse, always present, as an observer of the activities of the hostel. It's a fun little game about the title of Hickory Dickory Dock. <br /> <br /> I realized by watching Hickory Dickory Dock again how much Agatha Christie's work had a huge influence on the very movies of the '60s and' 70s. Let's take the example of the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis. If you had to reinforce the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight out of Giallo in the early 70's. In fact, the whole plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's just pretty complicated and interesting enough to have worked.
