Sometimes it takes a film master like Kubrick to bring that little something extra, that unique, indisputable and elusive ingredient that turns a good movie or script into a masterpiece for the ages. <br /> <br /> It's not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes, which is hard to miss, even for the most talented filmmakers. Heck, even the king himself did not hurt so badly. This is the way Kubrick perceives King's universe, transforming the page into screen time, making THE SHINING a visual feast and a compact masterclass for staging. creepy. The film is moving at a fast, crisp, sharp pace, even if it is neither fast nor heavily edited and lasts at least 160 minutes. The camera lurks in the sumptuous corridors of the Overlook Hotel as a sort of mystical labyrinth, a place of choice for exploration, with linear tracking plans revealing the immaculately decorated interiors in all their splendor. The way Kubrick perceives space is a symmetrical and geometric approach that reminds me a lot of how Japanese filmmakers worked in the sixties. As if what is described is irrelevant to how all the elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Some images stand out clearly. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied off the screen since the shock of a bullet, like unfortunate drums coming from another floor or produced by the typewriter itself as if she was an instrument of misery by herself, then revealing herself as nothing short of that. A red river running through the hotel lifts in slow motion. Jack hitting the door with the ax, the camera moving with him, following the action instead of remaining static, as if it were the camera that broke through the door and not the ax. The super fast zoom on the kid's face buried us in the head before we saw the two dead girls from his POV. And of course, the scene of the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about Jack Nicholson's overactivity. His crazy man does not quite succeed, because, well, he's Jack Nicholson. The guy still looks half crazy. Playing crazy turns it into an exaggerated caricature of itself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired casting choices Kubrick has ever had. Coming from a series of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, NASHVILLE), she brings to her character the appropriate amounts of fragility and emotional distress. A wonderful actress and very underrated.
