The Shining, you know what's weird about this movie? This is the film that everyone, for those who claim not to like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a fantastic movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of madness and blood. It's just an incredible movie and whether you've seen it or not, you've heard about it, you know some lines and some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack "This is Johnny!"? Who could forget "All Work and No Play, make Jack a monotonous boy"? Who could forget that scary ending? It's the movie that's unforgettable and honestly, in my opinion, it's Kubrick's best work. I know there are a lot of arguments in this department, many people say that in 2001: a space odyssey or Orange Clockwork or even Dr. Strangelove, but if these films were the pioneers of production cinematographic, so Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, terrifying images and the ultimate story of ghosts that crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son, Danny, and his wife, Wendy, arrive at the Overlook Hotel on the day of the closure. Dick Hallorann, the old African-American chef, surprises Danny by talking to him telepathically and offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift. they called the communication "brilliant". Danny asks if there is anything to fear in the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has some "sparkle" and many memories, which are not all good, and advise him to stay out of the room. 237 in all circumstances. Danny's curiosity for Room 237 finally prevailed when he saw that the room had been opened. Danny arrives injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack has abused Danny. Jack strolls into the hotel's golden room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts frantically shouting the word "redrum" and scribbling on the walls. He goes into a trance and retires; he now says he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel radio, cutting off communications with the outside, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic scream and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack typed endless manuscript pages repeating "All the work and no play makes Jack a boring boy", formatted in different ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and stuns her with a baseball bat, making her lose consciousness, locking her in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack chats with Grady through the locker door, which then unlocks to release him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in the lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When she looks in the mirror, she realizes it's "Murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an ax and starts cutting through the door leading to his family's home. "Here's Johnny!", And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those movies you have to take seriously, it's an incredible film that still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I also think that Shelley Duvall is extremely unknown, her scene in which she discovered Jack's All The Disable? It's amazing, it's a horror look and you can see that fear on her face after realizing that her husband is crazy. Another incredible scene is where Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub. This is one of the most terrifying scenes of horror cinema. If this film is so well known, it's because it's a movie of perfection, it's on The Simpsons, it's already been shown in other movies and it's a movie that will always stay with you when you you'll see it, believe me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
