Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to miss, but The Shining is at the top. It's however by far the best story of Stephen King that has been turned into a movie. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not as scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better than Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (barely, though), and yes, c is better than buying Shawshank (shut up is better), I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that there is Twenty years, Stanley Kubrick was sorting novels at home trying to find the one who would make a good movie and that in the other room, his wife heard a pounding. noise every half hour or as he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally, she did not hear a sound for almost two hours and when she went to check if he was dead in his chair or something (I say with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrated on the book he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank you to God, because he turned this book into one of the best horror movies of all time. <br /> <br /> We can thank Stephen King for the complexity of the story, from a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to supervise him during the extremely isolated winter. works on writing. We can thank Jack Nicholson for his unparalleled performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies did Jack play in which he plays a character named Jack?), As well as for his flawless performance of several lines now famous ("Heeeeeere's Johnny !!"). We can thank Shelley Duvall for giving a performance that allows the audience to understand Jack's desire to kill her. We can thank Stanley Kubrick for giving this excellent story its very recognizable touch and thank the casting director for taking the most terrifying twins out of the world to play the role of murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this film, necessary for the story as a whole to have its most significant effect, is its isolation and flawless presentation. The film begins with a long scene following Jack who goes to the old hotel for his interview for the interim caretaker position for the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing after Jack and his family as they walk up the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time, the scene is interspersed with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny chatting in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak in a quick suggestion about the ills of television, while Wendy expressed her concern about talking about cannibalism in front of her. Danny, who says it's okay because he's already seen it on TV ("See, it's okay, he saw it on TV"). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this one, and its bloody past is made much more scary by the huge echoing halls and long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that have created most of the film's scare, and Kubrick's traditional tracking plans give the hallways a frightening three-dimensional impression. At the beginning of the film, a famous follow-up plan follows Danny in a big circle as he travels down the halls of his Ferris wheel (is that called?), And his relative speed (as well as the slapping of the wheels when coming and going from the hardwood floors to the rugs) gives the impression of not knowing what is happening around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you're expecting something that's obvious to you. I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scariest in the movie) is when Danny plays on the ground and a ball rolls slowly towards him. He looks up and sees the long, empty hallway, and since the balloon is a child's toy, you expect it to be those horribly terrifying twins that made it roll. Anyway, you get the point. The Shining is a damn scary movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to having the rare quality of being a horror film that does not fear, The Shining has a very deep story that prevents you from guessing and lets you feel that there was something you missed. Was Jack still there, as Mr. Grady had told him in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921 or is it just someone who looks like him? If he's always been the guardian, as Mr. Grady said, does that mean he's the one who went mad and killed his wife and two daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a film to leave traces that should have been tied, it's just a mediocre cinematography. For example, The Amityville Horror, who obviously copied much of The Shining's subject matter, did it. But it's quite different when a movie is presented in a way that makes you think (as Kubrick's films generally do). One last thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick, and we MUST thank him, is for not throwing this book against the wall. This throwing would have been a cinematic tragedy.
