This scary, majestic and majestic film combines all the elements of an intellectual thriller with the grandiose vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to shoot a horror film in the realm of his cinematic genius that includes the original plan , an icy soundtrack and a general feeling of dehumanization. This film goes through all the typical horror films, like a red poker or a human eye, because it allows the viewer to feel not only the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but also to appreciate the germ behind the film. inconvenience. One of the scariest things that people have to face is the unknown and this film presents its scenario taking into account this thought. The setting is perfect, in a deserted winter refuge. The tranquility of the moment is a character in itself, because the fermenting aggressor in the spirit of Jack Torrance wallows in this moment of inactivity and engenders the new playground of the devil. I always felt that the presence of evil was dormant in all our minds. Only the circumstances of the moment and the reasons given were to wake up his violent ass and throw himself on his unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this very thought. <br /> <br /> And it is in the subtle touches of the canvas of this film, the slamming of the big wheel of the boy who walks in the empty corridors of the hotel, the labyrinthine garden representing the line the demarcation of the mind between sane and mad, the deliberately pierced editing inconsistencies, the errors of continuity and the erroneous arrangements, make us discover a world guided by the right and the tangible, but driven by the powerful and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without it as a point of comparison, I am proud to say that it is one of the most terrifying films I have ever seen. I thought the film's length might have been slightly reduced, but I'm not one of the most acclaimed filmmakers in the film's history, so maybe I should keep my two cent reviews on a great movie, to myself. All in all, this film captures your attention with its grandiose form and vision, chaining you with a certain terror and eccentric direction, then binds you and stabs you to the heart with its cold-eyed vision of the man's mind who went to the sea, scary. atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
