Anthony McGarten adapted his play, Via Satellite, and made the best comic film out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop-in. She has not accomplished much in her last years and has developed a resentment towards her family since her father's confession on the death bed. Her twin sister, Carol (also represented by Danielle Cormack), is in the spotlight as she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A desperate and desperate middle-aged director (Brian Sergent) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also Chrissy's star in the night before - Paul (Karl Urban) films the proudest moment of the Dunn family; watch Carol swim to victory. It would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the epitome of embarrassment. First there is the Wellington Dunn matriach, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She prepares fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the very important film crew and refuses to change her way of life. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), is desperate to become something more than common. She has a beautiful house (with the walls of the room painted "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive tastes and a nasty parasitic attitude to match. She is also almost 40 years old and is desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and is forced to do work that does not require work ... and work to accomplish, namely Jen. The middle girl, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the Best Supporting Actress award at the New Zealand Film Awards) - is an "upside-down" tart that has a dubious history with Ken. The two older sisters clash, the mother is in a state, Ken is as bad as a tool, Tim Taylor, Carol feeds his Olympic desire and Chrissy is aware that all this needs to be broadcast on national television - why should not she not be embarrassed? It's great to see New Zealand personalities perform in a suburban comedy with spiritual lines. I loved the sparring between Jen and Lyn. One looks like an adult Mona-my-biological-biological clock, the other is a narcissistic tramp who has what his sister desires - a baked bun. The highlight of the film is quite sentimental and well done. The performances are a treat and the film works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
