Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals in a local club. She is prey to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder and kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through a hypnotic suggestion, a person (a possible task master pulling his strings like a puppet) is pushing Lorna to kill those she encounters in isolated places just when he seems like making love is about to start. After the murders in her fantasies were committed, Lorna wakes up perplexed, often unaware of whether what she knew about her dreams actually took place in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work of Franco, I would say that it is elegant and difficult. To date, you have probably already read other comments from users who are troubled by the subject of this film, as much of it takes place in the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was strongly influenced by Godard at the beginning of his career, both in cinematographic style, so he decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a kind of totally different viewing experience. And, as you could read from the reaction of the comments of the users here .. Some, as in this decision, find the style painstaking, dull and disconcerting. I'll be the first to admit that the film is above my head, but even Franco, interviewed by critics who watched "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film and that he had realized! Some might say that "Succubus" was only a forerunner of his most admired work, "Venus in Furs", considered a masterpiece by the Francophone faithful, because it also adopts the surrealist and dreamlike structure where the protagonist do not know / she experiences something real or imagined. In a sense, like the protagonist, we experience the same kind of confusion. Certainly, "Succubus" is an unconventional movie in which we are not given the keys to what exactly is happening. And, much of the elusive dialogue does not help things. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet," Corman's film, "A Bucket of Blood" made fun of. My personal favorite scene teases a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets at a chic party ... a strange fantastic sequence where models are used quite unusually. Beautiful places and jazz score..I liked this movie, although I can understand why it receives a negative reaction. I loved this scene at the chic evening with Lorna, a little drunk, writhing on the floor in a beautiful evening dress while the other people attending the party (... also wasted) took her in a hug of kisses .
