I have not seen all the films of Jess Franco, I have seen 5, I think, and they are more than 180. So maybe it's a bit early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden "(better known as" Succube ", but it is the shortened version) is in my opinion, if not the best, certainly one of the best of Franco. Franco is best known (although "known" can be slightly exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cult movie that gained popularity in the mid-90s, when people discovered that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, a few lucky people discovered the man and found out what to expect after watching the video clip of "The Lion and the Cucumber" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is a overwhelming director. When the phone rang for "Vampiros", I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Since that moment, Franco has never been able to seize me so much. But then I came across this movie. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We discover that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" so great: his debut did not impress me at all. Remember, I had already seen "Vampiros Lesbos" (although it happened only three years later, chronologically) and the two films begin a little in the same way. But then, the story continued, curious and captivating, a superb camera work and everything you would like to see Godard do if he was not so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the film, I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not out of date. The man says that all films must be out of date because it takes weeks before the audience sees what has been filmed. But the girl answers that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made yesterday movies for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting leading actress and of course, Howard Vernon, a Franco regular, is also present. Fortunately, the acting is good (which can spoil many pro-Franco movies for you, but not this one). But beware of the fake scene. The erotic tension, the wild staging and the fact that it's a film from yesterday to tomorrow make it a movie that many people should see. The fact that it is a little more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" is certainly useful.
