Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we all know them so much in movies galore. Nowadays, most films deal with crimes that would involve viewers and give them a thrilling atmosphere. However, most thrill seekers will focus more on the latest movies of this genre, forgetting the older ones. Yet, these people can easily be misled. A movie based entirely on suspicion can be very interesting now, even if he is over 20 years old ... it's GARDE A VIEW, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of action? Not really, because the events presented in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they are executed is the big advantage of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is currently under investigation by inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and insurer Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very precise for such a meeting. However, after the rape and murder of two children, at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words, (more cited in the movie), you have to reveal who is a bad wolf. To achieve this, it takes a lot of effort and a lot of emotions on the part of both parties ... <br /> <br /> Some people blame the script for being too wordy. However, I would ask them: What should an investigation look like if not many questions and practically a lot of discussion? This word touches the very roots of the genre. This is not boring, but throughout the film, you are involved as a spectator, as an observer. In addition, the film contains well-made flashbacks as stories are told. Not too much and not too little - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks for me are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the views of the places, including the famous beach. All this has helped me wonderfully to keep up the good pace. And since I saw GUARD A VIEW, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against accusations of waste and chaos. <br /> <br /> But the aspects already mentioned will not necessarily please many viewers, because they may not like such films and will still not find the content and its satisfactory performance. However, CUSTODY is also worth seeing. Why? For reasons of performance. But here, do not expect me to want to rent Romy Schneider first and foremost. GARDE A VUE is not Romy Schneider's vehicle. She does a great job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. She credibly represents a calm, concrete person who does not refuse a free cup of tea but does not want to play with words. His part, which includes a deep discussion of life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than the overly melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. He is always acting. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes of the credits; she, as a wife and different point of view, comes symbolically with the New Year, at midnight. His role is purely carrier. Lino Ventura is the best. It is the middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to discover the truth, aware that his questions are "missiles" towards the other interlocutor but do not hesitate. It is an inspector who, after having married three times, perfectly recognizes the female psyche. It is he who does not consider his work as a game but as a real service. Finally, it is a person who does not find abnormal to sit there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a great job expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But congratulations to Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Regarding the memorable moments, this is not the kind of film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole movie is memorable, must be seen more than once and must be felt with its atmosphere and, I have not mentioned before, beautiful music. For me, the speech of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the most brilliant moment without fail. You are there with the two characters, you experience their states of mind if you deepen what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VIEW is a very interesting film, to see absolutely for the amateurs of thrills and the amateurs of art performances. The New Year has begun and ... is it now easier to open the door? You'll know when you decide to see the movie directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
