We, fans of Ed Wood, tend to be an obsessive group at first, but this particular film led me to a level of fan-dom that I had never approached before! One of the most intense thrills of the adulation of big movies, at least for me, is the pleasure of digging up the dark. I remember how, as a teenager, I really wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" ("Night of the Ghouls"), which had been vaulted for a few decades. In the same way, mysterious masterpieces of the realization of low budget films like "A night to maim" of Doris Wishman or half of the works of Jesus Franco! However, in recent years, videos and DVDs have made these treasures once untraceable, TOO ALL accessible - even for those who find themselves on the "wrong" side (!) Of the Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> And then, here, there was "I woke up early the day I died" - a movie that should have been so "big", and yet disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria There was printed the first article long enough that began to make me want. The 1990s NEED a hard-to-find film, but one that REALLY deserves to be found: to be sure, it's ... I do not want to add too many comments on all these wonderful aspects of the film - its chic but kitsch cast, its mesmerizing but often hallucinogenic visuals, its marvelous moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French filmmakers of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even his band his memorable summer was described with the greatest eloquence by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I want to mention is the pleasure I received, as well as the hunt for some obscure artifacts relating to what was almost lost to us. -but fortunately-not-quite the movie! I think the German video, which I watched in Cologne on a cold and dry winter day, is pretty well known to Ed Wood fans now. It is also common knowledge that a promotional poster for the film has been published. However, there is fortunately more to find !!! First of all, there are a number of critics available in the German version of THEATRICAL of the movie. I used several in my translation classes to try to "Woodify" my students ..... some of these reviews are praise for the film. artistic value and entertainment - and the most interesting of all is that most critics have placed it in both American and European traditions. Secondly, there is Larry Group's score, which can be bought from the man himself - many tracks exert a really emotional appeal on the listener, especially if you are considering the "arched" status of the film and that he becomes a little melancholy. at the same time. Finally, for the moment, I would like to mention the SOUNDTRACK promo that Cinequanon has published in extremely limited numbers. Start, borrow, steal, kill or do the right thing if you have the chance to get one !!!!!! It contains 14 pieces of the film, including Eartha Kitt's ballad, "Jesus I Was Evil" by Darcy Clay (two versions of which are also available on CD from New Zealand, though that's another story!), The cool radio music Christina Ricci dances, but also these incredible techno drops of Minty and ZHV (the latter being techno band Billy Z) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed, let Ed Wood direct your life.
