This 1998 film was based on a screenplay by the late Edward D. Wood, a scenario that presented NO dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. Although much of Wood's work has been devoted to eccentric low-budget entries in various genre-film traditions, his first feature film, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a visionary attempt to express the unspeakable through primitive techniques of avant-garde. I woke up early the day that I died represents this side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, although this film is a comedy (a nightmarish comedy, though!), While the cross-dressing theme of GLEN or GLENDA was taken so seriously by Wood there was no place for comedy there. From the first few seconds of this movie, I knew I was being taken to a new cinematic world, and I really can not compare this world to anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music, music, photography, etc. - is revolutionary on many levels. In particular, although the film does not have a "dialogue", there are sounds of all kinds and also a "language", but you will have to see how it is done, because the ingenuity and the surprise of the methods provide a level of excitement. Glen's or Glenda-esque's technique of juxtaposing archival footage for surrealistic effects works well in the film and is minimized. The entire movie is played to a degree of hysterical fever, and Billy Zane provides an incredible feat showing how he is a brilliant comedian and physical actor. In a fair world, he would have been rewarded for this performance. He even looks like Ed Wood, and as Zane plays, this character is repeatedly funny, fishy, ​​tragic, friendly and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously !!!). What a shame that this film was caught in legal problems and that it has never been released in cinemas or video in North America, playing only a few festivals. For the moment, it's only available on video in Germany (in fact, my copy comes from a German source.) The excerpts from Wood's screenplay, which appear from time to time on the screen, are translated into German, although the newspaper headlines (that the low-budget technique of giving plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, is used here in newspaper headlines (tradition in Wood)), which Zane considers to be in English). I think this film could have been word of mouth if it had been played at midnight in some big cities with careful promotion. And if we played city after city on the art-film circuit, it could have been good. In fact, if the legal problems can be solved, I would suggest that the film should ALWAYS be distributed in theaters, especially a "cult" version of MIDNIGHT. It's a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Have I "understood" each scene? No, but I "felt" each scene with emotion. Did everything "work" in the movie? Maybe not. I only saw it twice and the first time I was interrupted several times. However, with all the rejects of the assembly line playing multiplexes and with so many "alternative" films that are fetishistic or pretentious, the film-video school rejections, we need real experiments done in Hollywood like this one. -this. Bob Dylan's recent film "Masked and Anonymous" took risks similar to Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONTAL. This film could find a much wider audience than those. If you read this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this film seems intriguing, see if it has already been broadcast on video. You will not be bored. Invite friends for a party. Play the amazing LOUD soundtrack. I have the impression that, wherever he is, Ed Wood is satisfied with this film and feels that his unique vision has been justified and a little validated by the realization of this film. Wood probably also laughs that, just as he seemed to always have the glitches of life, the film that was returned to him after his death is suspended in court and remains unpublished in the country where it was shot.
