OK, so I know this movie because of the presence of one of my friends and I actually visited the film set so, from a personal point of view, I was intrigued to finally see this dark little gem. If you are looking for info on this movie, you will find that it is mired in legal problems (even more than 7 years after filming), so if you are like me, then you will do everything in your power to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn because when I received it today by mail, it was a very rough and grainy copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" release, completed by a boring mini timecode but, alas, I could still enjoy it, but not as much as if I had a true copy, I suggest you get it if you want the film to have the full impact on your movie . From what I have gleaned, it has been released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With that, good luck and good research / offer ...;). The score / sndtrk is worth it. Very eclectic and varied (something rare these days in my humble opinion in the movie) - I think it will be my next score / score to locate, but I move away from the subject ... <br /> < br /> Now let's get to the exam. The film begins when Billy Zane's character injects a nurse into the psychiatric ward in which he is apparently locked up. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and quickly launches into a series of robberies in a bank / loan, but after escaping with the loot, well, I guess that's where it starts the "plot" - he inadvertently loses it. After committing several crimes and misdemeanors to various celebrities to locate the money, he finds himself in a cemetery where a funeral - I think for the deceased he filmed at the lending office / and even with the cars police and the cops of the 1950s who constantly monitor him, he is never seen or caught. (He sees newspapers telling his "crimes") I liked it because it prolonged the plot. After all, it's a FILM (see: fiction) and the director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all that is possible to 1) realize the vision of Wood and 2) give it an impression of updating, everything having snapshots of authentic 50s police cars intertwined, ahh, local stores $ LA.99 - so good where my 9 notes. If the period and the accessories were genuine - I would have given a 10. Now, it ends a little weird and I will not spoil it for anyone, but let's just say that the final end is a little disappointing for her, for me, it there were promises, action and comedy - until the end, so ... with ALL that has been said - you can leave a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just know that there is no dialouge (except for some stories and songs) it may be your driveway - maybe not - but I really think it's worth it to be watched. The actors all perform well and it's only the inconsistency in the period pieces that made me really want this correction - so I would certainly say to watch this movie because it's not like that these studios have released these days (or will be in the future, too) I'm sure.
