To finally see what many consider to be the greatest film about women in prison of all time, I felt that I had accomplished something as ridiculous as it may seem. Well, it contained the items I expected and delivered much more. A constant that I discover in these films is the harshness and courage of actresses in the role of prisoners preparing their escape, while their threshold, tolerance and resolution (.. not to mention their mental health) are tested by their superiors . While most of them were hired for their bare appearance, because the nature of the genre requires such free elements, something else emerges, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, to which I finally answer. <br /> As you may know, Demme debuted for her mentor, Roger Corman, and provides the target audience with exactly what they want while putting their own footprint on the storyline. the procedure. For example, some characters have weird dreams that define their current psychological state (there is a particular number with guard Barbara Steele where she reminded me of Alex de Large from A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> The film shows prisoners anticipating a daring escape, tired of the mad antics of their director in a wheelchair and her hazel prison doctor, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the tough and sassy sister who is fed up with the environment and will do whatever it takes to get by. She is the one that all girls are afraid to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the last prisoner who was arrested by police and convicted of murdering a police officer, not wishing to give the names of those with whom she was involved. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, Pandora's best friend (Ella Reid). Belle becomes Randolph's obsession, promising that Superintendent McQueen (Steele) will allow him, through surgery, to suppress his violent tendencies. The druggist, Randolph takes nude pics and sodomizes her, moaning like a little girl because of her own mental deficiencies while squeezing her naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in life imprisonment for the murder of a scumbag whose parent was a senator. Lavelle receives work in Randolph's office and is the one who links his antics to Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film to the expected end as a planned outing, using as hostages those hiding behind the various trauma inflicted on the prisoners, gunshots firing. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed by the photographic work of Demme's long-time collaborator, director of photography Tak Fujimoto, is able to establish striking moments in the confines of the prison, cells and rooms. It is not an easy task. The prison is decently shabby and the girls, despite their attraction, look like desperate prisoners who yearn for desperation in the depths of their souls to escape such a horrible trap. Steele is superb as a supervisor, understanding how to play the role at the edge of the chasm without going too far, able to speak frankly of the madness of her character pushed back into a restraint ... notice how she works his glasses and is adjusted without being overthrow especially when certain behaviors she despises to push her to the edge of the fall. Cale's bluesy score is incredibly depressing, while showing the audience that the movie is still fun. I think Cale's score reflects how Demme handled the content. The partnership of Cale and Demme is a mysterious alliance that presents the setting as a sad, isolating and oppressive place, while simultaneously presenting a humorous tone impregnated by colorful characters, in part thanks to the cast's personalities. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, while two of our girls (joining a third) interrupt a bank robbery already in progress. The kicker is that it was a bank they planned to steal! As you can imagine, you have naked women in the shower, a prisoner in solitary confinement, a brawl of cats, shootings, failed escape attempts and other exploitative elements (like a horrible shock therapy, not to exclude the shocking sequence mentioned above). where the docile doc takes advantage of Belle). Interestingly enough, Demme tells the film to the unpretentious public, nor to the kind of film he was doing.
