Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary New World Pictures band is considered one of the finest classics of the 70s with celluloid. Beautiful star Russ Eric Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin gives a strong winning performance as a new copper-plated and resilient fish who does his best to persevere in an infernal and infernal penitentiary. Barbara Steele, always fabulous, offers a deliciously perverse portrait as a naughty supervisor, crippled and sexually frustrated (her erotic dream of a slow and wet striptease in front of the prisoners is a real delusion). Favorite actress of the 70s, Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers"), Collins plays a hilarious and endearing trick like a kleptomaniac fuel with an impassive face that tells a dirty and overflowing joke on Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (aka Crystin Sinclaire of "Eaten Alive" by Tobe Hooper and "Ruby" by Curtis Harrington) makes his film debut as wild cat Crazy Alice. And Cheryl "Rainbeaux", always cuddly, Smith makes a charming and touching recovery of his fragile and innocent and frightened role taken from "Lemora: The tale of the supernatural for a child". <br /> <br /> Although this image provides the expected breadth of foul language, nudity, rape and violence, it is by no means a typically crass and sexist piece of filthy filth; the film effectively explores the many ways in which men cruelly exploit women and emphatically affirms the pro-feminist notion that women can overcome all obstacles if they come together to bravely face their misogynist oppressors in a fighting force powerful. Demme's piquant and confident direction is reflected in a glorious abundance of remarkably observed accidental details and pleasing moments of engaging and bizarre human behavior. In addition, Tak Fujimoto's dynamic cinematography and John Cale's wonderfully painful blues oddball score are 100% perfect. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the movie "Track of the Moonbeast", screaming "Track of the Moonbeast", horribly awful, has a flattering little side like a jerked cop who gets his car stolen by a trio of prisoners in prison when he stops at a gas station to use the bathroom Live, lively and extremely enjoyable, "Caged Heat" is considered an absolutely essential viewing for cinema fans of the 70s with a disc player.
