The premise of this film was centered on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. It was a highly combustible scenario in America, in which two totally different cultures collided. What in any case justified such depraved actions? ... This film presents the scene (while Hickock and Smith drink) that these two men are not intoxicated and they are under the influence of no drugs !! It was an obvious case of cold and calculated deliberation. Basically, these acts of violence were the culmination of emotional and social neglect ... Since 1975, we have always maintained empathy for the deviated victims of their actions. environment ... However, this incident takes place in 1959 !! This terrible revelation has swept us and plunged the country into a conflicting ethic !! With the recent release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people have cultivated a new fascination for this film !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains of this film ... This seems appropriate given the notoriety with which he is involved in his personal life! "In Cold Blood" is focused on the unexplained element ... There was no revenge, there was no material gain to gain, there was no potential for social progress here either, it was simply an example of a latent and insidious situation. The bellicose anger that ends certainly does not justify the means! The rants of the situation that Hickock and Smith lamented were still ambiguous !! Under the circumstances, why should they then dispel their frustrations in an anonymous and innocent and unsuspecting Kansas family? .. Will Geer (grandfather Walton) interprets the prosecutor who is disgusted by this act of macabre caprice !! His argument is quite convincing ... His statement is: "These two men who show no mercy now ask for yours." This is a line of logic that would push me to make a verdict of conviction if I were to be one of the members of the jury! Absolute disregard for your precarious situation in life is no justification for orchestrating a capital crime! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such an unnerving act of violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public !! In the end, it was a harbinger of things to come. This incident was the calm before the storm concerning a relevant aspect of the emergence of the radical 1960s !! Such a deadly charade has also helped to better understand the isolated interests that would besiege many typical Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a remarkable job to authenticate this wild event with his book was a bestseller) and, with this documentary too ... The realization in this film of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well only characters like John Forsythe, was amazing !! Director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Burning Roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name a few !!) has been outstanding in his collaborative efforts in this area. movie !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of cinema !! The film depicts two reprehensible depravity geniuses who plunged into the mad theater, and ended up captivating a banal gratification for having been recognized on a national level pejorative !! .... This film highlights a psychological discontent that causes the emergence of a host of counter-culture providers of violence! The ideologies of our country are incredibly different from what they were in 1959 !! This film presents to the American people the emotional and vacillating culprits who initiated such a precarious metamorphosis into our global value system !! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point of the movie "Capote"! Think about it, making a film about a movie is a rare and coveted reward in Hollywood !! In the case of "In Cold Blood", it is an extreme example of a film by indirect clairvoyance, which raises intellectually, and, of course, it goes without saying that "In Cold Blood" was absolutely mesmerizing, but also quite remarkable. movie!!
