Easily one of the top ten films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his story, and absolutely fascinating. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake leaves with the film. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, although Dick is the leader and planner of the pair. The viewer will invariably have the impression that Dick is more unstable and immature, and will generally have the impression that Perry would not have been dragged into this nightmare if it were not for Dick and his need to be someone and to get a big score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with special attention to precision, In Cold Blood describes the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family on a cold, windy night, because Dick has become a secular myth that successful farmers have safe full of money in their homes. As a "prosecutor" (character not named in the script), played by Will Geer, astutely points out, their lives are bought for only $ 10 per head. Director Richard Brooks has judiciously chosen not to share with us the horrific details of the murders until the end of the film. Before that, we only knew it had happened and that Dick and Perry's life was going slowly as they tried to escape the apprehended by the police, but also by Perry himself feeling more and more imminent disaster. He repeated over and over again, "No one is doing that," and "I can not help but think we left something that belongs to us." Dick is not mature or moral enough to feel a convincing sense of guilt about their crime, just irritation at Perry. Indeed, after their capture, it is Dick who breaks first, and faints when he is finally confronted with irrefutable evidence that place the two men on the scene of the crime. I felt a little sorry for Perry from the beginning of the movie and more as events unfolded, but I just hated Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is the engaging way in which the story is told. play. We do not think for a moment that we watch actors portray characters, but look at the participants and events as they unfolded. The story is implacable, taunting, the duration of a little over two hours is closer to a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those who are interested in these kinds of things, I noticed "Goofs" listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood are incorrect or exaggerated. Like the "inverted" process, at the beginning of the movie, as Dick and Perry crossed the bridge to Kansas. For starters, it's not even a shot, the camera is actually placed in the back seat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car is real. A large cargo truck at the front left of Dick's Pontiac creates the illusion of optics they retreat because it travels at a higher speed, but a closer look will reveal that they are actually moving forward and that it is indeed a filmed shot. from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I have already mentioned, it is one of the ten best works of cinema of the twentieth century, it is disadvised to very young because of the language used and the implicit and inferred violence (no reality in your face a modern movie would use), but a movie quite excellent.
