The real crime story at the heart of In Cold Blood might sound a bit "tame" for those interested in the classic stories of serial killers (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just the most notorious cases of Hollywood (OJ, Manson). The essential facts of the case are not terrible: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here interpreted respectively by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) have met a little luck, have conspired to rob the farm of a man safe at home. Kansas and after killing a family of four with a rifle and a dagger went away with $ 43. In addition to their return to the United States after briefly fled to Mexico, the resolution does not have much of a mystery either. They were taken by an ironic stroke of luck (a cop followed them and arrested them for stealing a car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man pick up bottles to change), and sentenced to hang up to the neck. The story ends in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it's the treatment of history, moments of debate, performances, a pure cinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (the last / awesome) DP Conrad Hall offers a great flawless black-and-white screen and realistic storytelling style, without getting too into naturalism or melodrama (except maybe the end, which is perfect). The story of the tragedy hovers over history, not so much because of the killings themselves, as brutal as they are, as the "third" man evoked, as the narrator, by Smith and Hickcock, notes, the inevitability of history. You feel kind of like these criminals who, among other hands, would be just conventional characters or something from a B movie. They are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters either, at least throughout. <br /> <br /> It's also a great road movie, with Smith and Hickcock on the road. at the Clutter Residence (the actual crime scene taking place late in the movie), then to Mexico, then back to America to Las Vegas. We are able to imbue the personality of these two, probably even more than police detectives who initially have no track and finally get a break with an inmate. In fact, it is quite disturbing to get closer to these two characters (which is similar to the aimless quality of the Malick Mallands characters), and it is also a sign of daring for this period. There are no sermons, like "he did that because of that and this or that." We see how Smith had an abusive psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too great for the film, perhaps even too much for Capote's book (which, I must admit, I still have to read, although I plan to do so). And we see that Hickcock is this creature of self-confidence (that is, getting the costume and other things with bad checks), but without any deeply rooted explanation. <br /> <br /> The fatalism series in In Cold Blood Brooks is lucky to have his stars like Blake in his top-of-the-pop performance (this and Lost Highway, oddly enough considering his saga of the real life of recent years, his quintessence works), and Wilson's breakthrough before becoming a character actor. Although they are surrounded by excellent support work, they are themselves strangely absorbed, more or less motivated by greed and fantasies of escaping from treasures, and remain firmly anchored in their situation, both in the hallway. death at the end of the fingers. Is this the moral of the story, if there is one, that it is more horrible to face the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, good versus evil getting dirty? Smith apologized for his crime before being hanged, and he remarked, "But who?" It's a story designed to give sincere thrills to the most hardcore fans of real crime, and it's probably the best American movie of 1967.
