The criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas, keeps a large supply of money in a safe. On November 15, 1959, at two o'clock in the morning, they ended up murdering Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their After a little police investigation, the two men were found and sentenced to hang.In Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brook . Now I have not read the Truman Capote novel on which this movie is based, so I can not compare. The film does a brilliant job of telling the horrible events that really happened. Robert Blake is excellent as a Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, being accused he is free now, but we still do not know the truth. Anyway, he's still a very good actor. Scott Wilson does a remarkable job as a Hickock. John Forsythe is great as Alvin Dewey.Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen.Jeff Corey is wonderful like Mr. Hickock. Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith.John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is the daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is the son Kenyon.The work is great for all of them.There are a lot to remember this film.The beginning of the film It's great when Perry wants to go in search of gold in Mexico and says to Hickock: Do you remember Bogart in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in this film as a boy, and it's a fun time when, accompanying this boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and put them back for money. The flashback sequence, where you see the killings occurring, is extremely terrifying.When Perry is going to kill the girl, Nancy last, and she says "Oh, please, do not do it" ... The brutality of the man is impossible to explain.So the scene is pending.There is first Hickock, then Perry, first talk to the minister.In the last image of the film, we see Perry to hit the end of the rope, of course, movies and books can try to sympathize with these villains, especially the character of Perry is someone you may feel sorry for - his mother and father hate him but that he still loves, but that does not change the fact that these two men actors describe are brutal murderers, who do not feel sorry for anyone. They go to this house and murder a family, in cold blood.How could you sympathize with these people?
