As I mature, my fascination with the Oscars has evolved from intense interest to casual entertainment. As in some other comments I wrote, the strange results of the Oscar vote are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 among the five best film nominees is one of those inexplicable cases, especially when one of this year's nominations was awarded to the unfortunate and unassailable "Dr. Dolittle ". While only an insomniac or a masochist would listen to this disaster by Rex Harrison, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of Truman Capotes' non-novel novel retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him completely emptied. by the final fade. Although there is nothing particularly graphic or macabre on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Inspired by several Nebraska murders in the 1950s and filmed in the very places where they took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed in black and white by the chief cinematographer, Conrad Hall, and his compositions on the screen ask to be seen correctly. wide image format. With the troubling Quincy Jones score, Hall's work should have been credited over the title with Brook's scenario as the three pillars upon which this intense classic rests. The performances are good too. Scott Wilson is all the cold charm and intense introversion of Robert Blake as the two killers. (There's a joke at one point when Blake talks about Bogart and the "Sierra Madre Treasure" as the duo travels to Mexico.) As a star child, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in this film by John Huston.) The film, like the book, is resolutely turned towards the murderers and adopts an anti-capital punishment attitude, although the ruthlessness of the murderers somewhat contradicts this feeling despite the difficult scenes to watch. Some have criticized the film because it focuses on criminals, their antecedents and their lives, while the Clutter family, which was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, appears as a one-dimensional character of low importance . This imbalance comes from the book because Capote spent a lot of time with the two killers while they were on death row. The Clutter family apparently has not been studied at the same depth. However, no matter how much you feel for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will leave you with conflicting thoughts. Run a double bill with "Dead Man Walking", and you can not talk for days.
