In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a captivating thriller of 1967 - presents two interesting new contexts he did not have before. The first, and most shocking, is the fact that his star actor, Robert Blake, was recently tried for the murder of his wife. Second, the recently published biographical film, "Capote", which won an Oscar, traces the confusing story of Truman Capote, the author of this crime story, which haunts the truth. These two new turns make the film timely for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As an independent film of its time, "In Cold Blood" is first rate. Most notable is Conrad Hall's superb black-and-white cinematography (later known as "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Most of the pictures in this film from the Kansas farmhouse at night or tree-lined country roads could be sold as art photographs. Combined with Brooks' direction taken by crack and a superb montage in the first scenes (where we see the banal daily life of the innocent family about to be slaughtered senselessly, magnificently mixed with the plot of the two unfortunate murderers), a rich created that opens the way to an exhilarating suspense (even when everyone knows how all this will end because it is entirely based on real events). It is also nice to see how a heartbreaking murder scene can be brilliantly depicted when the graphic nature of the act is subliminally transmitted to the viewer with a drop of nary blood on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also beautifully anchored in Robert Blake's bizarre performance as the most sympathetic but insensibly brutal side of the killer duo. The flashback scenes about her horrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is the scene towards the end of the film where he speaks to the Reverend before being sent to the gallows and he makes his last "confession" so to speak. It is one of those classic cinematic moments that perfectly combines a choppy interpretation, superb writing, irreproachable direction and haunting photography. I challenge you to erase from your mind the frozen image of the reflection of the rain from the window that descends the pale face of Robert Blake instead of real tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that hinders "In the cold blood" is the moving average slowness where the killers are on the lam and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end. The clearly defined political message on the death penalty is secondary to its convincing description of the crazy killers and their prey.
