Although released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD remains the benchmark by which all real crime movies are compared. Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY), an experienced screenwriter / director, has adapted Truman Capote's fiction book to a scary docudrama that still has a disturbing power today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson describe Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-members who, following a tip from Hicock's former cellmate, Floyd Wells, broke into the house in Herbert Clutter's house in Holcomb, Kansas, looking for a $ 10,000 safe. But no safe was ever found and the two men eventually ended up killing Mr. Clutter, his wife and two children, escaping only with a radio, a pair of binoculars and forty dollars. Two months of absconding, including scoreless "vacations" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police caught them in a stolen car. But finally, after a merciless cooking by the Kansas police, these two men committed this heinous crime in Holcomb. Judged and convicted of four counts of murder, they spent five years on appeal and in disavowal until both were hanged to death on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are absolutely scary to the idea of ​​the two killers without passion who show no remorse for what they did but who fear being caught. John Forsythe also plays an important role as Senior Crime Investigation Detective Alvin Dewey, as does Gerald S. O'Laughlin as an assistant. In a tactic that is both faithful to Capote's book and a good artistic game, Brooks does not show the murders at first; Instead, he shows the two killers heading towards the Clutter home when the last light goes out, then heads to the next morning and the hideous discovery of the bodies. Only on the way back to Kansas, when Blors is interviewed by Forsythe and tells the story, do we see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see so much blood flowing in these scenes, but we do not need it. The gunshots and horrified look on the faces of the Cluters knowing they are about to die are more than worrying, so there is no need to resort to violence from explicitly bloody slasher movies. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed IN COLD BLOOD in black and white, the result is excellent thanks to the know-how of Conrad Hall. The scary jazz score of Quincy Jones is the barber. The end result is one of the most disturbing films ever made, devastating in its unobtrusive way. This is a 134-minute study of a crime that shook a whole state, or even a whole country, and should be seen, even if the discretion of the viewers is advised; the grade "R" is there for a reason.
