For those who have a moderate sensitivity, a moderate feeling of the human and human condition, for those who are able to be above the Hollywood ascent, for those who are satisfied to see a cinema that does not have a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes blowing brains. out of anyone or see who goes with whom, for anyone with an intellectual level reaching an ability to grasp, empathize with, understand, laugh WITH, cry WITH natural tender, warming to compassionate hilarious heart HUMAN BEINGS, The Eighth Day is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael did not realize simply a masterpiece, it would have been too simplistic; he made one of those rare monumental works of art in the film world that defies any form of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No, it's the story of Georges, a wonderful funny, pitiful, ludicrous and amorous personality, suffering from Downes syndrome. It's a story that makes you laugh through your tears, but it's not one of those classic teardrops; this film travels a world where you mix your feelings of compassion, pity or even shame with those of admiration, warmth and even love. Harry, a successful seller of the banking sector, falls on Georges: they were both in opposite directions with ideas, problems and priorities absolutely opposed; Cleverly, van Dormael melts these two improbable men into a warm friendship, but which is more than the good friendship of those who drink a beer on the road. It is a relationship that evolves towards a deep need of the two for the other. The cuasi-surrealist scenes fit in perfectly: Georges recalls (or invents) the past scenes of his life by dreaming or sleeping; even the almost spooky final scene is totally correct. The only scene that could be considered a little misplaced is when they steal a bus and drive it out of the showrooms. However, that does not take anything away. This film is a monument. Even if your French is insufficient, support it with subtitles. The Eighth Day is worth it. As for anything else, then read the following comments ?? I accompany them all. This film is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you've seen "Rain Man", which I consider an excellent film, you must see this one: it's far superior because it does not have the superficial veneer of world-famous Hollywood-produced actors; he has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? TEN oscars for these two and three others for Jaco van Dormael. We do not care????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb classification does not degrade under pressure. <br /> <br /> Beautiful! Hat!
