This film has the size and grandeur of many of the great biblical epics of the 50s and 60s. But it is perhaps also the first that truly humanizes the biblical characters themselves. The best thing about this is that it does not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer. It's a unique and compelling balance that helps us realize that even exceptional personalities like David are imperfect people who find their faith and greatness in the face of their flaws. <br /> <br /> The actors are all first-rate in the film Gilbert Barnett, the second son of David, Absolom, to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at its best in this movie. His honest but larger-than-life style of play is quite comfortable here. She is always the seducer, but she plays the role so that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the Prophet. As a child, when I first saw the film, Massey seemed to have truly conversed with the Lord himself and was really impressive. Undoubtedly, also helped by the superb music composed by the always astonishing Alfred Newman, who also had great successes in other biblical epics like "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" with perhaps also 100 other movies! Leon Shamroy's film photography is well done and adds to the size but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underrated director who, like William Wyler, has never really ranked in a genre, realizes a larger-than-life production that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep struggle with his faith. in God. The path taken in this film could have been very hokey, but King keeps it real and interesting all the time. Moreover, we never lose the sense of mystery about trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with the same thing. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (to paraphrase) that no one can understand the will of God. It is the journey that we undertake to the powerful denouement where David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck, adorable King David. One can believe that his David is a man capable of ruthlessly governing a country, but he has already been a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I do not see this movie on TV anymore, but when I live it, I never miss it. I think it's still very good today.
