David and Bath-Sheba do not miss a bad dialogue? "I was a hand with a slingshot", "The king of all Israel in darkness exposing himself to the enemy" (Warm thanks to Dennis Hooey for delivering this one with an impassive face), "Come on sit down with the concubines. "And anyway, I doubt that a bored David ever told the prophet Nathan" Whatever you say. " He even tried the old routine "My kingdom does not understand me" about the desperate Bathsheba housewife at one point. So it's probably a tribute to the direction of Henry King that the film is not bad at all despite the pitfalls provided by most first-thirds. Maybe this is the nature of the censorship-censorship plot ?? a married man kills the husband of a femme fatale and gets away! ?? but King brings out the growing moral and theological complexities of Phillip Dunne's script rather than picking up on sin and hokum sandals. It is the David in conflict on the downward slope, abandoned by a vengeful God he no longer understands, and the film does not retreat from the difficult and unfathomable questions about why a loving deity would choose to take revenge for the innocent rather than guilty. . He even offers a truly surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, where the failings of husbands lead to the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who marginalized the king in favor of the more interesting Saul lawyer, David is firmly at the center of the drama and despite an interesting demonstration of shoulder contractions and a frankly gormal close-up when visiting the site of Saul and Jonathan's death, Gregory Peck's performance grows as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is a truly theatrical prophet (why be a naturalist when you have a voice that makes the heavens tremble?) And Uriah of Kieron Moore, an uncompromising unconquered chauvinist that you can not blame exactly David The film did not allow David to get out of the moral state a prison card without a prison after his death. With its surprisingly powerful but unobtrusive design and Technicolor photographs, it is far superior to most biblical epics of the 40s and 50s. <br /> <br /> The new Fox DVD is a good way to transfer, including included a "candid" incredibly hokey. short circuit and a trailer with brief shots removed from the movie's only battle scene
