This film is renowned for several qualities: a scripted scenario, for once in a film in part religious, Philip Dunne, very good performance, a first-rate production in all departments and his intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If a film were made, such talents as Leon Shamroy as director of photography, Lyle Wheeler as artistic director and Alfred Newman as an original music composer would guarantee a quality production. Add actors from this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward in the lead, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, plus a dance by Gwen Verdon. One could hope that the resulting film turned into something special. But in a biblical scenario, usually a subgenus subject to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything would ultimately depend on the author's skills. Philip Dunne here has provided humans with a rare achievement in biblical movies. David is a man in this film, multiple, not someone who does mythical acts on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-assured, devalued and attractive. As Bathsheba, Hayward is not the perfect choice, but she conveys a good dose of dizziness and emotional normality of common sense that helps to understand why the King of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the cast is strong and able in turn. The familiar scenario provides them with little work, but author Dunne and the actors do everything in their power with human situations. David's youth is told in flashback; how he was chosen by a prophet of Yahweh to be king of Israel, and wins his way to be King Saul's second, defeating Goliath the Phistine in battle, while all others are afraid to wear the giant warrior. Subsequently, he is eventually driven out of the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior and returns to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of the king, a former friend. His wars are successful - the movie actually starts with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty because his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and she is cold with him. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the palace bathing naked; later, she admits that she had hoped he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asks David to put him in the forefront of the battle, even after being excited by the Verdon dance. David agrees. He is killed, a war hero. but that does not solve the question of infidelity. The drought arrives in Israel and the phenomenon is imputed to the infidelity of the king. Finally, David lays his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, which caused the deaths of others who accidentally came into contact with him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens. ... David leaves the temple and finds that the rain has fallen on his arid country. This film is always interesting, varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author use the principle of observer and frankly succeed more in humanizing the characters than in almost all films outside the Grecianized-Near East canon, where the feat is a little easier, because no miraculous theme or religious is placed at the center of such adventures. . Recognized for his commendable achievements, his fine performances and his intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort deserves repeated studies.
