Not being a fan of first-person shooter games, I was very hesitant to play this game. After playing the demo, I was sold. "Undying" really manages to pull you into the game and become part of the universe your character is in. You have this green amulet, called "Stone Gel'ziabar" which has special powers and warns you of particular events Watch. With a special "grimace" spell, you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking down a corridor, you suddenly hear the magical murmur of stone: "Look," with the shining stone, for example on a board. And then, using the grin spell, you can see strange and scary things on the board. Let me tell you to witness something like that is scary like hell. People who expect to complete this game in a few hours can forget about this, even using tricks. This game is based on the character who uses his mind and walks with caution. Because, as in any horror movie, your environment is usually pretty dark. And ghosts and monsters appear randomly when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is this scene where you want to enter a room where you are pushed back with such force that you need moments to understand what happened. It was a scene that could have come straight out of the classic horror movie "Evil Dead"! To experience something like this is a real accomplishment. There are many elements that bring "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror movies ever produced. But unfortunately, I must point out that there are flaws. On the one hand, the universe in which you play is huge. You start in a grand mansion with all kinds of secret and hidden rooms and even a hidden hell dimension called "Oneiros". Everything is fine at first. But with all the loading times and some tough enemies in between, it can get frustrating. And there is no map. The game asks you to memorize your environment. So, patience is necessary. There are also puzzles that you have to do otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms during third person adventures. But in first person mode, this can be a tedious task. Fortunately, you can save anytime and anywhere. And believe me, you'll need it. Overall, "Undying" is an extraordinary first-person shooter that deserves to be played by any horror or gaming fan.
