My scalp always emanates embers that have accumulated when I am dedicated to love this film. Bring the embers; I'm going to walk on it to say once again that I like "curve it like Beckham". Admittedly, there are many "despite" in these confessions. It's a little film of the week; the scenario is on the side of painting by numbers. And, what is most troubling, the commentary of the director implies that, in this film, the beauty is mainly among the white of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not what is obvious for the eye treated by Syd Field: the arches of character, themes, construction. It is both the surface and what lies beneath it, but not in those layers of topsoil that critics most often seem to scratch. Powerful female bodies, sometimes half-dressed, not only exposed, but also defeating a soccer ball do a better job of naturalizing female strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will ever do. They are real bodies (with the exception of Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look great in the first place and to kick later. They are bodies of work whose beauty lies in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, the lead actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most magnificent creatures ever photographed on screen ?? not only because she can claim this banal, "luminous" adjective, but also because her performance is marked by an honesty and an intelligence without a book that is absolutely convincing. <br /> <br /> The result is a film that women can enjoy without feeling like they are making a pact with the devil to do it. As in Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice," relationships between women are teeming with chemistry that can not be perfectly integrated into Sweet Valley High's heavy and sweet categories of "best friends" or "sisters." Chadha may be right in his comment to disavow the film's flirtation with lesbianism. "Bend it Like Beckham" has an electricity that can not be reduced to the simple heterosexual / homosexual love triangle that her script would suggest conventionally structured. The precise nature of his pleasure is, finally, a little mystery ?? and is all the more attractive. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, and did I already say it was hilarious?
