The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people wanted to leave a comment and that nobody thought it useful to leave a comment on the bulletin boards. <br /> <br /> Done the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar winner ... it's the movie that people REALLY should have seen and awarded. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in any gay movie I've seen ... and that's absolutely true. <br /> <br /> For this to be possible print I need to leave some extra lines of text: just say that whoever REALLY wants to know what it was like to be gay in the 60s and 70 and understand what AIDS looked like before the modern drug "cocktails" Allow people to breathe a little easier ... this is the movie to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'm going to add a personal comment on AIDS. Nevertheless, there was a ray of hope in all the horror. When AIDS first appeared, it was called "homosexual cancer" and governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spend a penny on research to help save a bunch of fags. It then became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not ready for that. Thus, when heterosexuals also began to get sick, the only organizations and associations available to them were those created by homosexuals (examples: The Names Project: the commemorative quilt of all those who died of AIDS, Act Up The result is that people who would probably never have been in contact with homosexuals in their ordinary lives suddenly found themselves relying on them and needing them because no other organization existed. This close contact, in my opinion, is what ultimately broke down the barriers of prejudice and allowed the hetero world to finally accept gay men as equals. When AIDS first appeared, many of us thought the legal world would use it as a way to attack us even harder ... and that would probably have been true if straight lines did not suddenly get sick. ; nonetheless, the progress made in the release of homosexuals - to the point that, as I write this, there are at least 5 countries in the world that accept same-sex marriage - this progress would probably have taken much longer without AIDS to bring us together. It is sad to think that all these people - heterosexual and gay - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I write here is true, and I think it is the case - there is then a little comfort to be taken to realize that all these people did not die in vain.
