This film must be seen in the right frame of mind. First, the central father-son relationship shows quite clearly that the film was conceived as a pre-sequence of his film Wong Fei Hung "Drunken Master" (the ideas of this film are included in "Drunken Master II") and not " Young Master "; the fact that Chan moved away from this shot and renamed the characters indicates that he was not himself convinced that the material was well assembled and that the film actually gives the impression of being incomplete, for example the relationship love around which turns half of the plot "Young Master", of the same time, also seems to be under-exploited, but at least all his sons are knotted in the end. This film gives the impression that Chan struggled with the plot and characters trying to find his central theme, only to give up the effort, probably due to time and budget constraints. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the movie is just too ambitious. This is a decisive film in Chan's career, because he is committed to developing me The central character is above all other concerns - that's why there is such a lack of kung- fu in the whole movie. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that contains kung fu. But the historical element and the romantic element are nothing but intrigues. <br /> <br /> That leaves us with comedy. Since Chan's preoccupation concerns character development, the comedy is largely character-driven - as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend, a quarrel over a girl. But there is a lot of slapstick too. Frankly, I find the comedy quite amusing to forgive the incomplete nature of the plot. <br /> <br /> This film represents an effort on the part of Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It does not work entirely, and Chan would find this formula only after abandoning the historical elements of his previous films, with the realization of the contemporary action comedy "Police Story". But going back to watch this film is always very instructive about how Chan has made his way through the historical genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
