Although Louis B. Mayer apparently did not want to sign a contract with young Greta Garbo, this first American film and MGM for the actress was rather beautiful. It is obvious that the film has been endowed with an extraordinary talent for filming production and making matt paintings, as it has all the polishing and clever art that you can expect from the best images the studio can produce. It's just beautiful, even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, she, like her other first American movies, looks different. Although recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would become a year later, giving it a less severe appearance and softness that you have not seen in the following movies. I wish they had kept this look, but given the celebrity with which it had taken the appearance of the brand, who am I saying that they should not have chosen this path? ! The film talks about Garbo and how she and her family were unfairly forced to leave their land by the owner. While the owner, the highly esteemed Doña Bernarda, claims that this is because the bank demanded payment, it's because her son fell in love with Garbo - and what better way to get rid of them than force out of the street! Nice lady, huh ?! The years go by and Garbo has become a new singing sensation that is famous around the world. When she returns to her hometown a few years later, her former boyfriend (who had promised to marry her but deflates when her mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow him) sees her. Her new love for another lady is now put to the test. Will he be happy to marry this lady heiress of a huge fortune in pigs or will he want to find his old flame? And, more importantly, will Garbo even take it back after behaving so unthinkingly? Meanwhile, a huge storm of rain hits. The earth begins to flood and the houses are soon washed away. Cortez and a friend go wild when the dam breaks! In a scene where they obviously stacked his rowboat at the waterfall, he finally goes to the house where Garbo lives. She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes. Then he admits he still loves him and braved the storm to make sure she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Then you will see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, the King of Pork's daughter. He obviously has little enthusiasm for that - and you feel sorry for the lady because she did nothing wrong. Soon, Cortez is seen returning home - he is sick of love and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is bright enough and can not tell him to leave, as they dissolve into each other's arms. Once again, he tells her his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns this, she is not happy. Obviously, a pork queen is a better catch than an internationally renowned singer. Due to the interference of this nasty old lady, Garbo leaves, not wanting to intervene between the mother and her weak son. But Cortez comes running - announcing that he MUST have it and he will not rest until he is married. Moments after this proclamation, a friend of the family speaks to Cortez and convinces him to abandon him for the sake of his career and reputation. Too bad for "do not rest until he has it for a woman", huh ?! Despite the fact that Cortez is a total wimp, for some reason she can not bring herself to hate him. And so, he marries the queen of pork and leads a very boring life. When years later, Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a dull middle-aged man, while she is as beautiful as ever. And, unsurprisingly, she tells him, once again, to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this film was shot, Garbo was not a star in the United States, but Cortez was. It is therefore surprising that they gave Cortez such an inimitable character to play. Instead of the usual trusting role of the Valentino they had entrusted to him, here he is a wimp indecisive - a huge Wimp. And, from there, his career has had a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped her become a big star - because she was THE center of the film and played a character very similar to her later characters. <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new music composed because it was very pleasant, although a little repetitive. The copy, strangely, was almost perfect, with the exception of the intertitle cards - which might require a restoration. <br /> <br /> A most enjoyable movie - expertly constructed, full of nostalgia and worth seeing. And, for one of the few times I think about it, I have no complaints to make in this excellent film.
