The bored and unhappy girl, Zandalee (an enticing and vibrant performance performed by a luscious brunette, Erika Anderson), feels trapped in a muffled, loveless marriage with the dull poet and the dull businessman, Thierry Martin ( a solid and credible representation of Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has a hot adultery adventure with sordid and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (deliciously played by Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything collapse and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser expand on the histrionic ridicule like an opera-opera as they attempt to tell a serious and insightful story about desire and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot skips gloriously in the last third, risibly histrionic. The dialogue is also hilarious ridiculous and vulgar (example: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). Better still, this movie certainly provides a lot of tasty female nudity (the beautiful Anderson statuette seems to be smoking hot in the buff) and semi-pornographic soft sex scenes sizzling (Johnny and Zandalee doing the dirty trick in a denominational kiosk). hot climax church). The tart''tang setting of New Orleans adds spice to the already very hot procedure. With his long fluffy black hair, his fat mustache, dirty mouth and rough manners, Johnny de Cage is a real hoot, because the most romantic of the most unpleasant is the one that most often leads to celluloid. The actors deserve conspiracies to act with admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all do a respectable job, with the support of Joe Pantoliano as Zandalee Gerri's flamboyant homosexual friend, Viveca Lindfors in the role of perceptual midwife Tatta Aaron Neville the friendly barman Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny and cheeky thief. The sharp and brilliant cinematography of Walt Lloyd gives the photo a bright and attractive appearance. The tasty and harmonic score of Pray for Rain is also striking. A riot delightfully camper and sinister.
