I saw 'New York: I love you' today and I loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing this after watching 'Paris I love you' and, overall, I like it a lot better ... Maybe I should look again at 'Paris I love you', I do not do not know .. I read some reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without flaws. When you pay homage to a city like New York, it can become quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to do justice to justice ... so, not to mention the weaknesses of the film, I will just write what I love. <br /> <br /> Unlike 'Paris I love you' in which each director's short film was properly segmented and titled, NY: ILY is not and many critics have discovered the continuity of stories and overlapping stories. characters here boring and even confusing. I thought otherwise. I loved the way the stories were chained and I particularly liked the overlapping characters - it can be fancy because it's often done in movies. But I still loved him because I did not find him forced. And the idea that we are all connected at the end has a nostalgic, even fanciful quality - that some might find nerdy but that I find beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies except the one that touched Me most was that of Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well played and written that the unveiling at the end - again unused in the past - made me cry and I cried throughout the segment that followed. I have always loved Wright Penn and now I am also a fan of Chris Cooper. Those precious first seconds when he's alone in front of the restaurant just before he receives the call - say a lot about Cooper's ability to convey a character by being there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this film involve characters who meet for the first time or have met recently, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I'm mistaken perhaps) that the stories were different, but they were all trying to convey the need, if not the need, to simply step back and see in a new light the people and things that we have known. in our lives for a long time; to see people and everything around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them as you did when you first met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other films I loved are: Shunji Iwai's Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman's Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner's Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby , from Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again from Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are at the café. I really need to see more work from Yvan Attal because it seems like I like it a lot! <br /> <br /> Overall, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read the comments before watching it! This might not match your expectations of what a movie should be about and love in New York and I doubt that a movie can truly live up to this design. Just watch this movie to discover good music, a beautiful landscape film, a little comfort and a story or two that could move you.
