New York, I Love You is finally on our shores, but his 10 new love stories did not find enough reason to appear on Valentine's Day, probably because the festival this year also marks the New Year Lunar Year, and With this, come the usual blockbuster movies of LNY, like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film during this period with success resounding. So, why repair a formula that has not been dismantled? <br /> <br /> Continuing in the same concept as Paris, Je T'aime had begun to give birth to the franchise City of Love (Shanghai will be the next step, the end credits are said here), the buzz here certainly relates to the intertwined stories that take place in one of the cities of the world, allowing filmmakers around the world to interpret various stories in order to propose stories based on love as a theme, although someone has probably forgot to do it. Tell Scarlett Johansson some of the most precise points of the sandbox rules, and her short film was unceremoniously dropped from the theatrical edition for being unable to adapt to everything else (well , it was shot in black and white), but here is the hope that he will meet at least on the DVD. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less compartmentalized than its predecessor, which, if I remember correctly, had individual stories placed within its own limits and never really coming out of its artificial character. created boundaries. Here, a little more room for maneuver is given, where characters from different stories interact in short segments of fills used to connect scenes together, and not relying solely on shots of buildings and landscapes, in the hope of giving a more happy aspect to the idea of ​​chance encounters between foreigners, although a story has cleverly adopted for his own story to create a surprise, even if it had already been seen in Paris . <br /> <br /> One of the best draws to attend a film like this, are undoubtedly the creative forces behind the stories, writers, directors and directors of photography from various regions and origins, reflecting the composition of the cosmopolitan city, brought together for a conceptual film. And what's more than the cast of stars, with big names among the lesser known who raise the stakes, perfect performances, whether for the entire length of the short film or as a support on which to rely. You can not deny the first look in the recognition of notables, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and direction tasks), Rachel Bilson (who looks a lot like Bardot) to the blue-eyed boy of Spielberg, Shia LaBeouf, who can act, and shows more in his few minutes here than in all his filmography to date. <br /> <br /> Regarding history, as in any anthology, you will find some who will automatically please you, and 't. Some are simple in nature, while others have to invent whimsical twists that have happily worked. But those 10 plus 1 stories (because Randall Balsmeyer had the responsibility of integrating everything for a more organic feel instead of just taking pictures of lesser-known areas and established landmarks) was kind of lacking in spirit. " everything is allowed "from his predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality, compared to some fantastic elements of the previous film (the complicity of Elijah Wood with a vampire, do you like it?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (that of Christopher Doyle, and Natalie Portman with Tom Tykwer). Here, it seems that filmmakers have opted for the vault, none venturing into this spirit of adventure and experience. <br /> <br /> Apart from the little worries, I've always enjoyed almost every short film here, unlike many others have done. felt about it. The format of the short film is still very much alive and it is good to put them together in a feature film under the City of Love banner, which leaves me wondering what other cities are or have been included in its programming. I hope the franchise will spread and expand its influence here. We surely have enough prolific filmmakers to chain a movie "I love you" in Singapore. So let's cross my fingers to say that something may come true later. Otherwise, there is still the Sawasdee Bangkok road to do without any attachment to the rules of the franchise house.
