I grew up with this classic western series and, as a child, I always considered it a pleasure to be able to stay awake late Sunday night. Bonanza is still very visible in the tours. <br /> <br /> The series traces the adventures of the Cartwright family, who lived on a ranch near Virginia City, Nevada, during the American Civil War era. Their ranch (called the Ponderosa) is headed and defended by widowed father, Ben, and his three unmarried sons, Adam, Hoss, and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all of whom died years ago. Cartwrights are a hardworking, prosperous and honorable family, highly respected in these regions. The Ponderosa is large and so it takes a lot of riding to reach its ends. In addition, trips are often required to buy or sell livestock, etc. Needless to say, few of these excursions go without incident. Although hospitable, the Cartwrights must devote much of their energy to defending their ranch against intruders or protecting those who live in the city, jealous of their prosperity and reputation. The Cartwrights shoot a lot of shots in the air, for example, but only shoot to kill when it is deemed absolutely necessary. They are involved in various affairs of the city, and even in the political life of the Nevada territory. <br /> <br /> One of the main strengths of the series is the underlying heat that is still present (despite occasional disagreements) between Ben and his three sons and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers . Now, one brother can beat another from time to time, but usually has a good reason to do it at that time and his anger never lasts long! The characters are all very well drawn. Ben is described as a noble man, successful and of great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and sweetest of brothers, left in the middle of the series. The second brother, Hoss, is a nice giant of teddy bears, who has an insatiable appetite for food and who is a bit shy with the ladies. The youngest, Little Joe, is a charming charmer who, on the contrary, has a hell of a way with women. This trio of brothers enjoys several romances but their love interests are usually eliminated at the end of the episode. Otherwise, the marriage is impossible, whatever the reason. <br /> <br /> The actors all play a leading role, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and, of course, Lorne Greene as the patriarch of the family, Ben. I also like the ranch cook, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. <br /> <br /> This is a beautiful western full of activities and full of values. The Cartwrights are still the noble heroes and most of the bad guys. If only there were more programs like this vintage western on TV these days!
