"Cinderella" is one of Disney's most loved classics. And he really deserves his status. Based on the classic fairy tale told by Charles Perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a wise girl abused by her evil mother-in-law and half-sister who is just as incredible. When a royal ball is organized and all eligible young women are invited (read: the king wants the prince married), Cinderella is left at home while her stepmother takes her daughters with her. But there is a fairy godmother on hand ... <br /> <br /> The story of "Cinderella" would not be enough, itself, to hide a feature film, so that by staying generally faithful The pretty animal characters that the fairy godmother uses to help the main character become the ball become the real acolytes of Cinderella. The Jaq and Gus mice are the main companions, and their own enemy is the cat of the mother-in-law, Lucifer. Their antics typically intermingle with the main fairy tale plot and are for the most part wonderful. Certainly, the film slows a little between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the departure of the half-sisters for the ball, but after this slowdown, the film leaves really and surprisingly (since "Cinderella" is the story the more worn out of all time, probably) ends up as one of Disney's most engaging stories. <br /> <br /> The animation and artistic direction are charming. All the legendary Nine Old Men animated on this photo, as well as the style and artistic concepts of Mary Blair (she also worked on concepts and color for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "The Three Caballeros "and many others) manage to sneak on the screen. The colors and patterns are lovely, especially in the fairy, godmother and ball scenes, as well as in those pretty little moments here and there. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Cinderella" is among the best Disney fairy tales - fairy tales and just recommended for young people and everything that embodies the Disney philosophy that dreams can really come true.
