Walt Disney and her 9 elders inspired the classic Cinderella fairy tale of 1950, which, I suppose, could help form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from Disney's classic years. <br /> <br /> THE FIELD: Cinderella is a nice girl who can not take a break. She is the daughter of a rich and wealthy widower who loved her a lot, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure. He ends up marrying the woman who will become Lady Tremaine. she is a widow with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to get along, but then Cinderella's father died and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, insensitive, heartless and heartless woman, and she passed on these traits to his daughters, who were spoiled, fat, and just as nasty spirited. Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know deep down that she is prettier and more attractive than themselves (that is, more attractive to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine began to squander the wealth of the family in a stubborn but useless quest to improve / refine her clumsy and unattractive girls (calling them "simple" would be an insult to simple people all over the world) while the three relegated Cinderella the multi-tasking servant of the house, mistreating and humiliating her on every occasion (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). This brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she has become a beautiful lady who manages to remain kind and kind despite her abusive family and who keeps hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella speaking in favor of freedom and happiness when organizing a royal ball to introduce the local prince to an eligible girl so that he can take her for a wife, settle down , found a family, etc. Naturally, her beautiful family tries to prevent her from attending, even physically assaulting her and tearing the dress she had procured (with a little help from her mouse friends - the dress belonged to his biological mother). . Finally pushing past her breaking point, Cinderella rushes into the yard and cries in despair. That's when her Fairy Godmother, a short, playful, round woman, arrives and gives Cinderella a means of transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression at the ball if she entered scene as if she had just been raped by a gang). Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls for her, but this embarrassing midnight rule prevents her from running away, but leaves behind a glass slipper. Make a long story - after a long and painful quest to find the mysterious girl trying the glass slipper, Cinderella is found and the prince and she get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a nice classic Disney. Not without his faults, the most striking of which is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin to help advance the plot - he has very little time in front of the screen and even less dialogue, so we never know him very well nor do we look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the documentary, the Prince was supposed to play a larger role in the beginning), and some more scenes for helping to make Cinderella fit could have been helpful (there was a song that showed she was dreaming of turning into an army of maids to clean the house and spying on her in-laws after the in-laws' ball to show him his amusement in the face of their jealousy, which had been cut off because Walt had made her mean). Still, Cinderella herself is a pretty friendly hero, even if her mousetrap friends have hidden the show, and the sweetness of the movie is getting harder and harder to find nowadays. Of course, if it happened now, Cinderella would probably have a harder time fighting her family during the garment-cutting scene and would probably break free from the climax (either by shooting the lock herself or by jumping at the same time impractical and exciting. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say that Cinderella sets a bad example for girls, well, think about it: at least Cinderella did not drink and drunk publicly and indecently exposed, unlike some modern "princesses" (you know who I'm talking about).
