People blame the animated Disney characters of the 1950s for being too bright, in landscapes far too virgins. This criticism is right. And yet, that can not be the whole story, because the two less brilliant - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, located in a world where dirt sparkles, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The funds are subtle and coherent; the colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies a bit. I'll swear that some humans are rotoscopic - but then rotoscopic humans (including Cinderella herself) are not full characters in the scenario. This approach works so well. It's really the animals that make the film. I think the studio had never used animals in this way before, in the form of totems rather than buddies. Mice, for example, are the creatures that draw us into history; but they are really representatives or allies of Cinderella, more colorless. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch familiar to Wicked's mother-in-law. (The cat is brilliantly designed and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time.) The supervising animator was Ward Kimball and he modeled it on his own cat, and I wonder how he supported the animal. approach allows animals to steal the show without drawing our attention to the main story. Their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story. <br /> <br /> The king and the grand duke are among the main actors. The king is a single-note character - he wants grandchildren and does not seem to have any other desires - but the note is struck in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a maniac who deserves to leave his sphere as much as Cinderella. (Although he is, of course, richer.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" marks Disney's return to feature films after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent film would regain the raw radiance of his early years. In addition, he made the task difficult by choosing "Cinderella". She is a passive heroine and there is not much to do for that. (Maybe I'm wrong about that: I have not seen the recent "Ever After".) It's nonetheless remarkable to see how well Disney has brought this unpromising story to life. to tarnish his spirit.
