Legendary film producer Walt Disney has screened three of the world's greatest fairy tales. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his revolutionary classic, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", released in 1937. The last one was the then-popular "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959. Between these two was perhaps the The most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). "Cinderella" is one of the three films most faithful to its origins. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which for better or for worse became for many the definitive version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a success and as "Snow White" had the responsibility to restore Disney's declining fortunes, he never got the public recognition he certainly deserved. For once, Disney was proud, choosing not to alter a classic, but to elaborate and add substance to the tale rather than rewrite it for the screen. The result was enchanting. <br /> <br /> A combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft technicolor) and perfect voice skills has brought the story to life with a radiance that continues to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio performer, recorded recordings of songs as a favor to the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And indeed he had it. Woods' sincere interpretations of "A dream is a wish of your heart", "So this is a love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who later went on to talk about Maleficent in "The Sleeping Beauty," masterfully captured her mother-in-law's cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincing half-sisters. Luis Van Rooten played admirably both as king and grand duke. James Macdonald was endearing like Jaq and Gus, the devoted mice of Cinderella. William Phipps has little dialogue as a prince (the presenter of the future TV show Mike Douglas provided his singing voice) but veteran of the movie (and Disney), Verna Felton, was born to play the godmother of the fairies , and she realized the best number (the "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the film's "look" was Mary Blair, whose use inspired by color was greatly admired by Disney. Its elegant French period backgrounds add immensely to the quality of the film. But most important of all 'are the credible characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the deliciously perverse cat of the mother-in-law. They bring both life and dynamism to the story often told, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the 55 years of the film (and, it is not by chance, the next holiday season) "Cinderella" has just released in special edition DVD. It just has never been so beautiful. The fully restored movie must be seen to be appreciated - just say it, it's beautiful. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added and serves the music well. The DVD supplements, which are now part of the Disney Platinum editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are for children, others for adults, and others are somewhere in between two. But the real fans will want to get the luxury gift box, because with a cell of the film and eight sketches of characters, it includes a hardcover book 160 pages, which incorporates not only most of the documents contained in the book, Sortie de the family video special edition 1995, but much more. As usual at Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if like me, you are a lover of "Cinderella", get it now! This edition is truly a "dream come true".
