And here is yet another piece of evidence to claim that we should all venerate the Italian giallo and recognize it as the most unique subgenus in horror. Emilio Miraglia's "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a hypnotizing film that features original plotlines, elegant production values, enchanting music, great acting skills and incredibly inventive murder sequences. It is a fabulous giallo (released in the 1972 gold year) which is among the top five of all fans of Italian cinema. The scenario not only introduces your black and sexually frustrated black glove, but mixes good old-fashioned revenge with the macabre myth of the murderous "Red Queen". When they were young, their grandfather, Kitty and Evelyn, continued to argue about a mysterious lady who, on April 6, kills seven people whose sister is the last inevitable victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a major modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when, suddenly, the killing began. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she moved to the United States recently ... Or did she? Every two minutes, intricate and captivating red herrings are thrown at you and the character of the red queen is certainly the most fascinating killer in the history of giallo. Her face can never be seen, but she wears a blood-red cape and produces the most dreadful laugh every time she makes a new victim. It is not quite sweet either, because its victims are stabbed with a dagger, trailed behind cars and even impaled on fences! The latter is really one of the biggest (= most horrible) acts of violence I have ever seen! What more could you ask for? A bit of classy nudity and good taste, perhaps? The magnificent actresses have more than covered, including Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous director of giallo, he has done just this one and the equally recommended "The night, Evelyn came out of the grave", but its influence and importance should NOT be forgotten .
