I watch movies like "Tiempo de valientes" and I want to talk about cinema for hours. The admiration that this film causes me goes beyond my own limits of explanation, because I look at the scenes of the film and I look in my mind for filming ideas and dialogue innovations that could emerge from something bigger than the spirit of Damian Szifron. Looking at the environment, uncompromising, so simple, I think; This man is a genius. No wonder he created what is probably the best TV show ever seen in Argentina, and then a feature-packed debut that some contemporary filmmakers have yet to make. "El Fondo del Mar" is his name and he woke up (a few years ago) my enthusiasm for our daily cinema. <br /> <br /> Starting from his career in the daily life of people, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero never could in "El Bonaerense"; the life of the federal police. Trapero's film was a journey in the mind and the experiences of a man, not in the places he saw. Yes, there was detailed training and a lot of criminal situations, but Szifron in "inside" is more of a crime novel, like the ones we know and love, with mysteries and thrilling music. <br /> But his writing is very human and he shows us his investigation through the eyes of his main characters, Alfredo Díaz and Mariano Silverstein. There are many great actors in the film, but these two actors are the ones whose film can not do without. The first character (Luis Luque) is a detective who has just discovered that his wife is cheating on him; and must work on a case. <br /> <br /> The second is a psychiatrist who is entrusted with the treatment of the detective. He wants to deal with him regularly, but the sheriff takes the time and suggests to join Díaz in his routines: "It's nothing, which is usual, no problem". But he is bigger than that and he will reveal some of the personality of the doctor he did not know. <br /> <br /> The relationship developed between the two tracks can only be explained if it is observed, considers such a complexity that demonstrates the talent of some men like Szifron who try, today, to leave a signature in our history. Reaching points of incredible spontaneity, during a high-pressure situation, Díaz told Silverstein, "How do we continue our treatment?", And Silverstein replies, "No, I'm not your doctor." You call me for dinner, I'm your friend ": we laugh because we can not help it. <br /> <br /> And we can not help laughing when Díaz plants a car in the street and does not give it any importance, or when it intrigues all the red lights in the street, or when he smokes pot in his police patrol and Silverstein can not believe it (but he also smokes it because he's screwed up); or when Silverstein tries to be friends with the thieving friends of Díaz. The magic of Diego Peretti is what we receive there. He himself a psychiatrist, he gives a representation in the plan "Locas de amor", but impresses with all its scope. Luis Luque, meanwhile, is back on track with a high-level representation that reminds us of the great actor he is. <br /> <br /> I am passionate about this and, as I said, I could write for hours, but unfortunately that is not how it works and I have to be precise and summarize. Although I have to watch a lot of old movies and study them, I could assure that "Tiempo de valientes" was the comedy expected by Argentina and had never had so far.
