while Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler's crime novels have emerged as a fox in a henhouse - thus creating the truly modern American genre and style - that of what might be called the fiction of the age of gold have hardly made any impression whatsoever. The problem with books like those of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based) is that they lack action or variety - whereas Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe crisscross the streets of Los Angeles. , the working class, the bars, the offices, the rich mansions and encounter all sorts of dangers and exciting violence, the fiction of the Golden Age is usually fixed on the crime scene, usually a sumptuous country house, and the action is limited to a clues survey and interview suspects. It is a very static procedure, a plot reduced to an enigma. <br /> <br /> It is, of course, just as ideological as anything else, the stories of the golden age that deal with a society hostile to change and movement; hard novels that record an urban reality moving further and further away from the center (of authority and city) to divide into hostile camps, always uncontrollable and lawless. Character is another major problem of the golden age fiction: as we can not know the answer to the crime until the end, we can not access the motivations or emotions of the characters, defined only by their potential need for murder. The detective, unlike the worried private looks and prejudices, is just there to be brilliant, and maybe a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most of the Golden Age book movies is that they try to be from the recess period of the school Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen and end up having the look ridiculous. There have been some successes, such as the radical reworkings of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there are really only two. Alistair Sim's classic, "Green For Danger", works because it drives the form almost into parody, without ever betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> The brilliant murder of Michael Curtiz, The Kennel Murder Cas'. The story is pure golden age. A disgusting character is introduced that gives a number of potential suspects the reason to kill him. He is duly murdered in an apparently foolproof manner, which indicates a suicide, collapsed in a locked room. Cartoon police officers desperately fall for the attack. It's up to Philo Vance, amateur detective and gentleman, neither old nor fat, to read the clues with more insight, to open the file outside the room and solve it, the corpse being little more than the pretext for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> What is interesting is not this police plot - which can only ever be unsatisfactory, as are all the solutions - even if it is rarely less entertaining and full of acts comic. There is not even much of an attempt to "subvert" the image of the perfect detective - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to brutalize a suspect, without Vance protesting, but that's pretty much all. <br /> <br /> What characterizes the kennel as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great author, as he has no coherent theme or proof of artistic development. But he was the greatest craftsman in Hollywood and he is here in a sensational form. If Golden Age's detective novel is just a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea to the logical extreme, creating an abstract variation of its source, reducing narrative, character and place to geometry a series of lines ranging from beautiful art-deco decorations to glorious camera movements that stand out sharply from a static composition and slide furiously oblique revive the dead decor. This treatment suits a story that resolutely refuses realism, a model that turns the police plot into a room of mirrors, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from a book entitled "Unsolved Mysteries" . This fantastic world of rich, evil men who collect oriental relics (shades of 'The Moonstone'?), Impenetrable Chinese servants, ex-butlers turned into butlers, dog-loving fops, runyonesque cops ideal habitat for dropping a cruise in Europe on a whimsical intuition, who knows the social world of these people, and yet is tainted by his interest in crime and its association with the police, or would be if it were not nothing but a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, bravely engulfs his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving nasty dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective, who are supposed to prevent crime, are guilty of instigating it.
