There are movies that every fan of Horror must see, and "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" by Emilio Miraglia. "The red queen kills seven times" (1972) is certainly one of them. Gialli and Gothic Tales being my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I can not wait to see this movie for a long time. Even though my expectations were great, this masterpiece surpassed my highest hopes. Giallo de Miraglia, "Evelyn's Night Out of the Tomb" (1971) was already a terrifying and atmospheric film that successfully mixed Giallo with Gothic Horror, but could not compete with this instant personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven" is unquestionably one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horror films ever made, and no lover of the genre would ever consider missing it. Incredibly captivating Giallo with powerful Gothic elements, "The Red Queen" offers everything you can expect, in one or the other sub-genre: an inventive and incredibly captivating plot, a breathtaking suspense, a sublimely mysterious setting and a truly terrifying atmosphere, colors, elegant murders, a brilliant score and, not least, a delightful female cast led by the superb beauty of Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the most remarkable combinations of beauty elegant and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film begins incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fought when their grandfather told them the story of an incredibly strange painting: a legend tells that an evil red lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people begin to be murdered ... The director Miraglia had already proved his incredible talent for the style, the atmosphere and the colorful goosebumps with "The night Evelyn came out of the grave" and he uses these elements even more effectively in this jewel. . "The red queen kills seven times" is a feast for the eyes and one of the most overwhelming Italian horror films, both visually and intriguingly. The only painting that haunts the grandfather's castle is able to give the spectator goose bumps. The Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is arguably the most demonic figure of all time in a Giallo, the chilling laugh that accompanies the murders would be even scary. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a Giallo, and this one is a great example. The lovely Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful women to see on the screen, and she is also a great actress. The presence of Bouchet has pushed up many Italian films. Among other appearances, she played in three of the greatest cult masterpieces of Italian cinema of the 70s in 1972: "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando Di Leo, "Giallo-Luc" by Lucio Fulci Torturer duckling "and This unforgettable jewel In addition to the marvelous Miss Bouchet, the superb female cast of the film includes the sexy Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("The Night Evelyn is out of the grave") and other beauties who do not hesitate to show it to the camera. <br /> <br /> As in the whole film, the murders are elegant and extremely elegant, but scary and macabre, and some of them are rather bloody.The haunting partition of Bruno Nicolai is also memorable as possible and makes the atmosphere intensely strange of the movie even more haunting.The plot is ingeniously complicated and full of red herrings, the level of tension increases with every passing minute. "The red queen ..." begins frightening andhe remains magnificent until the last second. All in all, this is one of the movies for which I do not find enough praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven" is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the best in Gialli's history and is a top priority for all horror and / or Italian film fans. 10/10
