Michael Curtiz directed this very stylish 1930 film from Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from the perspective of a writer's best mysteries of Philo Vance's strange S. Van Dine. Vance was a long-time and superior detective genius, and his character attributed to William Powell probably meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility that this detective could alienate viewers into less engaging hands. Fortunately, they assigned suave William Powell for the first time to the character. later, it was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being classified as "B" status. The other question, as always with the Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a character; their inclination was to choose men who worked outside the law, without apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and a defender of individual rights against all comers. This film has a despicable villain who is being murdered, and a claustrophobically difficult place inside an apartment complex. The characters are unquestionably exceptionally well understood, the direction rather good and unusually fast; and, with the exception of a black and black aspect, the film avoids comic aspects, superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogues characteristic of many early police entries. Jack Okey did the right artistic direction. Berhard Kaun's music is useful; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provided essentially interior cinematography. Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time, rather sober with just a hint of sardonic humor, here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual, playing very straight with an admiring police partner of Vance, with his very professional timing. The other actor who stands out the best is the handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what was written as a part of red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she spoke a little too fast to be as effective as she later proved. Helen Vinson, the villain of the villain, Jack The Street, Ralph Morgan (better known as the brother of Frank Morgan), Robert Barrat, the villain that everyone has to kill, Archer Coe, and Frank Conroy, his friendly brother with Robert McWade as DA; Etiienne and funny Etiienne Girardot has a deliciously spiritual role as a funny medical examiner who arrives at the scene of the crime. James Lee as an abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First, there are shad operations in a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh all have West Highland burrows. Cavanagh's dog is killed, by Coe, to prevent him from winning the title on his own participation. The second part of the scene involves taking leave; Someone is quite taken aback by who went where, after Coe separated from her friend Vinson, to murder her brother by mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who did to Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with the help of Palette; the romantic difficulties are settled, the exiled Chinese servant, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry whom, how Archer Coe was done and why the butler did not do it - but someone else with a good excuse done. It is a small mystery more than good that the talented director Curtiz, born in Hungary, took very seriously. He used wipes, quick cuts, camera angle changes and alternations between a simple and daring photographic work to obtain variety, interest and a steady pace. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider it to be the best of Vance projects, although others are equally valuable.
