"Markham," said Attorney General Philo Vance (William Powell), crime attorney, "I come more and more to the belief that Archer Coe was killed in this room.This poker, this dagger sheath, fragments ... everything is there. "" But Vance, "said Markham," do you want to tell me that a dead man has gone up the stairs? " "I'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case of my experience." <br /> <br /> We are nice. Archer Coe, rich and arrogant, seems to have been found sprawled on a chair in his room, a pistol in his hand and a bullet in his head. But wait. Further examination shows that Coe was hit hard by a blunt instrument that fractured his skull. Then there is the dagger in the back. The problem was that the door and windows of Coe's room had all been locked from the inside. Coe was not a suicide; it was a murder. But how could the killer have escaped? What was the specific motivation since there were so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the ground floor closet? <br /> <br /> The 73-year-old Kennel Murder Case is always a stylish glimpse of the old classic polar. What makes it work so well is that, first, the mystery is complicated and clever, but remains logical. Secondly, there is the amusing and assured performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance as a rehearsal of his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his intelligence to reconstruct things. He is also in good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and his status and popularity continued to grow as newsgroups took over. His intelligence, style and effortless sophistication have made him one of the most contemporary actors of the past. <br /> <br /> It's also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor in the role of Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich parish of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as British titling around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her particularly sensual and selfish way (watching her do her business really in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small elderly man such as Dr. Doremus, whose work as a coroner and forensic scientist continues to deprive him of his meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary of Archer Coe. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat that can easily wear well-fitting English cut suits. Eugene Palette is Detective Sergeant Heath, his noble voice on the belly and gravel. Sergeant Heath and Vance are longtime acquaintances who really seem to love each other.
