I watch a lot of movies, good, bad and indifferent; there is usually something of interest on which to focus, even if it is only scenography, or the reliable work of a good actor, or the fortuitous laughter that emerges from the observation of a captured inaptitude for ever. <br /> <br /> However, I was quite pleasantly surprised by this movie, a movie I had never seen before. Graham Greene has of course been translated to the cinema many times, in masterpieces such as "Thin Man" and in smaller vehicles. "Confidential Agent" is one of these vehicles of lesser importance, but it still manages to lead me somewhere, despite the mediocre orientation, the incongruity of the representations of Bacall and Boyer as British and Spanish, and the quasi -existence of any chemistry between the two leads. In some ways, this last "problem" really starts to play in favor of the film. How can love really flourish in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and capitalism that come together about the tragedy of a person? The most compelling aspect of the film stems directly from Greene's complex and guilty psychology, which permeates the film. I know some people see the deliberate rhythm here as boring, and I can understand it. Yet, I found that trampling was increasing rather than harming what is a claustrophobic world. I did not have to watch a big role (although Boyer is wonderful as usual, succeeding in conveying a rich mixture of lassitude to the world, tragedy, hope and fervor with his magnificent voice and his ardent gaze), but spiraling rush of a man's hopes against a world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is love for death? Where do the profit taking ends and where does the operation begin? The film does not reach the level of art and therefore can not hope to answer such questions. But it's more than just entertainment. His murders and guilt are very sinister. The lack of sequins, "bubbles", narrative "narrative" helps to make this film very useful. <br /> <br /> And there is no happy ending, because the story has written the end.
