Douglas MacArthur's brilliant performance by Gregory Peck of the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines in the early days of the Pacific War, largely due to his removal to the position of UN Commander during the Korean War, suggests that these three possibilities are all together. The most controversial American general of the Second World War (and perhaps never), MacArthur, is presented here as a man with enormous contradictions. He says that the soldiers aspire first and foremost for peace, but he obviously boast of war; he constantly denies any political ambition, yet almost everything he does is deliberately used to strengthen himself as a candidate for the presidency. he evidently believes that the soldiers under his command must follow his orders to the letter, but he himself deliberately defies the orders of the President of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan) while being totally disconnected from his own country. All these things are in balance throughout the film and the viewer must finally draw his own conclusions about the man, although there is no doubt that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and in particular the army. He dedicated his life to. <br /> <br /> The performance of Peck was, as I said, brilliant - to the point, in fact, to obscure almost everyone in the film (which may be appropriate given the person he represents!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he offered a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (referring to MacArthur repeatedly as "Her Majesty") angry, frustrated and finally completely fed up with this general who did not would simply not respect his authority as president. Marj Dusay also intrigued MacArhur's wife, Jean, who was devoted to her husband (whom she describes as "general"), although their relationship seems to have been quite happy. , although I might have liked to have learned a little more about MacArthur's youth. I've always laughed at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower's election to the presidency ("He'll make an excellent president - he was the best clerk I've ever had" - which seems to sum up what MacArthur thought the the role of the president should be, especially to his military commanders in wartime.) It is worth watching. 8/10
