It should be noted that mine is only the third criticism of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory," producer Frank McCarthy's earlier biography of a controversial American general of the Second World War, had drawn near a hundred comments. As a previous reviewer, I'm intrigued by the reason why one movie should have received more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> A difference between the two films is that `Patton 'is more focused, focusing on a MacArthur not only covers this war, but also the role of his subject in the Korean War, as well as his Japan's governor's period occupied during the interlude. <br /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are played. Gregory Peck dominates this movie even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton '. While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, playing in front of him under the name of General Bradley, none of the other 'MacArthur' actors are known names, at least for their cinematic works. Scott, of course, described Patton as an aggressive and angry man, who was sometimes at war with the rest of the human race, not just with the enemy. I suppose in real life, General MacArthur was as volcanic as Patton, but that's not how he appears in this movie. MacArthur of Peck is more thoughtful, more thoughtful, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he has played in some of his other films. Sometimes he even seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese capitulation in 1945 could have been written by a member of the CND in good standing, and his policy of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation has a semi-socialist air. In order to show something of MacArthur's gift for his inspiring leadership, Peck makes him an excellent speaker, but his speeches always seem to have more to do with the studied ruses of the practiced rhetorician than with any heartfelt fire. It's as if Atticus Finch from To Kill's Mockingbird had donned a general's uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott was trying to paint a portrait of "Pattes and", Patton, critics have been told that "MacArthur" is trying to ignore some of the less appealing qualities of his subject. I think this criticism is right, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur is a brilliant general who dared to oppose politicians ignorant from the military point of view who did not know how to face the war and were sent back for his troubles when the victory was at his scope. Of course, many historians believe that Truman was forced to sack MacArthur, whose behavior was likely to jeopardize peace in the world. He had no choice but to accept the impasse, because Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during the Korean scenes, MacArthur de Peck seems to be more idealistic than his original was probably; we see little of his temerity and naivety in politics. (Truman's remark "he knows as much about politics as the pig knows about Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but it could just as easily have been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy) . Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period during which it was made. The end of the seventies, after the two traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, was a difficult time for the United States, and an audience in search of comfort might have welcomed the heroic and reassuring military figure of the previous generation. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it is between two stools. If it was a complete biography of MacArthur, it would have had to show something from his childhood, which is not covered at all. (The first one we see of the general is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the recurring themes in the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man was Arthur MacArthur and why his son considered him a hero and such a model. Another interesting way to make the film would have been to focus on Korea and the conflict between MacArthur and Truman, with equal emphasis on both men and actors of the same stature. The way the film was made seemed less interesting to me than either of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> However, it would be wrong to give the impression that I do not like the film at all. Although I may not agree with Peck's interpretation of the lead role, no one can deny that he played with his usual professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, thoughtful and informative biopic film. It's a good movie, but it could have been better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the map illustrated by MacArthur during the Korean War shows the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), the boundary between the two Korean states that was created only after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). Moreover, I think MacArthur was referring to the "tocsin" of the war. The war can be toxic, but it is difficult to listen to a toxin in the thirsty ear.
