When I was in Hollywood, I looked through their clearance movies and there was DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I only saw it once before and I could not let this good deal pass! The second viewing was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus yet, I recommend you do it or if you have rented and hated Demonicus, give it another chance, because another view could make you change your mind. If you have seen a copy of Hollywood Video at the price, do not miss it: it's a bargain! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a very different but entertaining film. Believe it or not. It's like watching an interactive video game without playing it! He has a very low budget and actors that I'm sure nobody knows. We started the video game uh I mean filming with a guy and a woman a bit in Italy and there is a cave that looks like a rail tunnel and a railway and she says do not go there and what does it do ? The normal stuff! HE WILL NOT LISTEN! He goes there and finds many artifacts and armor gladiators, as well as the body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous, almost perfectly preserved! Where does this tyrannous chair come from and how does his body stay so good? So each cave is equipped with a Caultron pot? Tyrannous wears his armor, his helmet and owns a weapon or two. He does the stupidest thing anyone can do, he puts on the helmet and is taken care of by the Tyrannous spirit! From there, he walks around and kills all the campers around to bring back the real Tyrannous. <br /> <br /> Now, I said before that it was like a video game. It's hard to explain, but it's as if. The music even sounds like video games. The acting is really terrible. The actors say things like: why is he doing this, oh he was already crazy and good since he's crazy I'm going home! The movie also has some major mistakes as a guy is running and looking for his girlfriend in the night and continues to run in the day always looking for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some errors but it's not a classic like the werewolf but it's entertaining if you like movies prone to errors at a very low budget, you'd better see Demonicus!
