The effects of work-related stress and the pressures of a moral dilemma between conscience and the obligations of a family business (even if it is unique) have all been highlighted by - or perhaps the catalyst for - a crisis. of the forties, examined in the dark and absorbing drama, "Panic", written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a revealing glimpse into how indecision and denial can lead to internal conflict and misery that ultimately lead to apathy and moment of truth when conflict must finally be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order business he runs at home, and his main source of income, the family Il shares his business with his father, Michael (Sutherland) and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it is empty; Years of activity in this profession left him insensitive and detached, putting him in a mental state that led him to consult a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), in Dr. Parks' waiting room, he meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes her feel alive. for the first time since he remembers. She quickly becomes another stone in the moral conflict her work has imposed on her, because in the days following their meeting, he just can not stop thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - a situation in which he is apparently unable to extricate himself successfully without harming those he loves. He may deny his age and the fact that he has actually fallen into a mid-life crisis, but he is about to discover that the problems he is facing just will not go away. He is at a crossroads and he will have to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> From an intrinsically interesting concept, Bromell has developed a captivating, insightful and incisive study of character, and presents it as a means for moments of reflection that allow the public to understand and understand what Alex is going through. He explains very clearly that there are no simple answers, that in real life, there is no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity of life and, moreover, within a given family. The film suggests that the sins of the father are irrefutably transmitted to the offspring, with consequences and irrevocable effects. Growing up, you accept your personal environment as being the one of the whole world; and it often happens that one begins to understand and understand that there are moral parameters established by every individual who walks on the planet and that those defined by the father are not conducive to the principles of the son. And that's when Alex finds himself as the story unfolds. ergo, the mid-life crisis or more precisely the crisis of conscience to which he can not escape. It's a powerful message, succinctly and subtly concise by Bromell, thanks to the remarkable performances of his actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the most important players in the sector. , creating characters as diverse as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in Magnolia, The Shoveler in Mystery Men, and Jerry Lundegaard in Fargo. And this is just a sample of his many accomplishments. At one point in the movie, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes". This is a very eloquent comment, because it is the strength of Macy's performance, his ability to convey a very real emotion in a credible and credible way that expresses the inner turmoil he is experiencing. Consider the scene in which he lies, awake in his bed, looking in the darkness; in this agitated moment, it is clear that he is grappling with a critical situation, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything that brought him into his life, finally. In this scene you will find the sum of a lifetime of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed so far; all the things that have always been at the heart of Alex's life is only now that his defense mechanisms have been progressively punctured to finally surface, demand a confrontation and a resolution. It's a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. He is a character to whom anyone who has already faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds will be able to identify himself. It's a fantastic work of one of the best actors of the moment. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is terribly sinister in a way so real that he's scary. In fact, it is scary to think that such people are actually walking on Earth. It's not a pulp fiction or a James Bond villain, but a real personification of evil, hidden behind such an outward appearance that it could be the type of side, which makes it even more puzzling . And Sutherland gives life to all this brilliantly, with a great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell seems to have Sarah's role, but her performance (as is the case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, although her attitude is affected. Here, it's just about adapting the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If only she sometimes turned her energy inward, it would make a huge difference in the way she portrays her characters. "Panic" is one of his best efforts; a powerful film that, in the end, is a trip that is worth it. 9/10. <br /> <br />
