First of all, it was not a three-hour movie - two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked that commercials were not really part of a movie! Maybe, however, it should have been a two-part for a total of about 3 hours? Yeah, I could have learned more, being able to explore more emotion. Overall, though, it was an interesting look at Lucy and Desi's life. I watch I Love Lucy from time to time and I love her but I have never read or seen biography, I have never known anything about their life off the screen. Because of this movie, I'm doing it now but I'm not sure it's a good thing. Everything here, nobody really needed to know. It was essentially a film that did not need to be done. But this has been done and the reason is that Lucy & Desi are still such stars and some people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know everything about our television and movie stars. It's really so wrong and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, what was shown here to Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - not a great casting at all. And the passage from Madeline Zima to Rachel York ... Uh, as if Lucy had undergone an operation of cosmetic surgery, she suddenly became a whole new person !? It was not so great. But the story continued and focused on the difficult relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, the children were not watched much and this film was not necessarily a disadvantage because, as I said, it was mainly about Lucy & Desi. If there had been more time, if the story had been more complete about Lucy's life, then maybe the kids would have spent more time there. But they were not, so we saw very briefly people like Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, it was one thing about this story that I found really cool: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really nice and it's a shame that it has not been explored further. Never mind. What has been explored has been well done, for the most part. Honestly, I do not think I'll ever see that again and I do not think this movie will be so memorable. For someone who loves I like Lucy but who is not a big fan of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My rating for this: B
