Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to receive one of the 1,200 Ultimate Bourne Lots from my best half, but I was slow to watch the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given the number of recent trilogies that stumbled on the finish line instead of advancing triumphantly in this one, I was a little suspicious of "The Bourne Ultimatum" but I really should not have been worried . Sequences of electric action and deadly battle scenes combine effortlessly with intelligent story lines to make it one of the best action thrillers I can remember and a sublime end to an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns to Guardian journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) after an apparent leak on Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project. Determined to learn more about his past, Bourne is back on the track, but other CIA members, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is fleeing and starting to pursue the agent dishonest with renewed vigor. Can Bourne finally find the answers he was looking for, or will his former employers finally silence him? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt slightly disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy", which abandoned the realism of the brand's action scenes and focused on being a good spy movie. Not to say that he lost it completely, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it was more like a slow-burning spy novel than an action thriller. None of these worries here - every car accident, punch, kick and shot is heard and felt with visceral joy but luckily he still keeps a wonderfully intelligent and captivating espionage story in his heart to found the action. It also brilliantly links the two previous films, thus providing a trilogy-appropriate book end as things are explained and developed until the complete picture is exposed. The performances are almost irreproachable - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than candy for lugubrious eyes. The only drawback is that this, like the other Bourne films, has very little to do with the original novel, but unless you're a Ludlum fan, it's not really a reason to do not like such a film of the highest caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing makes me more happy than a film that takes me pleasantly by surprise and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a breathtaking film that contains enough action to crack the bones. and a plot that never threatens to let your attention go for a minute. Even on the last lap, you never know for sure if a happy ending is assured, but whether you're a fan of the show or not (and if not, what more do you want?), It's a movie you really need follow down as soon as possible. No wonder this series has forced film producers Bond to throw a forty years of film history to start again. Bourne is a modern espionage hero and compared Bond's recent movies to Austin Powers until "Casino Royale" gives the Bond series the reboot it desperately needed. Missing Jason Bourne's movies is a crime that deserves to be done - get a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne collection though - limited edition, I'm scared!
