Dramatic license - some hate this, even if it is necessary to tell any story of life. In the case of "Lucy", the main points of Lucille Ball's adolescence, early career and 20 years of marriage are all included, albeit in a truncated and reworked way. <br /> <br /> The main emotional points Lucy's life is clear: Lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress, eventually blossoming into the brilliant actress who made the character Lucy Ricardo a legend; his turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage with Desi Arnaz; Lucy and Desi create the first television empire and are forever in the history of the most memorable sitcom couple on television. <br /> <br /> As Lucille Ball, Rachel York does a remarkable job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation that Judy Davis has done while playing Judy Garland, but York makes Ball strong and friendly, and is very funny in itself. Although her comic timing is different from Lucy's, she's still believable. The film never goes into details about his perfectionist behavior on the set and his mistreatment of Vivian Vance at the beginning of "I Love Lucy," but watching York depict Lucy rehearsing in private is a beautiful inclusion . <br /> <br /> Daniel Pino is slimmer and less charismatic than the real Desi, but he has his own charm and does a pretty decent job with Desi's accent, especially in the opening scene. Madeline Zima was decent, if not too memorable, because Lucy, a teenager. <br /> <br /> Vivian Vance and William Frawley do not have much success, thankfully, since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman have not been very convincing in the roles. . Not that they were not good actors in their own right, they just did not suit the people they were playing. Most of the actors come from Austrailia and New Zealand, and the pent up accents are sometimes noticeable. <br /> <br /> Although the main structure of the film remains true to the historical reality, there are many deviations, some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. . Jess Oppenheimer, the lead writer on Lucy's "My Favorite Husband" radio show, which debuted in 1948, is described in this film as arriving at the scene to help "I Love Lucy" in 1951, ignoring completely the fact that he was the main creator! This film also describes Marc Daniels as the main director of "I Love Lucy" for his entire career, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! In addition, although I suppose it was due to budget constraints, it was shown that the Ricardo lived in the same apartment throughout their stay in New York. In reality, they changed apartments in 1953. The whole kitchen is slightly larger and smaller the original too. The Connecticut home seems pretty close to the original, with the exception of the right and left sides of the house that have been condensed and restructured. <br /> <br /> Desi also talks about the purchase of RKO in 1953, during the Lucy incident, although it was not marketed until 1957. These changes could have been Dramatic license, and the film work to communicate the main facts, but would it hurt them to show a little more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two essential characters in the story of "I Love Lucy"? The biggest gaff comes in the recreation scenes "I Love Lucy", at least a few of them. It is always risky to recreate something that is captured on a film and that has been seen by billions of people, but even more so when obvious changes are made. The scene with the giant bread loaf was truncated and anyone who knew about this episode would immediately notice the differences! The number "We have a baby" was also shortened, but other than that, he was practically dead. By far, the best was the "grape-grape" scene, with Rachel York really nailing Lucy's manners. The producers took the wise decision not to try to recreate the pieces of "Vitametavegamin" and sweets directly, but to show the actors to repeat them. These scenes have proven effective through this approach. <br /> <br /> The main flaw of the film is to suggest that the viewers already know a lot about Lucy's life, because many things are overflown, even omitted. Overall, however, this gives a decent picture of Lucy & Desi's marriage, and factual errors can be overlooked when character development works effectively.
