When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I must admit that I did not think much about it. At the time, I was eleven, so maybe I was too young to understand the script and understand the script as a whole. Two years ago, when the Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I still did not think it was as good as I thought it was to judge by the bands. ads. Over the past two years, I've been told over and over again that the Bourne movies were extraordinary. Often, I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about cinema. Until two months ago, I could not care about Bourne's ultimatum, I really had no intention of looking at him. But then, I decided to come back to look at the first two before making an abrupt decision. So I went out and bought the two original films. And what a surprise for me when I was seized by them. Identity I found the superior of both, but the supremacy is not far behind. These are both slick, action packed and thrilling movie pieces that I've watched many times since I bought them. That's why I was the first to see the Bourne Ultimatum today. And the boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon has never been one of my favorite actors before appearing in Bourne movies. I had already seen him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I had never thought much of him in general. However, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (pardon the pun). Throughout this series, we have seen the character change before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than it was in The Departed and I thought he was the one of the best things in The Departed. You really care about the character and hope he discovers everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find his character extremely credible. The support cast of the movie was also absolutely remarkable. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she surpasses herself. Her character is also very credible and she has moments superbly interpreted towards the end of the film. Julia Stiles introduces herself again as Nicky and we finally learn a little more about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves a lot more roles, decent roles, than she has. David Strathairn is a newcomer in this series as Noah Vosen. He is definitely the villain of the movie and he really excels. He's certainly the most mean person we've met and some of his decisions are really mean. Strathairn enjoys the role and he too gets some great scenes in the movie. A special mention must also go to Albert Finney who makes the most of his screen time too short. I will not say anything about the character. It's better to leave him surprised, but believe me, his scenes are part of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne movies have always focused on the plot more than on the action sequences, that does not mean that the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god no, he There are tons throughout the film. But to go through the film is a very well written and well played story. This plot ends in the best way imaginable in this movie. Looking at Supremacy the night before, I saw Ultimatum, it was nice, because I could notice some small things. This very last scene in Supremacy, New York, is far more important than I had ever imagined at the time. I will not spoil it for people, but I recommend you check out the supremacy before you see Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people, they will only see Ultimatum because of the action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say they should see it for the screenplay, but I would be lying if I do not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. The mini-car chase in Identity is one of my favorite car chases of all time. Well, the action in Ultimatum must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins with a sequence of action in Moscow. So during the film, we had many clashes, all very violent and shocking brutality. An absolutely incredible bike chase, many foot chases that are even more amazing, a thrilling car chase that's unforgettable and so much more! But the highlight for me must be the stage at Waterloo Station. Do not ruin it, but for some reason it grabbed me. <br /> <br /> So there are flaws for the film? To me, no, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, I would not recommend Ultimatum for you. The film does not try to conquer new fans, it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a few more scenes of intrigue and actions. Bourne Ultimatum is without a doubt the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic, it is a great honor for me to say that this ultimatum is much better than the majority of Bond's films, and believe me, it takes a lot for me to say that. Although Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it's about equal.
