I have never hesitated to say that most action movies simply do not do anything for me. Most of the time, they are blatant vehicles to blow up objects, show sexy models and throw a semblance of reality or intelligence through the window. That said, the Bourne series has been fantastic. Doug Liman has ushered in a new approach using a more realistic style, showing the fighting head on and making our super spy a person we can relate to emotionally and humanly. It was not the absurdity of Bond's science fiction (before they did a complete overhaul in the style of this series). There was a lot to fear when the Bourne Supremacy came out. Under the direction of director Paul Greengrass, what could have been a copy of the original original ended up being an improvement in style and style. The issues were raised and the story was improved because of that. Greengrass must be given a ton of credit to continue playing with the latest album, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is an amazing conclusion for a high level trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and the story and performances are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is brought to the mind of the CIA by false pretenses. Someone leaked information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar and, once Bourne is located, trying to converse with the reporter who told the news, he is supposed to be the mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was responsible for finding him in Supremacy, knows that he can not be that one. Bourne's motivation has always been to stay away from government and live life in peace. It is the CIA that keeps bringing it back to the open air to ravage it. In the end, Bourne also wants to know the source to finally know who he is and what makes him a murderer. The film then becomes a pursuit against time and against each other to find the source and see if the government can end the breach and solve all the problems, or if Bourne can take revenge on those who took his life . <br /> In what is probably the simplest scenario in the series, with only one hunt for the whole story, it is perhaps the biggest cast of characters and a turnaround of loyalty to denounce the corruption that has been behind the progression of the complete story. This is not at all a disadvantage, as it allows more fighting and car chases that work in the context of the plot. Admission to this film is worth it for the battle of the apartment, between Bourne and the second asset of the CIA, alone. Hopping through the windows of Madrid is cool in itself, but when they finally find each other, we have a ten-minute fight that's as exhilarating to watch as any scene you see. Moreover, rather than using a massive car chase as a climactic play as in the first two films, we are instead shooting around three small scale road races, just as intense, but staggered enough to never plunge into the air. action in monotony. <Br/> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also discover with heart and emotion the origin of our favorite agent. At the end of the film, we will discover the cause of all the spying and destruction that occurred around him. Nobody could have done it better than Matt Damon. He has the physique and attitude to be credible in the action sequences, but he also has the opportunity to draw the moments of intelligence and correspondence between the cat and the mouse with those against him. Joan Allen resumes her role with as much dedication to her work but also with a little more disenchantment with what is happening around her after the way the character of Brian Cox, from the first two films, took things by hand. Needing to play a role in this mold, David Strathairn gives us a good ride. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and does not answer anyone when making a decision. With so many attempts to hide his relationship with his Blackbriar program leaders as he tries to do his duty to his country, you can never really evaluate what he will be able to do. Even the little guys do a great job, like Paddy Considine as a journalist who throws the leak at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man of the past and perhaps the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as a CIA member sent out Bourne. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role played successfully by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He does not speak much, if at all, but he has the look and the efficiency of robotics and hopes he will have more roles to show what he can do after a nice turn in Domino. <br /> <br /> Finally, we must congratulate Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and leading this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of his predecessors rather than destroying them. His close-to-hand skill is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the cuts leading to seizures. Rather than feeling like an overproduction, its manual use takes the environment into account and puts you right in the action. Let's also question the filmmaker Oliver Wood, who shot all three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and transform his style into a beautiful harmony with them.
