It was essentially an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman" as with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: the incredibly true story of the longest three-hour tour of history") was a few years ago, where Bob Denver ("Gilligan "), Dawn Wells (" Mary Ann ") and Russell Johnson (" The Professor ") recounted the story of the creation, cancellation, rediscovery and rebirth of the show. Along the way, stories have been dramatized with actors describing the cast and the original crew. It was very well done. It was funny, well done and a real document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. The story of the story of the series, the reenactments, the general feeling are the same. What is missing is the simple approach adopted by "Survive". <br /> <br /> In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitations to a motor show to which they should not be invited. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witness the stealing of the centerpiece of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to run after themselves, guiding them through clues that lead them to think about the story of the series. This eventually leads to the revelation of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this idea (having a plot) is the biggest disappointment of this show. Unlike "Surviving," "Return" requires the viewer to follow a less interesting scenario (the flight of the Batmobile) instead of focusing all its attention on what would interest most the audience (the story of the series). historical sections that work best. The cast (as in "Survive") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the feel of the actors without much * resembling them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") looks a lot like his subject, but captures none of the late Gorshin's charms, but only his characterizations. The representations of the other actors are short and functional, with no particular distinction being good or bad. Many stories have already been told, but they are usually fun and sometimes clumsy. Another wonderful part of the historical sections has been the use of audition images of Lyle Wagoner's essay for the role of Batman. The only place where flashbacks fail is when they insert clearly marked plot points to advance the main story. This unnecessarily reduces the accuracy of rollbacks. <br /> <br /> The "main story" (if that's what we have to call it) is, of course, ridiculous. It's not really a fault in itself, but it's just not good enough to cover the shortfall. Good performance and good writing can make up for a ridiculous plot (especially in this kind of thing), but we really do not have one here. The performances of West and Ward seem somewhat flat (even for them); the dialogue too carefully written to make it look natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in that the dialogue box is mainly there to set up a backtrack. In "Surviving", that's all he wants to be. In "Back", he tries to duplicate and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar are doing well (although I agree that Gorshin did not age well and that Newmar had it - and what does Wagoner take to be so beautiful?), But what there is not enough to do. Again, I think they would have all been better served by a simpler presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Back". This show is dedicated to the TV series "Batman" and its history, but all the clips broadcast come from the theater film. Even the footage Wagoner is technically a movie. If you know that you are "Bat-History", then you know that the film was originally intended to be shot first, only to be delayed for the benefit of the television series while CBS needed to save time. So when Wagoner and West tested the role, it was for the film, not for the TV show. Why "Back" only uses movie clips is not clear. This is most likely a question of rights, but it is a source of distraction for connoisseurs: see Julie Newmar in the present, but only images of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> I liked the show, mainly for flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island," but I can understand why they would want a more story-driven piece, given the topic being dealt with. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see them outside while having fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just wish they did it a little better and that more of the original cast is still alive to be there.
