There are many types of meeting shows. One guy is where old actors come out of the night balls and are ready to recreate characters they have not played for twenty or thirty years. These have mixed results. "Return to Mayberry", despite some nonsense, was fine; `Return to Green Acres' as execrable (Eddie Albert used a word for the script that I will not repeat here, but he and the movie smell bad); "Rescue from Gilligan's Island" fills a necessary gap in the history of the castaways, although the show is silly, even from the point of view of "Gilligan's Island". In most cases, the scripts are weak. Sometimes a stupidity appears in the scripts that is too know ?? and in comedy, it is almost always fatal for the characters to know that they are funny. New characters are introduced that do not match the mix. Overall, these reunion shows are rather weak. A second type of "meeting" show is one where the cast puts aside its past, but sits, telling stories, remembering, interspersed with flashbacks of the shows. Then there are emissions-based films, which are rarely good; and movies based on the story of the series ("The Brady Bunch" provoked them, with various results). <br /> <br /> "Return to the Batcave" uses almost all of the above, with a wonderfully twisted point of view, making it the best meeting shows and raising the bar for others. <br /> <br /> Adam West and Burt Ward and summoned to a screening of the original Batmobile. While they are there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> The film's Adam West is a man with dementia. He called Jerry, his butler, Alfred. He opens a bust of Shakespeare in his apartment and reveals a hidden pole to slip to the parking lot. He is obsessed with the fight against crime, when he is actually a washed out actor. When the Batmobile is stolen, he does not only believe that it is his duty as a crime fighter to recover it, he drags Burt Ward, who does not want it, as an assistant. about the old days. It is broken by "flashbacks" with actors playing West and Ward in the old days. Modern scenes and "flashbacks" both have the far-fetched lack of reality maintained by the series. There are also gags that show that West is able to make fun of himself: in Ward's book on the time he spent in the series, he spoke frankly of West's libido and his status Flint (West makes Ward pay for all his pursuit, downgrades and bus fares). The clues they follow, the characters they meet (even in flashback) are all part of the mentality of the old series and there are several tributes, including a fight in the fist with written sound effects. <br /> <br /> extremely funny and done with a great panache. There are also cameos from Julie Newmar (who seems to have had a facelift too) and Frank Gorshin, reminding us why he has such a cult. Gorshin will be the Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, is long forgotten. The film is built on a pretty obvious but funny climax. <br /> <br /> This show is a model for meeting shows ?? unfortunately, few can match the model. This show had actors replay their old characters; young actors playing a movie on the set of the show; actors West and Ward remembering; and a modern day movie with the real Adam West playing the crazy Adam West. He has everything. If you liked the old show, it's the cork on the bottle.
