I did not like a lot of TV shows after 1990, but the 70S SHOW is awesome. I had never seen him on his first outing, thinking of a piece of fantasy time, I was wrong! I started watching reruns and the more I watched, the more I liked! Now this is the only show I regularly watch in the post-1990 premiere. <br /> <br /> Although That 70S Show mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 70s, it does not get lost in confusion. this decade going to the sea with the references and look of the 70s. It contains so many funny, witty and biting dialogues delivered with confidence and certainty by its main distribution that it overcomes all the clichés of the 70s in being just humorous. Humor is what keeps the show eternally watchable. <br /> <br /> Although it's a hilarious sitcom, no matter what period you choose, the uniqueness of the '70s plays out in its favor as it gives the show a unique identity. . But it is the emphasis on universal problems (family problems, adolescent anxiety, marital problems, peer pressure), to treat all with comic aplomb, which gives the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The center of the show is an Eric Forman (played to absolute comic perfection by future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinny, geeky-looking teen who is not athletic. It remains very cool, however, because of Grace's brilliant self-deprecation. Eric has five friends, Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (respectively hilariously played by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boys, we have a lot to see! Donna, an avant-garde feminist, is the object of Eric's affection and these two people are at the heart of the series' relationships. They become a couple shortly after the show starts and are NEVER a boring couple. Most programs end up having a meaningful conversation about them and their future. It works as an excellent insightful reading base, which works perfectly to counter previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon settles in the Formans when his mother abandons him. Hyde is the mellow, zen, cool of the group and just sits back, watches, and mocks his friends friends with easy plumb. Kelso is the dumb of the group and Kutcher plays the main role, showing an incredible physical comedy and telling some of the most absurdly hilarious ideas and stories of all time! Jackie, who started as Kelso's girlfriend, is a talkative, self-absorbed beginner cheerleader. At first she is accepted only in Kelso's B / C group, but she manages to make herself happy to the point where they MUST all accept. her! And finally, Fez! Fez is the foreign student from an unknown country (you never know exactly where) and he steals the stage! "I said good day!" "You are a son of b * tch!" Valderama has only a foreign accent here because he does not have one in reality, he is still in the character and creates one of the most unique characters I have ever seen. His scenes of flying scenes often help me to do the show. <br /> <br /> The show constantly draws us into the thoughts and thoughts of these characters through captivating fantasy scenes about how they would like or imagine things. The gang often has problems (most of them on purpose). They constantly play gags about Point Place residents and each other. They spend most of their time in Eric's basements hunting, pontificating or simply playing. <br /> <br /> Eric's parents, the menacing, the hateful Red and the lovable, are also in the limelight. -go-lucky Kitty (played in memorable fashion by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a mature perspective that they need and constantly shout and advise the 6 worst battles. Red and Kitty are cleverly supported by Donna's parents, the jester Bob (played wonderfully by Don Stark) and the blonde bimbo Daft Midge (the super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who participated in the series at about halfway) . In addition, for 3 complete seasons, Eric's sister, Laurie (played brilliantly by the sexy Farrah-Fawcett look-alike, looked like Lisa Robin Kelly) was a major refreshing relief to counter the shenanigans of the top 6 and be thorny Eric and his parents. 'sides! Kelly came back as a guest character for a few eps of season 5. Unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems forced her to be replaced by a terrible new actress in season 6. Luckily, the newbie did not last and he left after a few eps of season 6! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the beginning of season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the series and never recovered since the season 8 proved to be the last. Grace and Kutcher returned for the series finale, giving the show a satisfying end. <br /> <br /> A large number of supporting characters and cameos that will help keep the show cool by adding nostalgia and humor. The best players were eternally high: Leo (played over-the-top by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the great comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also won legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) will play the mothers of Red and Kitty respectively. Many 1970s celebrity cameos also made appearances, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW), Charo, Ted Nugent and K.I.S.S! <br /> <br /> With great tributes and nostalgic references from the '70s, a hilarious dialogue and performance, and an absurd and captivating style of comic tale, That 70S Show is a TV classic!
