Over the years, we've seen a lot of absurd things done by screenwriters while the series had to continue, anyway, keep in mind "8 simple rules" after John Ritter's death comes to me. mind, but it's probably the first time I cared. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, with Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to hide Leo's return and increasingly scandalous stories, but we always felt like we were worried about not having a main character. It did not really connect, it was a lot of unrelated things going on and most of the time were not even funny. The previous season had seemed too difficult for all the characters, simply because Eric was taking a lot of time on the screen and we would now be completely upset by the breadth and repetition of the rest of the characters. Focus on the gimmick that Fez was totally uninteresting and the character would just stop working, because the whole problem was that he would say something weird from nowhere, and you can not say things from nowhere every second line It's yours. They also brought standard cousin Oliver, but this time it was just not a child. Whenever you hear someone knocking on the door, you start praying that it's not Randy, please, let him not be Randy. The contract with Randy was that he would make really awful jokes, as Red would say, smiling like a donkey and totally screwing up Donna's role, Donna would be in trouble. I think Donna pretended to be amused more than half of last season. However, the problems had started earlier: what was once a great show with an equally great concept, which for once did not concern a dysfunctional family, slowly entered the territory of the soap opera. Everyone started to be in love with everyone, emotional scenes were nauseated, with one generally lame joke placed somewhere to distract from the fact that we were watching "As The World Turns" . I guess it was a character development, but go for it, it was written almost as clumsily as the moral lessons of "Family Matters". To be honest, the last episode, also because it had a Topher Grace cameo (a cameo from his own show), was really good, even if it was not so funny either. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more critics about Season 8: What the heck was the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character who does not sing), but Fez scared me. Dude, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons around, among the best comedy ever aired.
