Before I saw that, I was just expecting another mediocre and mediocre copy of the highly imitated "Emmanuelle" series starring Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising to see how good it was. In fact, there is a story and it is very romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so good is her heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She so sweetly embodies Emy Wong that the viewer must feel something for her when her dreams collapse around her. Emy Wong is a famous doctor, statuesque, with royal quality. It comes from an old and important family where ancient customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until her marriage, with a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor seems to be doing well with this arranged marriage. It's just like it's done in his world. However, she does not intend to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up under her care at the hospital where she works. Emy decides to get rid of the custom and gives himself to his Western man. But after a very long time, Dr. Wong is anything but an easy woman. His pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so that she does not lose her respectability and her place in her rigid society. Neither of them relies on a third person, Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of perverse games. Emy is made to believe that she was abandoned by her man, that he played a game with her only to sleep with her. Her place in society has disappeared, she has been degraded. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn as this proud and elegant woman abandons her career, forging a sweet relationship with her caring father and succumbing in a lifetime of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so absorbed by this tragically tragic story. I was on the edge of my seat when George went to town and unknowingly entered a hotel where his beautiful Emy was working as a prostitute! Classical drama. I imagine that a lot of viewers have been a little frustrated by this whole drama. We would expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but there are not many. And when there is, it's totally non-exploitative, very artistic and soft-core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will undoubtedly appreciate this less known classic. I was particularly impressed by the attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy takes George to his father on the island is really nice. His father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. It has a whole miniature forest built from these amazing trees. Totally unexpected. After seeing it on cable TV late at night, a few years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the Internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, no more melodrama. For the release of the DVD, there is a secondary plot about George who suddenly suffers an unknown deadly disease! In fact, I preferred the cable version. I am happy that this rare jewel is finally released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful cinematography and the weird and catchy soundtrack of the 70's. Looking at this one, you just feel like you're looking at something very rare and very special. I recommend it to thoughtful viewers who do not need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
