I am Curious (Yellow) (a film in a rhyme close to Seussical is announced from the outset as available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great successes of the art house that first made sensation in Sweden, then at the time. a great scandal / cause famous in the United States, when the print was seized by the customs and up to the Supreme Court. What is powerful in the photo today is not so much what could offend by what is revealed in sex or nudity - the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films the different scenes so that there is has an abundance of flesh and genitals and occasionally a little graphic, but it's still more an intellectual expression than a very luxurious one, but the audacity of the attempt of a pure metafilm while making a faithful statement on the situation in Sweden. Who knew that such things in a generally peaceful country (that is, generally neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could be so politically excited? At least, that's part of Sjoman's goal here. <br /> <br /> Like a filmmaker such as Dusan Makavajev with some of his works such as WR (if not surrealistic and deranged) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman is ready to mix politics and sex (mainly political and policy). social layers) around in the middle of also making a comment on the incarnation of a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a torrid relationship in the film's story. Lena is a "curious" socialist aspirant demonstrating in the street for non-violence and training in a cabin in the woods. to become fully operational, while perhaps being too curious about his boyfriend car salesman. And while this is happening, which is enough in itself for a movie, Sjoman occasionally inserts into his film and his crew when they shoot this story (there is even a very good mid-way moment where, as at a rock concert, the title cards fill during a pause in the shot which is the crew, which avoids using the end credits!) Then there is another dynamic since Sjoman gives a real performance, not just a "hey, I'm director director" bit. <br /> <br /> At first we might not understand this structure and I'm curious (Yellow) is just a movie in which Lena is a documentary interviewer who asks questions about their thoughts on social class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and from time to time we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery that the viewer must be on his guard; It is impressive that so many years on an image can be surprising not to be afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, film in a film and even a serious interview of Martin Luther King, who is also a virtual guru for Lena . . It may not always be a coherent political analysis, but it does not give the impression of cheating or even satirical approval, as in the case of Godard; the satire that Sjoman looks for after looks like a Godard but on a very different wavelength. His anarchy is playful but not completely loaded with semantics or tricks that could discourage the less initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I am curious (yellow) presents itself as an intellectual enterprise and a full-fledged journey in sex exploration in a way that has been and that is captivating for all that is shown and how comfortable it feels for the actors, it's not totally a success, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman was fed up with making a purely emotional film with deconstruction tendencies, Sjoman is better able to make the connection with specific ideas while not always realizing very well when it comes time to make big or subtle scenes with them. actors. Sometimes it works, if only for the actors, Lena Nyman (most of the time spectacular here in a performance that asks her to turn an ambitious but confused child into a compassionate and even vulnerable person) and Borje Ahlstedt (a great realistic counterpoint to the volatile Lena), but some 40 years later, it is difficult to fully connect with everything that has happened in Lena and Borje's inner film since (perhaps intentionally) Sjoman fills it with clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a kid, will he leave her, how Lena reconcile his father) and a heavy narration of his starlet. <br /> <br /> And yet, whatever the flaws that Sjoman may have, ironically, considering that this is a commentary on himself, I Am Curious (Yellow) resists admirably to an experiment an artistic endeavor to test what could be done in Swedish cinema or to test what could not be and to bend it for provocative and comical purposes. I would even go so far as to say that it is influential, and that it has probably been copied or imitated in more than one way because of the fact that it is such a cult phenomenon in its day ( specific technique used, with a rollback of the film, echoes a more mediocre use in Funny Games), and should be seen by anyone looking to embark on cutting-edge manufacturing or meta-movies. If the artistic leap is not as remarkable as that of W.R. or Last Tango, it's just behind.
