In a future society, the military component must not recruit; their candidates are chosen at birth, from nurseries and appointed to spend all their lives in the service of the government. They are delivered to the war machine, body and soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than a name and a rank, and no autonomy. This is the destiny of those whose destiny is predetermined in "Soldier", directed by Paul Anderson and interpreted by Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and bleak as the film begins by describing the training of soldiers during the period from preadolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we see his career as he carries out his duties in an exemplary campaign after campaign; he is what he was born for, a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, derived from genetics and advanced technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. What follows is the story of a man struggling for his life while seeking to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new characteristics of a soldier who has known only two things during his life: fear and discipline. Russell gives an imposing performance as Todd, the soldier who must above all obey orders without asking questions, while repressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has few lines in this film, but Russell says a lot about his eyes. This role shows that he is in fact one of the underrated actors of our time; the fact that he can disappear so completely into Todd's character is to credit his ability, and with this part he has created a very different person than anyone he has done before. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could easily have interpreted as a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Remarkable performances are also presented here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Jason Scott Lee, memorable in the role of Caine 607, one of the new generation soldiers; Sean Pertwee (mass); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson delivered an action movie with a message, an edifying narrative that transcends the genre of science fiction. "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our lives intact. It's a fun way to make us consider alternatives, such as a dark future and a world where good movies just would not make a big difference. Just like "1984" and "Mad Max," this film, which is ultimately edifying, will inspire you to pause and think about the kind of universe in which we all have to live together and share. I note this one 7/10.
