Why do I like disorganized crime so much? Why am I laughing or laughing every time I think about a dozen scenes in this movie? It's a bit difficult to explain, but I'll try. First of all, it's really very funny, contrary to what many "official" magazines want you to believe. But again, it depends entirely on your sense of humor, so it's useless to argue about it. Humor is often in dialogue, and often it's a situational comedy. There is, for example, this very hilarious scene in which the four gang members were transported to the back of a truck. When the farmer drops them, they stand right on the road, covered with cows or something else. They are totally upset; then, realizing the humor of the scene, they begin one by one to laugh at themselves, and Ruben Blades (as Carlos), having a horrible look (and certainly smelling), casually launches a mouth spray to make something about his breath describing the scene here makes me laugh again!). Which leads to the second point: the acting game. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (OK, the latter sometimes exaggerates a bit) are in shape and playing their roles well - in fact, you feel they have had to also have fun when shooting the film. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and scriptwriter, is very laid back; he takes his time to let the plot unfold and the individual characters establish themselves. More often than not, there is no real action, and yet you like these 4 very different people - who try to rob a bank although their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to show up - scold one against the other and even, reluctantly, reluctantly, like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical plot of a bank robbery - totally impossible with all its twists and coincidences, yet quite convincing in its love for ironic details. Incidentally, the film's title is one of the best I've ever seen, because it sums up the plot perfectly in a very ironic way. So follow my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not laugh, do not smile and do not smile during the first 10 minutes, forget it, it's not your type of movie. PS. The only negative point of this movie is that there seems to be no way to get the script. If you know how, tell me.
