I like this movie for several reasons. I have a soft spot for movies about complicated criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I also like movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL SUR MADONNA STREET) that parody the genre. One of the best is the UNORGANIZED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen met four times over the years, and he decided they could all be useful in a bank robbery he's planning in a small town in Montana. But he gave no details about the crime to the comrades, and they do not know each other at all. Shortly after he was sent, Bernsen was arrested by two police officers (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) from New Jersey, whom he had escaped before and who had an arrest warrant to bring him back. While he is under their care, the four people (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) present themselves without any idea of ​​the reason for their presence, unless Bernsen has planned something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deal with the slow habit of the four against two, while Gwynne and Philips manage to get rid of their own suspicions to realize that they must trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape O'Neill and Roebuck again - it's not too difficult, as it's not the brightest bulbs that have ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will continue to juxtapose throughout the film: the four against trying to understand what was Bernsen's plan and how to implement it, and Bernsen trying to stay free of his pursuers and regain his cabin (and I hope to find his gang to take orders). There is also a third, smaller plot, involving the growing annoyance and anger of local sheriff Hoyt Axton against New Jersey idiots who keep getting into each other's hair. <br /> <br /> The film contains many enjoyable moments, like Axton, prompted by O'Neil and Roebuck, to surround a house in the city in which Bernsen is supposed to hide, and to shout (through a megaphone "Come out, we'll surround you !!", only to rock the stage in a huge Montana plain where Bernsen struggles and stumbles miles away from the police he thinks he is at. misfortunes of our four cons, who happily put the oldest (Gwynne) at the head of the party.This does not always guarantee anything.At a time, their car does not start and they must move in a truck. Unfortunately, this is a truck carrying manure. <br /> <br /> The finding with the gang steals successfully, including the deactivation of all police cars at the critical moment (the cars are the specialty of Philips) is also a jewel of timekeeping, e suspense and comic results. The movie is very entertaining and definitely worth watching.
