I saw this film for the first time when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I could not watch it until the end because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought it on DVD, because I remember that I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is really not an ordinary horror movie. It has some elements of horror but I class it rather as fantasy. I liked it but I was hoping for a little more horror and fright. Especially the scene when Anna's father enters the store trying to kill her is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now, let's move on to the plot. This film is about a girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie in bed because of her high height, she begins to finish drawing a house - the paper store. When she falls asleep, which often happens strangely at once, she finds herself near the house in a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly like the one she designed and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day, she takes a boy home to talk to him. As she forgets to stretch her legs (because he is sitting behind a window), the boy can not walk. Later, the doctor tells him that a boy is also suffering from this strange disease and she realizes that with the boy she drew, she also dragged this boy into his troubling dreams. She also notices that it's getting harder and harder to wake up from her dreams. As her father often misses her abroad, she trains her father in the house. She makes a mistake and her father looks very angry on the board. She tries to give him a hand but realizes that she can not change anything already drawn. And the next time she falls asleep, the horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because she was deceived to call her "invalid") and tries to get into the paper store and kill Anna and her friend. His dreams have become a terrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill her father and Anna can finally wake up. Than Anna finds herself at the hospital where her parents are sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought she had fallen into a coma or so. They tell Anna that the other boy is dead and that they want to go to the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna draws a watchtower and notices that the same watchtower is near the hotel they visited. She runs to the watchtower and meets the boy (I just do not mention his name because I do not remember that and I do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say goodbye to him and forget those terrible dreams forever. <There was something I did not understand in the movie. First of all it was the end that I do not like at all. I think it's too long while the main part of the film becomes a bit too short. How does the boy pilot a helicopter and speak to Anna when he is supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated this scene so stupid for me. This almost ruined the main horror scene. <br /> <br /> What I liked is the scene with the picture of Anna's father, which was the first real scene of horror and dread. I liked the boy. The actor was great. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna is trying to get her father out of the painting while she is sleeping and looking for her in the trash. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good movie. I give it a 8 out of 10.
