My name is John Mourby and here is the story of Paperhouse: In May 2003, I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psychopath. I was very scared and deeply troubled. I started a frenzied search for a scary movie in the same way. But none was satisfactory. Among those who have proven themselves are The Birds, The Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, The Blair Witch Project, Ring, The Evil Dead, The Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, The Massacre Massacre Chainsaw Texas, Halloween, In the Dark, Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, General Witchfinder, Friday the 13th and The Omen. This should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I discovered Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a book I own called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse was also featured in some of the books I found in horror movies, but they did not tell me about the book-movie link. I discovered the truth on the Internet, I bought the movie later in the day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse would not be true to the book and dull. Unfaithful it was certainly, but certainly not boring. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne is renamed Anna in the film but most of the original story is identical. One day at school, Anna draws a house in her notebook (she has nothing remarkable), then she gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep, she finds herself in front of a scary old house (and I mean really annoying). Plus she also discovers that each time she adds something new to the drawing, she appears in the dream world, for example an apple tree. Anna draws into the dream world a rather sad boy, named Mark, who is apparently a real world person. Mark is crippled but wants to leave the house. Anna draws in a lighthouse (a place to go) but the problem remains, but Mark can not walk. So Anna decides to attract her father. She takes out her pencil and works too hard, but the result is distorted and disturbing, Anna particularly hates her eyes. Quote "he looks like a madman". So Anna tries to rub it and start again, but the pencil is indelible (that means nothing can be erased). So Anna gets carried away and crosses her father's eyes! I also let you discover the terrible consequences of this thoughtless action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British answer to A Nightmare on Elm Street! Watching this film left me shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is, what is the dose compared to Psycho? Answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 a real shock, 4 and a very scary music.
