Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that vanishes and is lost in a world of her own creation. A dark world she drew with a sad little boy as a resident of an old mansion in the middle of an isolated field. Missing in detail, much like any child drawing the house and his inhabitant Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not draw his legs) are inhabitants of this world of purgatory / limbo. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more often, trying to understand what is happening and at the same time trying to save the boy, but his fever makes it more difficult for her to wake up every time and can not only kill, but trap her. and Mark there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It's a good word to sum up Paperhouse, poetic and haunting by Bernard Rose. A film so simple that it is almost impossible to explain and forget. Although you can find this puppy in your horror section, it's all but that. It is more of a serious fantasy, led by an expert and exceptionally well played by his actors, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet, it's not a children's movie either, but meant to remind us of those carefree days of the past that are nothing but dark memories. Rose creates a rich atmosphere of bad mood that creates a thrilling backdrop for the brilliant story and the great actors with whom to play. Paperhouse does not try to explain its more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here. Paperhouse likes to play games with the minds of viewers, training you with its own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was impressed by the power of the film until the final, which left me with a smile and a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> Visuals of Bernard Rose are brilliant here. It is capable of creating a terribly dark atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but overall is much larger than the sum of its parts. The role of the young Charlotte Burke in this first feature film is also impressive. Unfortunately, she has not been on the screen since. A well-deserved reward from Burnout Central only seems appropriate for this performance. Towards the end, the film drags a little here and there, but I could easily neglect it. I would have liked them to take a darker turn by creating a much more powerful finale that would have proved all the more disconcerting and truly captivating. The film as such is always a book and deserves to be seen by any movie lover. It is a poetic ride told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which there is much to ponder and much more to rent.
