The Vestron company I miss, they have certainly put the finger on the pulse of the unique and unusual cinema of the 1980s. It is very obvious with the astonishing Paperhouse, a film that touches me every time I look at it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl manipulating a dreamlike world with her drawings (so dreamlike world manipulating reality), and also to connect with and affect the life of a boy that she does not has never met, is fascinating and never disappoints. At first, Charlotte Burke seems rather early and yet you warm it up because being a little mischievous, it is difficult for adults to believe what she lives. She becomes very self-conscious and strong towards the end, even if she finds that she does not "hate boys" as she said so provocatively at the beginning. Thanks to this, we are treated with many touching moments and some immensely scary, all visually stunning with a superb score by Hans Zimmer. I'm pretty proud to be the owner of the soundtrack of a CD when it was released in the United States on RCA Victor. At the time of writing, there is still no DVD Paperhouse available in the United States (only in Europe), I hope that one of my wishes will come true because I really cherish this beautiful film and a DVD of this movie would be welcome! It is satisfying to see the girl working on her thoughts as a puzzle game trying to make the world of her dreams work for her and her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers are doing a wonderful job from the beginning. I find Amazon.com's editorial commentary on the fact that "playing the lead role" is pretty disconcerting - I found all aspects of Paperhouse exciting. Even in small bright scenes, as when Charlotte and the girl in the class look through the glass of a door, it's pretty powerful. <br /> <br /> There is no need to be a type of artifice Enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who loves a movie that stimulates and wants you more. There is enough in this film to invite repeated viewing and I am always impressed by the cinematography and the sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details to assimilate and savor. A very moving experience indeed. <br /> <br /> There are many films that I love, but only a few touch me emotionally: films such as Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many dreks parading in the form of movies that will be easily forgotten and placed in bargain boxes, all I have to do is look at Paperhouse and my faith in a wonderful narration is renewed.
