This film opened to bad projections during the first weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and the crowds began to roll. Songs from All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN, were played so often that I was fed up with the time, recognizing their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all these years. It was because the marriage was very unfortunate and Kamal Amrohi was also struggling to find the money to make the film; looking at the sumptuous sets and costumes, not surprising !! Not only does Meena Kumari get old and sick, she listens attentively to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN has a younger voice than the 1950s while re-recorded songs like Chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I only wish someone finds Ghulam Mohammad's songs that are not included in the film, because of changing fashions that require fewer songs, even slightly, and publish them. In a recent interview (2007), Lata called Ghulam Mohammad one of the best composers she has ever worked with, other than Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also note that you hardly see the actors in Chalo Dildar's songs, which is very unusual. There is only a brief glimpse of Raj Kumar from the middle and we only see the back of the supposed Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi created a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Any other movie, this song would have had close-ups of both. <br /> <br /> As for the best movie of all time, please tell me. This means that you missed a lot of Indian cinema, in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (earlier versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay Baba, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. And if you give more importance to music than to history, the list will simply expand with beautiful scores of Barsat Ki Raat in Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker : the list is really endless! <br /> <br /> Then enjoy Pakeezah but do not miss anything of the above ...
