Emilio Miraglia's debut feature, The Night Evelyn came out of the grave, was a superb combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second film is even better! The Giallo side of the equation is more present this time, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror style that was the charm of the previous movie. Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot this time around. This is the typical labyrinth of Giallo, with characters everywhere and red throws launched every few minutes. This is a definite bonus for the movie, however, as it can sometimes be a little confusing; there is always enough to hold the public interest and Miraglia's narration has improved since his first film. The plot begins with a scene in which two girls argue, before their grandfather explains the legend behind a rather sinister picture in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman called "The Red Queen" who, according to legend, comes back from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murders begin to happen ... <br /> <br /> Even though he has only two Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. It is obvious that the red color is important for him, because it occupies a predominant place in the two films. and he seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He also loves castles, gothic ambiances and elegant murders - which suits me perfectly! Miraglia may not be a Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but he certainly knows how to bring down an assassination in his film; and here we have delights involving a Volkswagen ladybug and a death on an iron fence that is one of my favorite death scenes of all time, Giallo. Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti lead a beautiful cast of ladies who are not afraid to undress! Bruno Nicolai's score is catchy, and although it does not contain much psychedelic rock heard in The Night, Evelyn Came Out of the Grave; it's fine with the movie. The end is a little disappointing, because although Miraglia has improved the Gothic atmosphere, it seems more than in a hurry and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. Nevertheless, it is a deliciously entertaining Giallo and I highly recommend it to fans of the genre!
