Finally - I finally arrived and managed to see a clean copy of Pakeezah! Until then, in the 90s, Dubai TV was recorded only in a jerky and jagged version, with unusual English subtitles, a dizzying widescreen cover and a fluid color with a spirit all its own . After thinking of the world of such a poor (and short) copy, I found that the proper copy was well worth the wait and that the remaining 140 minutes were even more enjoyable than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> Meena Kumari's film was planned end-to-end and, I believe, planned from 1958, until finally realized in 1971. What a pity that chronic alcoholism eventually killed her shortly thereafter, and she was too sick to play in some scenes at Pakeezah, requiring a duplicate of the body. In some scenes, the tension is clearly visible on his face. <br /> <br /> The story of purity versus adversity I can only treat as a fiction having no experience of what is very close, but I understand well to portray a world faithfully now gone that was to be common at one point in India. It's a sparkling and colorful film with a simple relentless epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that simultaneously feels good at the same time. But for me, it is the incomparable gold music of Ghulam Mohammed performed by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and his role in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so remarkable. I have rarely heard of such serious, beautiful, poetic music, marvelously sung and played on a film soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain is perhaps my favorite musical, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - but Lata said that the songs themselves did not mean anything special. The only regret is that Mohammed Rafi, also one of a kind, only had the song at home, although it is a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> That's why Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, shot at a time when the Westernization of India was picking up speed and now watched when Western values ​​seemed to be state-sponsored . of rigor. At the very least, look at Pakeezah for a taste of what Indian pop music has to offer the world before everything is jettisoned for drum machines, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
