Fever Pitch has many clichés we've learned to identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: a relationship between two people with little in common, the secret he hid that she discovered, the inevitable breakup and the audience itself ?? well, I will not go further but you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball like me, although I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher played by Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a Nick Hornby novel by experienced screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a longtime fan of the Boston Red Sox whose uncle gave him season tickets to the age of seven and he was quite emotionally stuck at that time. life to the detriment of his relations with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "fanatic" who travels every winter to Fort Meyers, Florida, to attend the Red Sox's spring training matches, and never misses a home game during the regular season. . His family is not made up of parents or siblings but group companions who attend every game with him and his bedroom is not a place to sleep but a Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls in love with a business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with having to grow up but Ben is not quite ready to do it. He would rather attend the Yankee series than accompany him to Baltimore to meet his parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. His relationship is about to dissolve, so he needs to think about his priorities, especially when a Dr. Phil Wannabe the size of a pint asks him: "You like the Red Sox, but do not they have you? never loved in return? " Although the principle of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (perish thinking), you would never know how things are going. Of course, for all those who know the history of the Boston Red Sox, this is a team that will break the hearts of its most ardent fans - but we are in 2004, the year of the end of the curse of Bambino. as the Red Sox move to a new level, Ben could do the same. The two main performances are excellent and the Farrelly Brothers even manage a pretty crude gag. Although Fever Pitch is never confused with an artist's film, it is a joyous boil that must remain one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays !.
