I must admit that I entered Fever Pitch with low expectations. It's not a big revelation for me to say that Jimmy Fallon's latest movie (Taxi) was bad for Catwomanly, and that the Fever Pitch trailers went well, but did not fascinate me. I was already preparing baseball games for my review ... <br /> <br /> "I like Jimmy Fallon, but Taxi went on strike in his film career. Well, we are now two thousand years old like this! " Another strike, and we are back to SNL! "or" Buy peanuts and crackers, but do not buy tickets for Fever Pitch. You'll be out of the theater and never come back! "Then, the movie had to be a lot more fun than I expected, but hey, I could not let my puns get lost, no? I thought the movie would not interest me, it's because I hate the Boston Red Sox, my whole family hates them, the simple mention of the name of Pedro Martinez sends me to the bathroom Oh boy, wait .. Okay, I'm back in. Anyway, my mother, who's a fan of the St. Louis Cardinals, still believes the World Series has been rigged last year, she refuses to believe that the Sox won it legitimately, but I'm man enough to admit that Fever Pitch made me sympathize, if only slightly, with the fate of the Red Sox fans All those who have a passion for the sport will be able to understand that movie at a certain level. Having a favorite sports team, you can not fully understand the extreme ups and downs that a fan like Ben from Fallon can cross. There is nothing more fresh than the smell of a new season and nothing as smooth as a blank slate. Well, figuratively. It's the joy of being a sports fan. "Wait until next year" becomes your mantra, your motto, your prayer - and Fever Pitch effectively captures this essence. <br /> <br /> I like the fact that the film takes a fictional story and throws it against the tide. the real life of the unlikely World Series of the Red Sox contested last year. I do not like her as long as I want to marry her, but you know what I mean. I was expecting it to be treated in a rather old-fashioned way, and even if the humor is a little ridiculous, it's actually quite realistic. <br /> <br /> You see, Ben's uncle took him to his first Red Sox game when he was 7 and at his death, he left both his subscriptions to Ben. Ben has not missed a match in 23 years. At the start of each season, he has a draft day during which he and his friends meet to determine who can attend which games with him. He makes everyone dance for the Yankees games and every time someone complains, he threatens them with tickets to the Royals games (sorry, Mr. Shade) and the Devil Rays. It's a very good scene, and it works so well because I know people who make the "day of writing the ticket". I must also admit that I can understand when Ben goes to dinner with Lindsey and his parents. The Red Sox play a road game, but instead of watching it live on TV, Ben decides to record it. One of the most dangerous things in life is to record a game, then be in public and avoid hearing the result. Was there. It is a very tense and frightening situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the danger zone when a guy comes to the restaurant and mentions watching the game. Ben immediately covers his ears and starts screaming like a banshee not to hear the result. Lindsey is embarrassed and her parents do not know what to think. Yes, sports fans can be weird, I do not deny it. But it's real. <br /> <br /> Now, if you expect the raw and nervous material for which the Farrelly brothers are known, you may be disappointed. They have their moments though, like when Ben says he likes the way Lindsey sometimes talks off the side of his mouth "like an adorable victim of a stroke", but overall it's definitely a side softer and more romantic than the brothers put in scene. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that the film becomes a little too dark. Fortunately, when the sap begins to flow a little, the Farrellys know when to go away. A romantic moment with Lindsey jumping on the field and running to Ben to declare that his eternal love for him turns into Ben's sincere response: "You must tell me about the outside field." Is it spongy? Jimmy Fallon proves that with the right material, he can take care of himself on the big screen and Drew Barrymore remains a constant source of charm for the romantic comedy. Fever Pitch is just a solid entertainment that takes a fresh look at the genre of romantic comedy. It's a movie that guys and girls can relate to. Especially the guys who practice sports fanaticism at a time of year and the women who have to deal with it. <br /> <br /> Now, if the Red Sox fans could shut up, I beg you, of the "Curse of the Bambino" I would appreciate it. My Memphis Tigers have NEVER won the NCAA Basketball Championship. I formally declare that my situation is more serious than yours. <br /> <br /> THE GIST fanaticism in general should consider taking a look at Fever Pitch. I would not want to rush to see him at the first available moment, but it will make a great morning. <br /> <br /> Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
