Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town in search of his ex-wife and the news of his daughter. Although he finds it, the chances of reconciliation are very slim. While here, the sheriff and the important city-dwellers discover Tollinger's reputation as a specialist in pistol weapons. While they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who takes away the city little by little, they organize a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its elements unsavory. <br /> <br /> Man With The Gun seems to be either a forgotten piece or a very under-sighted piece. As I write this, it has a little over 200 votes and 9 comments ridiculous users. It's a shame on one or the other of the scores because, even if the production values ​​indicate that it is a Western type B film, it is an excellent entry into the western genre. That the play takes on the theme of the rather classic plot of a harangued city turning into a vengeful black angel, probably did not make the film favorable over the years, I myself read the synopsis and j I thought it was just another similar theme. pictures. Still, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark and dramatic image that presents many enjoyable moments, both technically and historically. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the lead, like Tollinger, the perfect cast, he strides forward in the picture, as a threatening threat. We often talk about the presence on the screen of John Wayne and Charlton Heston {rightly so of course}, Mitchum is among the best. A sequence here sees him standing in the shadows in the back of a room while a meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel this piercing brood watching us! The rest of the cast is also in Mitchum's shadow, so it's really only with the big man that the film's acting skills are high. Maybe it's unfair to ignore Ted from Corsia for a kick, but the minor failings of Man With The Gun are with his villains, and unfortunately Corsia lacks any sort of naughty threat. The score of Alex North is extremely nuanced {Spartacus fans will certainly bite the ears} and the film of Lee Garmes is very impressive when you realize that the majority of this image was shot in the studio. Directed and co-written by the director for the first time, Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun has few surprises for the genre, but his tone is dark, violent and above all, very watchable. 7.5 / 10
