One day in May 1938, a huge gathering celebrating Hitler's visit to Rome serves as a backdrop to a love story between Antoniette (Sophia Loren) married to fascist (John Vernon) and Gabriel (Marcello Mastroianni). She is a boring housewife with several sons and is an unhappy homosexual loner who has been fired from the radio and chased by the fascists. She remained alone at home when her wife was to attend the historic celebration. Then, both develop a very pleasant relationship despite their differences. The film takes place on the historic encounter between Fuher Hitler and Duce Mussolini, as well as other authorities such as Count Ciano and King Victor Manuel III, describing the events by a radio voice that is sometimes irritating. <br /> <br /> It's a romantic drama realized with sense and sensitivity. A ruthlessly passionate novel between two conflicting characters. Beautiful performances by two professionals make this magnificent film a must-see. Of course, the judicious scenario of Ruggero Macarri and Ettore Scola is still interesting, elaborate and sentimental. Colorful and atmospheric cinematography of Pascualino De Santis. Emotional musical score by Armando Trovajoly with sensitive leitmotif. The film rightly wins the prize for the best foreign film awarded to the Golden Globes in 1978. <br /> <br /> The imagination of the director Scola extends to illuminate the limited scenarios in which the drama develops. His films usually take place on a few scenes and are semi-theatrical. For example: "Le Bal" (1982) illustrates the evolutions of society with the help of a French dance hall. 2) "Nuits de Varennes (1983), a staging is the scenario where meet an improbable group like Thomas Paine, Luis XVI and Marie Antoinette. who fled Paris 3) Revolutionary "family" (1987) all take place in the large and old Roman apartment of the family; and of course 4) "Una Giornata Particulare" or "A special day" where Loren and Mastroianni establish a wonderful relationship in their respective apartments and on the roof terrace.
