'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie whose title is so familiar that I thought I saw it more than once. Now that I have finally seen it, I am very happy. It's one of the best Italian films I've ever seen, with one of the most beautiful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, who plays in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2 ", both of the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes the time to present the characters and slowly develops a story in a special day, the day Adolf Hitler traveled to Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, Antonietta's neighbor (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, she is quite fanatical in her thoughts and he is no longer a member. The reason I will not reveal. The day all the people in their building, including her husband and children, went to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment. This is how the two men meet. Just before Antonietta went to see Gabriele, he thought of committing suicide, again for reasons I will not reveal. I will not reveal how the story develops from here, but it's what's going on between the two that makes this day so special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see it's a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at the beginning we do not know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She still likes attention. We see how she combs her hair to make it attractive. Loren also plays the scenes very well. We understand his questions, although we can not know exactly what his intentions are. The times when we discover their two secrets, if that's the way we can call it, is a great moment. The way the story develops from there is even more interesting, but I do not want to ruin it for you. It's a movie you should see. Great performances and beautiful cinematography, and the message he gives us is still valid.
