As has already been said, the best version of Homer's epic. Entirely shot in natural places of the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are strikingly blue, the islands are green and untouched. The clothes are made of linen, wool and fur, the decorations are stony and bare, everything is a little rough and primitive, a little what you will find in the Cacoyannis or Pasolini films, and that makes it all the more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and is largely supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life might have been like in the 10th century BCE. <br /> <br /> The pace is a little slow and austere, but the whole thing is so beautiful that you get in quickly. In fact, it is surprisingly close to Homer's original plot, if not the text itself. Ulysses does not appear before the first hour, the departure being centered on his son who is watching him. Then he suddenly appears lost in a storm, lands on the island of Phéaciens where the royal family takes good care of him. His adventures are told in flashback as a narration to his guests: the terrifying Cyclop, the magic world of Circe, the Hells, the Sirens, etc. He finally returns to his homeland, Ithaca, after 20 years, and everything ends dramatically with the murder. pretenders of his faithful wife Penelope. <br /> <br /> The story of the Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor for the difficulties of a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical performance of Greek tragedy like Penelope, but the most surprising is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu in the role of Ulysses. Really beautiful and totally convincing, it seems that the role was really made for him. Strange that he was never offered a role of this dimension later. Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) will also play the role of James Bond in "The Spy Who Loves Me", and plays Athena in the role of Michele Breton, who was also mentioned in the strange film "Performance "with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As it was 35 years ago, the series was in fact an innovation for its time, as the first major European co-production for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this mini-series in 8 parts on French television since 1974. I was then a child and, even if everything was in black and white, it left a very strong impression. All my life, I wondered if I would ever have the opportunity to see him again, because it was never broadcast on French television afterwards. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (all in a beautiful color). Via Internet. This is unfortunately only in Italian without subtitles, although the French and German versions existed at the time. I have never heard that there is an English version of this film because it is largely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it's a shame. If you ever have the chance to see this, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after that. That of Camerini in 1955 with Kirk Douglas is a classic sword like "the 10 commandments", but it is not as impressive and very short for such a complex story. Konchalovsky's 1997 film is a Hollywood fetish film, based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, very misunderstood and far from the story and atmosphere of Homer.
