No, it's not a continuation of the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after Ghim's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). He is also more faithful to the novels that inspired this wonderful series. This is why the characters (ie Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced and the story may seem slightly different from the one used for the OVA. (The booklet included in the game provides excellent answers to these questions, as well as various online sites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-episode TV series are devoted to the fateful battle of Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes present Spark, a blue-haired knight who identifies with Parn, and his motley crew who are trying to prevent Wagnard Dark Wizards from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> While it's not quite the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finale in which Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, does not it?), this TV sequel is always fun for fantasy fans. Although the animation is limited (and a step forward from the artistic series of the first LODOSS), this series of 27 episodes has its attractions. The fully realized characters, the captivating story, the magic, the romance and a superb soundtrack composed by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL all give a punch to this uneven fallout. <br /> <br /> While the dub has been criticized for one reason or another, I have generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dub. I had great hopes for the dubbing of CHRONICLES, realized in 1999-2000. For the most part, the English language track of LODOSS TV is of fair (if not stellar) quality; however, it has its share of problems. Much of the original cast that lent its English voice to LODOSS characters is back (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. By cons, the sound more mature Billy Regan, Parn, is a bit offensive. He does not do a bad job, but his voice seemed to resonate for the first eight episodes (which caused the immediate disassociation of some anti-dub fans), but by the time Spark and his company enter the scene, I found it less. boring. (I do not know if it's because he's improved or if it's grown on me.) Also, not all members of the FVO group have returned. Jayce Reeves emits only Wagnard (in a terrifying way) during an episode; He is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a rough turn, but still malicious (and the expected evil laughter). Cruise's Kashue, meanwhile, is too tired and he needs about five episodes to find his rhythm. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective of Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best dub voices come from new characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack - episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (voice of Pirotess in the OAV but also of Ryna voice with vulnerability and baseness as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which she finds herself as Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the distribution is certainly not terrible, but a bit more uneven than the OAV duo. Some are fine (Aldonova, Greevus), others dull (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and some are awful (in particular, Prince Reona's VA is too harsh and monotonous for a justice). <BR /> <br /> In fact, the lack of auditory continuity (some members of the cast get new voices for an unexplained reason at the time of the last episodes) is one of the problems of dub. Others include less memorable and more embarrassing dialogs, uneven timing and finally (I apologize in advance for fans of this) the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These interlaced and super distorted interludes at the end of each episode will amuse you or drive you crazy. I admit it, I first found that it was a major inconvenience, but they kind of grew after a while. (Also, there are hilarious lines, such as "I'm King Kashue, and it's my nightmare! I'm REALLY crazy!") These faults place dub for CHRONICLES just a notch below that for the OVA This results in an uneven English track summarized at best by "OK". <br /> <br /> If one wonders if the Japanese language track is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has advantages and disadvantages. Although some voices are less annoying than the English song, I found others less appealing than the English equivalents (in particular, the actress who plays Deedlit is nowhere as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). In addition, I should mention that the Japanese distribution is not identical to the OVA. As the series was made seven years after the original, all but one of the cast members (Sho Hayami) are replaced by new ones. Although they do a respectably good job, this can be a major nuisance for those who are used to Japanese OVA distribution. Show that everything in Japanese is not better than English, huh? CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT remains, despite its faults, a beautiful series that deserves to be maintained. It is not without its asperities and does not always match its predecessor, but there are enough positives to counter the negatives, making it a moderately pleasant fantastic Anime.
