In artistic terms, the 1970s were a very turbulent period. In literature and in the visual arts, it is the closing of a great period of creativity of fifty or sixty years which must be revived. In music, a decade has been considered by many as a weak point, because of rock and corporate disco. On television, it was a golden age for sitcoms, from The Odd Couple to the Mary Tyler Moore Show at M * A * S * H ​​of All In The Family, but it was even more of a reality. a period of creativity in all genres that saw the rise of American amateur directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These filmmakers wanted to make literary and artistic films for the general public, such as those that had become commodities in Europe since the end of the Second World War. Yet, the studios were trying to keep up, with social movies like we had not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the movies of the 1930s, actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring with The Dead End Kids), who dealt with social issues realistically, or as realistic as possible on a sound stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s was was mainly in science fiction movies, which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under the pretext of what was considered the most like an entertainment above the comic strip. There was a precedent for this approach, as many of the flying saucer movies of the 1950s dealt with the political spirit of the McCarthy era, including The Day The Earth Stood Still and Invasion Of The Body Snatchers. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly subverted the political conservatism of the time by integrating social issues into sci-fi contexts of his classic science fiction television anthology show, The Twilight Zone. Among the studio offerings of this era, let us quote the Silent Running, ecologically sensitive; George Lucas's first film THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which undermined communism and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the film's references are quite heavy and reflect the Arab oil crisis and creeping inflation at the time. Some potted strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rationed its colorful assorted foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, reputed to be made from "the finest underwater growth", just like rationing. gas of the time. Food-related riots are grim echoes of oil riots in many service stations in the year following the film's release. Overcrowding scenes and bodies, dead and dead, lying everywhere are still scary and influential. A later film like Escape From New York is an obvious offspring. The rest of the screenplay, written by Stanley R. Greenberg, is rather pedestrian and fairly classic for a dystopian film, but Fleischer and the director of photography Richard H. Kline fill the screen very well with interesting images and sounds. things in place. The use of soft, dimly lit, darkly filtered visuals adds a Stygian feel to the film's New York, almost like a colorized version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not fashionable, the film could really seem timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorn sneaks into the processing plant where corpses are turned into Soylent Green pads, both chilling and strangely less dramatic. In the end, Soylent's servants chase Thorn, but he survives long enough to tell Chief Hatcher the film's slogan. However, we do not know if that's enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted and proven by taking the easy way. Yet this fact, and its ambiguity, shows that the film does not recapture the dilemmas of its characters and that it has a much later depth, that better quality movies, sci-fi or not, do not have. That's also why Soylent Green is still a movie to watch.
