Document a documentator. It's a way of describing Keep the river to your right: A modern cannibal tale. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in the late 1970s traveled to places he had visited as field researchers more than 40 years ago, in West Papua and then in Peru . Tobias is a full-bodied character: a gay Jewish artist anthropologist who earns his living on a cruise ship and teaches amazed tourists the cultures for which he has gained deep respect and deep understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with the asmat people of West Papua and the Cannibal Amazonians of Peru, Tobias was haunted by what happened in these places and by the intimacy of his connections and relationships. Yet, Tobias's constant wonder and appreciation for the places he has known are admirable and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope to achieve and maintain such humility themselves. <br /> <br /> Tobias is a convincing subject for study, as the experiences he has experienced in immersing himself in these two tribal societies have profoundly transformed him. This film defies notions of morality and "naturalness" - for example. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch the scene of the graphic circumcision). When asked why he had engaged in some of the local practices that others would morally denounce, his non-critical nature posed the following questions: "Why not?" Who can say that the path of other cultures is good or bad? This little sleeper is a must watch not only for National Geographic types, but also for those interested in the art of documentary. This film shows what can be done in video. The editing provides a quiet revelation of Tobias' life that leaves you fascinated. Sometimes he despairs of having been pushed by the film crew to make the trip back, especially considering his age and his physical fragility. We can only congratulate ourselves that Tobias has allowed the tables to turn against himself, sympathizing perhaps with the desire to understand humanity and its place in the world. The filmmakers provide some moments of critical balance, presenting for example an anthropologist who thinks that Tobias has predetermined his discoveries (of homosexuality in this case) according to his personal interests. That said, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this man home for a hug. Move over the Queen River. It's the best hike I've done in a long time.
