The world of 1973 science fiction drama SOYLENT GREEN is what we could see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York City has exceeded 40 million in 2022. Overcrowding, air pollution, year-round heat waves and food shortages are the norm. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this food really made of? This question is at the heart of this somewhat dated but always intriguing film, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thorne, a New York police detective who discovered the murder of a corporate executive (Joseph Cotten). It turned out that Cotten sat on the board of directors of Soylent Corporation, the makers of all these food products that they must consume instead of reality. Heston does not consider it a murder in a garden, but that Cotten was dismissed for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly clever but clever "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and last cinematic appearance), and some timely reminders of what the world looked like. What Robinson discovers about Soylent Green shocks him beyond imagination. but before he could say all he knows to Heston, he himself was euthanized. And when Heston actually discovers the secret of Soylent Green ... well, this part has become immortalized in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional direction of the director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER, FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather dark but stimulating look on a dystopian future that humanity could live if we do not repress our tendency to strip our planet of its natural resources. In fact, it was a project that Heston himself had planned to shoot in 1968, after winning gold in the genre of science fiction with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is probably lost when his ultra-conservative political philosophy is under discussion (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a treat for unbridled capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the accomplished professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is euthanized (while watching a better-looking world video on Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg's music) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from strong support from Chuck Connors (as a compelling heavyweight), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior) and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman trying to help Heston in his surveys. <br /> <br /> It must be easy these days to reject SOYLENT GREEN to be dated. But those who do it must think twice; because the world of this film risks becoming our reality if we do not look at what we do with what we have today.
