Like all the green films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather old-fashioned view of what ecological fusion is. Overcrowding means there are too many people to feed? I had the impression that famines were caused by war or the failure of economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions of people dead because of famine, and the most tragic tragedy of man was Mao's rural policy in China, which caused more than 30 million deaths. died by hunger in the 1950s. And let's not forget the great famines in the Horn of Africa in the 80s and 90s, related to conflicts and not to overpopulation. You may also want to consider that two of the most densely populated areas of the planet, Hong Kong and Macao, have never suffered from the famine of modern times. Similarly, the expansion of slums around cities is not strictly linked to overpopulation: it is economic factors that drive people to go to cities to find better paid work than in the countryside ( this is a symptom of too much birth progress), the image of the streets of New York being too crowded to circulate and the fact that people sleep in the stairwells is a little laughable <br /> <br /> But do not be fooled into thinking that SOYLENT GREEN is a pile of shit tree kissing shit because I consider it to be the best ecological film of the 70's. It plays on the contemporary world's knowledge of the public where Sol and Thorn are delighted to find fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn gasps astonished at having ice cream in his whiskey, puffs of cigarette and delivers the classic phrase "If I could afford it, I would smoke two, maybe three a day". But it is the face of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable as Thorn looks at images of wild animals, flowers, running water and snow-capped mountains, a world the Thorn generation did not never known. This is a very haunting scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable film, combined with the fact that it presents the latest appearance on the screen of Edward G Robinson in the role of the old wise Jew Jew Sol Roth
