"The Garden of Allah" is an excellent example of "popular women's literature", turning in the style of the twentieth century, combining the power of unbridled erotic and exotic reveries with the stimulating shimmer of false mysticism and the sadomasochistic bite of Catholic guilt . Just as Jane Eyre could only be really happy when her castle had burned around her and her lover was permanently mutilated for her sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find the true fulfillment in her marriage until that his lord husband was taken for the murder of his first wife (and his castle burned around him), or poor Psyche, who could not remain alone enough and had to extract at any price the secret of Cupid Domini, the pious Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe, can only find the true sexual realization by inadvertently marrying a man who has given up his sacred religious vows. Like all these stories to stimulate the reader and induce the vapors, it relies on the oldest tricks of the book: fundamental misunderstandings and inability to express his true feelings in the right place and at the right time until it's too late. The logic is that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be spoiled as long as one is willing to pay the high enough price for the expiation of the last act. This is Paul Claudel reduced to the standards of beauty salon magazines. Oh well ... It could have been a lot worse and often ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious connotations, the plot of the movie is that of your basic porn movie: A monk overused, crazy by abstinence, escapes the desert where he has some rollers in the dunes with a romantic, well-made but naive Catholic heiress before returning to his monastery, all his past passion, leaving her to clean up his mess. And I'm really opposed to the comparison of another commentator with Anatole France's "Thais", a sophisticated novel whose purpose was to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which appeared in the opera of same name Massenet, thankfully. <br /> <br /> But what makes this image unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism is of course the huge constellation of talents gathered under one banner to make this wet and cinematic dream a reality. life sparkling and vibrant. A Technicolor photograph imperishable that will survive us all, a truckload of worthy characters (including a cute dog), a score of Max Steiner who seems determined to make the "composite film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically, had a little in the silent version of 1927), still dreaming, sometimes resonating at the edge of dissonance but always returning in a splendid lyrical and symphonic exoticism, a dreamlike atmosphere where material considerations are not an object, the characters travel magically from one place to another, the dialogue is sparse, vague and suggestive, the artistic direction is close to celestial, floral compositions appear in the most humble hut or tent, the wardrobe of the heroine is inexhaustible and all the male characters are aristocrats, saints, condemned but horny sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM presentation on DVD of this film is devoid of substance, but impeccable. The bit rate is very high in all cases, the recording of colors is almost always perfect and the 2.0 mono sound really does justice to the score of Max Steiner and Boyer's second-to-last confession. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this type of subject ": The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by" The Garden of Allah ", directed" Carnet de Bal ", where a very similar clothing - a horse-garment butter-does not want to melt in her mouth the heroine (widow after taking care of a sick husband in the exotic remoteness of a villa at the edge of a lake, incredibly romantic) wants to find out what she missed by looking for the male dancers in her first dance book, and she finds them all in time, only to realize that any feelings she had at some point between her and her were either misunderstood, overrated, or had tragic consequences all his life - it was a cynical way for Duvivier to remind us to be wary of incredibly idealistic notions and that we should all grow up sooner or later.
