I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. This is not a strictly biographical film; he is "loosely based" on the facts. But I found it a fascinating and disturbing exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable pictures in this movie; Petiot traveling at night like a vampire, his black cloak flying behind him, is almost emblematic. There are also several keys to Expressionism - Petiot's crooked silhouette climbing up the stairs leading to the cellar where the butchery remains of his victims await cremation, reminds me of certain scenes of "Nosferatu". <br /> <br /> But I found the main appeal of this film to be auditory. The soundtrack is loaded with disturbing sounds, starting with the threatening music of opening credits, accompanied by moans without words. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops. There is a persistent background noise from sharp knives somewhere, and a peddler playing strange tunes on a saw. There are also sounds of animals - the janitor is screaming a goat, invisible cats - and later in the film we see unfortunate cattle being driven into an underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with nuances of violence and massacres. <br /> <br /> We often hear not only animals, but also human voices - the cries of the Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in his waiting room, watched by a listening device, all as alleged collaborators after the war are monitored in their cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged so that we can hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to Mrs. Kern's house, we hear her singing while she works, her voice resonating in the theater even before she sees it . And even when she appears, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling her husband, who talks about it. The disembodied voices resonate in the big halls and their owners, when they are seen, are photographed from a distance. We can not see them talking. It's a ghost story, and it's the voices of ghosts - many of whom are Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; his scary laughter echoes as he pulls out of the camera, throwing comments behind him or in the air to anyone. In a way, he is as much a ghost as those he murdered. He is always very busy, rushing from meeting to meeting, never to rest. But his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. It is interesting to note that, among all the horrors and dangers of occupied Paris, Petiot alone is not afraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike those real people whom he seduces by their death. It is not surprising that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including a machine with perpetual motion (true detail of the book, he claims to have invented many machines); he himself is a kind of machine with perpetual motion. And mechanical images are omnipresent in the film, from the giant opening wheel of the cinema room to Petiot's bike (with its creaky wheels echoing the sound of sharp knives), passing through the Victrola, it continues to play music before killing. . Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise you before leaving, you need a vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a machine well oiled, the routine is always the same, just as the minutes are always the same. <br /> <br /> The author, Maeder, claims that it was the perfection of the movement of his crimes that weighed so heavily against Petiot during his trial. Its system was as fluid and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, and it is perhaps for this reason that the film invents a secondary plot of Petiot's participation in the French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, this does not really work in the story, because it's very hard to understand what Petiot is doing for staff or what happens when they get to their seats in the middle of the night. Layout of the bodies? Hide stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; it is unlikely that the state will turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of the wicked. Petiot is a thief and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs and that Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also love the fathers and men of the family, so we must recognize that Petiot could commit indescribable horrors and function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the war situation in Paris; when murders, robberies and disappearances occur all around, nobody pays attention while Petiot throws more corpses on the pile.
