I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved that, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of Mount Everest's mountain peaks. Now, this kind of thing is usually not to be missed. Inspiring. Moving. Pretty standard, right? And even if the film was only that, I would have liked anyway. But it was so much more. Germany's Sabriye Tenberken herself created a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as proof that a person has done wrong in a previous life. Many children in school have been shunned for life and at best a burden to their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to visit his students. Instead, he proposes a plan. He will organize an expedition to allow them to climb 23,000 feet from Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six volunteer participants and that's when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik's team is mainly American, mainly male, and mainly visual. Experienced mountaineers, they are very gung-ho type A and goal-oriented personalities. Sabriye is European, feminine and blind, and her students are more than a "project", however well-intentioned it is. In addition, students are Tibetan and do not have the age or confidence to defend themselves. As the expedition unfolds, they become pawns between the two adult "parties" wanting to please both, while wanting to gain the confidence that derives from their achievements. As an additional obstacle (except being blind), they speak English as a second or, in most cases, a third language, and have trouble understanding and being understood. <br /> <br /> Apart from the fact that none of the students had climbing experience and that some are much more coordinated than others, it begins to unravel Erik's original plan for they all reach the summit together. As students and teachers begin to suffer the effects of high altitude, one must decide whether to continue or send mountain. Among the effects of high altitude, there is increased irritability, and you can see how it fuels the conflict between adults. At the risk of over-simplification, there is on one side those for whom the destination is everything, and on the other hand those who simply want to enjoy the trip. I will not tell you how it will be, except that it will be one of the most surprising and stimulating stories I have known for a long time. <br /> <br /> The movie also braids the story of each climber in the story, and it was badly needed, since once in the climb, children tended to keep their heads down and closed mouth. With all the drama that surrounds them, that was not surprising. The stories are in turn charming and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange to find myself closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. It was contrary to my expectations and another good surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama to be covered, director Walker and her small group have had to cope with icy, oxygen-deprived conditions, dragging equipment into the mountains and hoping that he would not break down. As with all major documentaries, the filmmaker was fortunate enough (or smart enough, or sufficiently prepared) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captured a very special story that says as much about the people who want to do "what is best for children" as for the children themselves.
