There is an episode of The Simpsons that contains a joke report that refers to an army training base as a "Killbot factory". Here, the comment is just part of a joke, but the documentary Patricia Foulkrod shows us, in a frightening way, that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US military decided to tackle the problem it faced throughout the war; that many soldiers entered the battle and found themselves totally unable to kill another human being unless it was "me or them". Since then, the training process of the US military has consisted of eliminating all moral scruples and transforming recruits into killing machines that do not consider combatants as people. Develop in them a state of the most unnatural: "The lasting desire to kill". <br /> <br /> First of all, it's not an anti-war movie as such. Although the war is certainly frowned upon, Foulkrod focuses instead on an aspect that does not receive as much media attention as, for example, the debate over the legality of a war or its successes or physical failures; the effect that the process of transformation from a man to a soldier has on that person as a human being. It is the paradox that training a soldier in the defense of society makes him totally unfit to be part of that society itself. While most of the examples and interviewees are from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod is making connections with past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It is not a war in particular, but problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three parts; how recruits are trained in the army and the training they receive, how they are treated once in combat and what happens once they have left the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main target of this film is actually the policies inherent to the armed force, which are put in place to turn soldiers into an emotional fighting force, while removing all humanity from the people. Interviewees tell the camera how the recruiting process seems so simple and clear, how words like "democracy" and "freedom" are grouped together, but once the training has started, they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy". How, once in action, the soldiers do not worry about what they are ordered to do, because they are convinced that as soon as they execute an order, whatever it is, they are on the verge of go back home. They have no political or social ideal, but fight and kill as they are trained for. <br /> <br /> But the main goal of The Ground Truth is to shed light on how the US military rejects those who fought for their country after returning home. Returning soldiers are not truly rehabilitated and many are forced to return home, unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most policies in place seem to be ensuring that army has no legal responsibility for the psychological consequences of their actions. the soldiers pick up. This is the final indignity, once they are used, they are thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film, it's because Foulkrod is not trying to show the other side of the argument. You would have the impression that every soldier who went to war would return with post-traumatic stress disorder. It would have been interesting to see those of a ?? a less liberal education gives its opinion on how the military manages training and policies. The other part of the argument has no chance of making itself known. <br /> <br /> But aside from that, it's a high-quality documentary, and Foulkrod's use of screen and music footage is perfectly used to get a side of the war, which too often misses discussions on the fallout of the war.
