"Descent." Yeah. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful and scintillating since Bruno Dumont, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way, this movie should not be confused with another pretty recent photo on the theme of "empowering women," "THE Descent" (2005), directed by our friend of Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who also find to be a major player .. talent on his own.) But back to this "downhill", the NC-17 rated (uh-oh) effort on which the beautiful Mrs. Dawson takes the credit of a producer (congratulations) and Directed by Talia Lugacy (fort luck is not real name), as good as it is (in moments), it will not be appreciated by most lay people because the script is quite imperfect. As a producer, you really need to tighten this script. Of course, just on the spot, you have the promise of rising conflict, but there is still the task of accomplishing a rising conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this piece plays like an interesting experimental play. Well, I guess I'll let other people who have already commented here talk about his boredom, what happens in the second act - but find me a second act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22 which accompanies these quasi-independent films like "Descent", in which Rosario attaches and exploits its "renown identity" to bring a scenario into production which, in usual circumstances, would not be done at all while it is at the same time a bad idea of ​​the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is gorgeous and, apparently, you can photograph this girl from all angles all day long, but, oh, wow-wee, how fast does time go? Rosy is no longer an undergraduate student. This is part of the confusion about the scenario: "Is she a graduate student? A TA? No, graduate students do not really have that kind of scruples about football players, do they? not?" Again, if you're Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, this is one of many aspects of the professional filming process that you'll have to think about as you enter this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you do not know why your film does not convince you, let me tell you: there is a tide of boats and a host of bright, skilled, undergraduate talents ready to get involved in the business. . , who could have nailed this main character while looking in the most perfect way possible; but unfortunately without Mrs. Dawson - no honey, no money. I must say that the camera department has done a remarkable job, however, because this film is really well shot (that is, it is on) in all its dark, dreamy darkness. The nightclub scenes are beautiful. we can say that all these videos begin to bear fruit and that the game continues with time ... The filming / framing is excellent, which makes the photo rewarding. <br /> <br /> "The descent" is good, not great. However, I have the impression that thanks to NetFlix, this movie will find its own life. I hope this group continues to make films. If you like experimental American cinema, cinematographic images of well-trained middle school boys or young men in your early twenties, or if you're a university student, just be angry at aggressive young men from the hormonal view. less than half of your American university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" could be your RockaRoll fragrance.
