I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was there. I sat down to watch with my boyfriend and 6 minutes into we were glued to our seats. Not because of the intensity of these 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no lame liners; movie. It has slowly led you to a tragically human destiny. Some people think they like movies, but unfortunately they are wrong. They like movies. senseless entertainment for entertainment alone. The Michael Bay Transformers and the like were produced for this audience. No need to think about people, just look at it and allow the stereotypes we can muster to slowly dissolve your brain. We will even place advertisements throughout the film to continue buying our products. And do not forget the explosions, we love all the explosions. Here, we make the distinction, art can be entertaining, but it also evokes reflection and moves you in a hidden way. Entertainment is rarely artistic and even then arbitrarily. The film is an entertainment. The descent is a movie. The film is an art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul in your meat bag device, this rape scene is just as powerful as "Irreversible". The distinction here is that "Irreversable" was a scene of violent rape involving two people whose paths unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell ensued. "Descent" refers to rape by a day. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. It is the violation of trust, profanation of the soul and deep scars. If the character "Maya" had agreed, it would have been a scene of hot sex. But since she was desperate to escape, the scene is disgusting. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial rapist, and it's quite disturbing because it's so closely related to a passionate love story. How could "Maya" ever be close to anyone when even violating it, the Jared's Slam Lover Boy facade only suggests slipping? She is ruined. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. The work of the camera and the lighting at times suppress the environment and focus everything on "Maya" and the silent operation of her mind. All this is accomplished by Rosario with a facial expression and a gesture. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My favorite scene is the synchronism of all these cinematographic aspects working together. "Maya" dancing in a sea of ​​crooked bodies, something inside her awakening, becoming aware, all set on a beautifully sad air of Jeff Buckley. <br /> <br /> I do not think I have messed up here, but I stop before me. In conclusion, I think it was the best movie of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so jaded nowadays that if you do not pirate, do not rape, do not rape or do nothing, people just can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. This is only the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas present, when you fasten your shoe; they haunt you. They haunt you until the last thing frees you. <br /> <br /> Indulge yourself. Take the challenge. Watch this movie
