First of all, it was a Brave movie. I have seen irreversible and I can understand the comparisons. However, I can not begin to understand the people who ransacked this film. I can see how the end could have been extreme, but I would be lying if I did not say that I wanted all the guys who forced a woman to have sex to deserve exactly what Jared got. Conversely, it solves nothing and does nothing better and the fact that the film does not claim is what made me appreciate it. <br /> <br /> The commentary before the movie says pathetic and claimed no adult would stay with. I certainly and intensely. I'm 24 years old. The way the film hangs makes it realistic for me. People have become so accustomed to watching sweets and fast-paced scenes that if you ask them to focus too long on just one brick at the base of a movie, not only do they lose interest, but they demolish everything that was constructed. garbage. In reality, it is their lack of patience and understanding that needs to be refined and not the product of a creative mind like Talia Lugacy's. <br /> <br /> Rosario Dawson has perfectly demonstrated the numbness of self-destruction. I think she portrayed Maya before and after the assault with great ease and that the transition between the two is an act that I rarely see fit to do. Often, like the "teenager" films mentioned in the previous commentary, the effects of rape are portrayed as extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressed, isolated and lifeless. Dawson, in my opinion, manages to perform the balancing act of which many survivors are prey: a drone-like existence in the hours of waking, working in a dead end to survive (and distract), then by abusing vices to get rid of the fog of drug addiction rather than coping with what sobriety brings. I thought this film was telling the truth and I appreciated it for finally showing people another side of rape. So many people let the end of this movie devour the middle and the beginning ... I believe that Maya's face during the act was the end ... not the act itself ... nor the revenge nor the meaning that underlies it ... just his face ... <br /> <br /> thank you
