As Beatlemaniac, I approached Two Of Us with a mixture of fear and fascination. Having seen "In his life: the story of John Lennon", I was very worried that Two Of Us is not better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris do not look like John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with a little makeup and appropriate hairstyles? did not help a little. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. It's probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970 and who knows John and Paul so well, that the characters and the dialogue were as convincing as they were. . (The writing merit of Two Of Us is attributed to a man by the name of Mark Stanfield, of whom I know absolutely nothing, I am convinced that the director Lindsay-Hogg had a lot to do with the script.) Two Of Us is not a biography of the Beatles; In fact, it has very little ground and takes place in a day in New York. This presupposes a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is entirely fictional, of course ?? although it really can not be denied that such a meeting actually took place. But through this imaginary conversation, it gives us a glimpse of the personality of these two great musicians ?? their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to celebrity and, above all, their relationship; what made it such a good team and what dissociated them. <br /> <br /> Since this is a chat, there is not much to talk about between two characters for an hour and a half, it's boring. Beatles fans; but it is a fantastic text and story, both informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two giants of music, you will understand very quickly how different actors are from their counterparts and feel as if John and Paul had come to life ?? the scenario is so intimate and compelling and the actors so committed. Two Of Us gives you an inestimable insight into the life of two geniuses, as well as a sad and amusing story. Most definitely recommended.
