Georgi Danelia's Georgian film par excellence, Ne goryuy (1969), aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel by the French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "My Uncle Benjamin" The novel takes place in the 18th Century France campaign. The Great French Revolution is still ahead but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is the soul of the local society, an educated, friendly and democratic person who often treats the poor for free. This makes it very popular with the local population, but it certainly does not help for his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette who is also crazy about him but closely watched by his father who calls his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect his virginity until the signing of the marriage contract. .. I have never read the book and, from the description, it looks like a very charming French novel, but I am fascinated by the result of the moving of the characters and some elements of the eighteenth-century plot into France until the beginning of the 20th century, Georgia-Grusiya. I think it was Danelia who invented all the colorful and memorable characters who feel so comfortable in her native Georgia, Georgia-Grusiya, land of long and wonderful traditions, including Art of making and drinking wine, rare musical talent that all Georgians seem to possess unique humor and a high code of honor. When we watched the film last night with my husband, he said: what a great example of a film about art, and I agree so much with him. Do not Grieve is a perfect, visually stunning, deep but fun art, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never arrogant and predatory but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness, full of Interest, irony and understanding for his characters slightly eccentric but very human. The most important thing is that the film is warm and sweet, it does not look at its viewers as some of the images of Art do. You do not have to be a movie buff to love, to live with, to smile with a sigh, to follow the young doctor Benjamin (the lead role in the movie Danelia of the lead role in a film of Danelia with the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with Danelia went on to make two more films, including one of my favorites, Mimino), during his trek across the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or be invited to a unique party where friends gather to celebrate the life of old Dr. Levan who wanted to be invited on his own wake, to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies in his death still in life and who chooses the color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the film, I thought it was a kind of film that Federico Fellini might have liked. I am not at all surprised to find the article on Danelia where he named Fellini his number one director. I also discovered that, according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors Leonid Gaiday (creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary that I do not have to present, adored the film of another Danelia, the fairy tale about the young American Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Do not cry while Fellini loudly praised it. I dare a little further and I suppose Maestro Fellini may have kept in mind some of the images and even the aura and atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he was in Amrarcord in 1973. Just one thought, because an essential element connects the two films. The two artists returned to their roots, to the places they love deeply, to the people they remembered, loved and wished to honor. Both movies have a lot of smiles through tears. Both films are art films that directly touch the hearts of viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He made some of the brilliant images of my favorite genre of dramedy, even funny and bitter tragedies, poignant and subtle, earthy and inspiring, sweet and brilliant. When I looked at the list of films he wrote / directed, I was amazed that I did not make a single bad movie since it started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a boy, Seryozha . Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as are her legions of fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972) who is an adaptation of Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) also named Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Don Do not Grieve Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979), also known as the Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, a very appropriate title for this film as well as for all the genre invented by Danelia and the favorite cult of more than 20 years. years old Kin-Dza-Dza (1986), is brilliant and deserves our true love and our sincere gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematographic happiness.
