It's a movie that has escaped me so far, but now that I've seen it, it appears as one of the major entries of the black style. As usual with the DivX format, viewing was far from ideal ?? troubled by occasional video and (mostly) audio problems? but, since the movie is still unavailable on DVD R1, it will have to be done for the moment. Given that the film's reputation is high enough in the genre itself, I guess this mistake is due to the fact that it does not have a well-known actor in mind. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the late entry of the film's star rated movie ?? Franchot Ton ?? packs quite a punch (especially as it is shown that the villain of the first)! Ton was an underrated actor ?? he was rarely given fleshy roles, and that is perhaps his best (making his paranoid both fascinating and incredibly dangerous). The chief woman ?? Ella Raines, who will appear later in BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as in THE SUSPECT (1944) by Siodmak and THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) ?? is quite adorable and cleverly assumes the role of clueless secretary to prove that his boss condemned (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the brutal murder of his wife. Thomas Gomez described other essential support elements as being the initially intimate but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? Fall guy par excellence of the genre ?? "woman man" unlucky with a percussionist. <br /> <br /> As Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was black at this stage of his career and this film definitely takes advantage of his superb direction? ? all the slanted angles and great scenery, including the well-known jazz sequence in which Cook beats the drums in a sexual frenzy caused by Raines (who takes a pretentious action to get his attention and drive him to the end of to confess that he had concealed from the investigation evidence that could bring his lover out of prison). Another big and long sequence is that in which Raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) on the streets of New York ?? which makes him mow by a car! <br /> <br /> The test sequence is also remarkable? which is fully described by the reaction of the public so that the judge, the jury, the witnesses and D.A. are never seen (although the judge's voice is that of the famous actor Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal in question, the inspector describing the latter as mentally insane, giving the "Tune" a "little headache". The thrilling climax finds Raines alone with Tone in her apartment, where she discovers evidence of her guilt ?? and he confesses to having an affair with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she did not want to give up her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I met a little blunder in the movie: The story unfolds clearly in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride, towards the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis escorts the incumbent to the theater? New York's founding cliché (clearly including archival footage) features a marquee promoting Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which he was founded using a pseudonym.
