Alan Curtis argues violently with his wife, gets out of his apartment, drinks a night with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (led by Andrew Tombes, in a nice neighborhood for the least staggering) and returns to find his dead wife and the police, led by Thomas Gomez, waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with this mysterious lady - fail because everyone he can think of (Tombs, Elisha Cook) claims that there has never been such a person. He finds himself without alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him), Ellen Raines, believes it. Convicted after a trial, he is awaiting a death sentence. Raines begins to come out after the truth, discovering that Gomez has his own doubts. She also finds an ally at Curtis' friend Franchot Tone, who was apparently out of town on the night of the crime. Will she clean Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great black writer Cornell Woolrich). As film fans know in other works by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT A THOUSAND EYES, REAR WINDOW, NOT A MAN), one can not assume anywhere that is true on the surface. The wife of a seller who has disappeared may not be in the north of the state, sending messages that she has arrived, if he still has his jewelry. Perhaps the mentalist is really able to predict the tragedy - or was he plotting the murder of his former partner, who is now a millionaire of oil? Has a leopard killed young women or the reclusive rich of the city hide guilty knowledge? Is the young woman who claims to be the wife of a brother killed in a train accident really an impostor? Here it is Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) who try to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one will admit to seeing - and if she saw it, why no one else can remember to have seen it? The problem with this story is really the personality of Curtis - he gives in too easily when he is convicted of the crime he did not commit. In fact, whoever is innocent would cry out when he was executed. However, to defend the collapse of Curtis, the same is true for other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. Douglas Dumbrille and his companions are so disgusted by the framing that he became delirious and angry, to the point of not defending himself at first, until the people who rely on his help shout their fears in the room audience and wake up. his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else would not care about Curtis. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow denouement of the lies by witnesses bribed by the real killer allows two staged for Raines with Tombs on a deserted elevated platform and Elisha Cook during a jazz session. Gomez proves more perceptive than the villain expects to check his alibi again. And the villain manages to keep a slight lead over Raines and Gomez until the last minutes of the film. If it's not such a great movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN, TWO-YEAR RINGER or THE MALTESE FALCON, it holds up pretty well until Curtis and Raines come together at the end.
