This film noir is perhaps not the most memorable film of the time, but it presents a mysterious intrigue, a black atmosphere and good performance from its lesser known actors. Robert Siodmak, the talented director of the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase' directed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film. It shows a real talent for creating a dark and dark atmosphere and an intriguing plot fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not like. One evening, he picks up a lady with a big hat in a bar and the two agree for a night of entertainment "without conditions". However, he returns home to find his apartment infested by police and quickly discovers that it is because his wife was strangled with one of his ties! He is dismayed that no one he has seen with the mysterious woman can remember her and, of course, the jury condemns him for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him, his beautiful employee has won ... <br /> <br /> The plot unfolds smoothly, and unlike most well-known blacks, this one includes some murders that make the whole procedure more interesting. In fact, if it was not the fact that it was made in the forties and shot in black and white, I'd swear that Phantom Lady is an Italian Giallo! The central characters are all quite interesting, with Alan Curtis describing the unfortunate victim well and Ella Raines being effective as an impromptu detective. The real success of the film, however, is Franchot Tone, which provides a memorable performance as a crazy villain of the play. The film also features a role for extraordinary actress Elisha Cook Jr, who plays the drums in the most memorable segment of the film. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed a little too early - although Phantom Lady deserves credit for the original way it was designed. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the incredible plot) and, overall, Phantom Lady is surely one of the biggest and most unknown ever created!
