I rated this film 7/10, which corresponds to an average of 8/10 for the scenario, the production and production values ​​of 1944 and 6/10 for the acting. My acting ranking was calculated at 4/10 for all the characters on the screen, with the exception of the one played by the heroine Ella Raines in the role of Carol Richman who was excellent at 8/10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as a Burgess inspector whose character convinces him that he does not personally believe that the guilty verdict against Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was just for his naive alibi. These two then form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this film on a DVD of "Suevia Black Film Cine Negro" in Spanish under the name "La Dama Desconocida" with the soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, because despite research I could not wait to see another performance by Ella Raines after being impressed by her performance as a heroine in "Impact" by playing the role of a single owner of garage.Here Ella performs another heroic role believing in the innocence of her chief engineer and refuses several suggestions of returning home to Kansas (surname of her chief) before solving the missing alibi.The fact that she being secretly in love with his boss is a bit hard to believe since he had formally appeared to have had a formal business relationship with her. He had, however, designed homes for children and playgrounds, so I suppose the "family man" had lit up in Carol's mind. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s with "film code" in operation, the producers could represent sex only through metaphors and do it here in the form of furious drums played by Elisha Cooke jnr .Carol presents herself as a girl of easy virtue to lure the drummer into giving him information about the alibi "The Phantom Lady". The other main character, Jack Marlow (an associate of Scott Henderson) is played by Franchot Tone, whose performance seemed too theatrical and I wondered why Carol, for example, had not noticed constantly. strangling He admired his hands. The scenario should have been improved and more suspensive as these theatrical movements telegraphed the plot too early to the public.
