The goal of any James Bond game is to give the player the feeling of realizing an ultimate fantasy: step into Agent 007's skin. "FRWL" is closer to that goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Liaison. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and lent his voice and portrait to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone who approaches his level of freshness. <br /> <br /> I must say at this point, like many others who have re-read this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not match her 30-year-old image on screen and you have to get used to it, but it is definitely worth it. He makes lines like "Bond ?? James Bond" and "Shaken, not remited" in a big deal yet. But to control Sir Sean while he attacks the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond says in "Octopussy", "only the tip of the tentacle". The geniality of the game begins with the opening of the barrel. This is the original canon of movies. Then you undertake your first mission by saving the blonde girl from the Prime Minister of Terrorism in Parliament. Everything from cars to clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly that of the original James Bond, until the classic rendition of the theme of James Bond, who finally plays at a key moment of the end of the game, when Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot follows faithfully the plot of the film "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to pick up a Lektor device from a Russian encryption employee who says he has a crush on him. In Turkey, Bond teamed up with the friendly acolyte Kerim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the damsel in distress and bring them back to London safely. Bond's screenwriter, Bruce Feirstein, worked on the screenplay and managed to make the game identical but different from the film. The characters in the film are all well recreated, but some are better than others. The imitators who express the wicked Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are strange. And there's a moment in the game where you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M and Q, who are alike and behave like in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What does this game do for miles In addition to Bond games, in addition to the voice and likeness of Sir Sean, there are two notable features in the game. One is the focus of the bonds . While you can send villains simply by locking them with a button and killing them with each other, pressing the button further will allow you to enlarge a target and choose one of the places that Bond will shoot on, by for example, a grenade attached to a belt that will send an enemy and some of his friends or a reminder rope that will plunge an enemy suspended in death. The other notable feature is the stealth and the scrum. When you're close enough, just press a button to shoot down an enemy with the brutal brutality that only James Bond, Sean Connery, displays. <br /> <br /> Bond, of Sean Connery, relies mainly on his spirit and raw talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they are good. The Q-copter is a remote-controlled helicopter capable of self-destructing and exploring areas that Bond can not reach, just like the Q-spider in "EON". The classic laser watch is useful not only to enter sealed rooms, but to send enemies when you have no other weapon available. The Sonic cufflinks and a serum gun are the most fun, but you have to experiment them yourself. Besides the gadgets, you can dress Bond with a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the film's gray suit, the standard black tuxedo, a retro stealth suit and this classic white tuxedo, all of which look exactly like they did when Sir Sean wore them in the movies. When driving in the game, you drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight out of "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a gadget to blow up the tires as in the movie. And when you do not fly through the streets of Istanbul with the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air with the jet pack "Thunderball". <br /> <br /> Then there is the multiplayer. Of course, it must be compared to the standard game "GoldenEye", and it fails. In addition, you can only play the villains of Bond rather than Bond himself or the other heroes of the game. But multiplayer is fun and a decent bonus, since the impressive single player campaign makes the game worthy. to be played. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, including the shooting in the gypsy camp, Bond's fight with Red Grant on the Orient Express and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's shoe blade, are not up to par. reality. And the game is a fast game, even in the most difficult difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience to date.
