I am not a supporter of some kind of film. I only classify films as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film of director Jamie Blanks, after his film Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the storyline and plot are very weak. Again, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so evocative and iconic, and that's what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first fundamental and emblematic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down-to-earth. Since high school, he has grown up with the wounds he had accumulated in his soul against his classmate friends who were making fun of him. When you focus enough on this first element when you watch the film, you come to see the point of view of humanism: "No one is quite good or bad. secret have a good heart. " Just because the scenario and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the wonderful union of super starlets of the late '90s: my favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the coldest way possible. An arrow drawn from a bow plunges her belly and remains stuck while she played hide-and-seek with her blind meeting, without ever being able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet killed in a biology lab as she tries to hide under human body models lying on a surgical operating table. Denise Richards is killed in third place, when she just found him a Valentine's Day gift in a hot tub. Jessica Capshaw is finally murdered confidentially and unseen, then slandered to be the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unfortunate victim with a vicissitude of fortune, she will be killed in the most confidential way that we never know, because the film ends before she is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest since she was not a classmate of the serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final emblematic element is the soundtrack of the blind date labyrinth scene, that of the Valentines. Day of celebration in the scenes of Dorothy's house and, finally, the themes of death. Everyone liked the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock is never better with a killer-mystery movie series.
