I will not try to speculate on what Brando was trying. In his best form, he performs so strange, insinuating so many things at once, that he seems to do nothing more than play with an infallible instinct. He often seems to draw attention to a privileged aspect of his character in relation to all the others, a concentration which, if followed, proves to be a sort of panic, because he is more subtle, more cunning only at the beginning. It's a mastery of artifice, not naturalism, as it could be associated with the Method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz has wonderfully realized, seems to him well adapted, which must start with strange, and strange at the end, because, anyway, Brando has achieved a grace can- to be quite personal, but a consumed grace nevertheless - again, strange, coming from an actor with a limited musical capacity, never associated with the musical. Jean Simmons, also strange in the cast, is not as impressive, but certainly above what is right, really delicious in the sequence of Havana, and he's never anything less than pleasant. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because the actors are so focused on what they do and the characters on what they want from each other, it seems not that it is the lovers The "chemistry" has been evoked with so much insistence more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah feed well enough, but I do not see anything beyond that. In such a dazzling and entertaining film (and almost everything about craftsmanship, that's exactly that - dazzling), this lack would seem something neglected with tact and ease, but everything would depend on real chemistry! A transformation, at least partial, characters through such chemistry would lend something positive to the final scene. In the state, we leave this film certainly delighted, but not really moved, except to deny the truth of the union. Note Sister Sarah marries in her missionary uniform, Sky Masterson, in her same natty man-about-town suit rather than smoking. And they have changed to return to those of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Curiously enough (that is, with insight), the most touching and serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, Adelaide, Sinatra / Nathan's doll Detroit, is the only scene where these two people are exclusively together, especially because there is no trace of flirting between them even if it takes place in the Adelaide locker room while Adelaide is about to change. Although it can be said that there is no room for it, Sky is really the type to "check" Adelaide in this kind of situation. He's even here to tell Adelaide that Nathan will not meet her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their respective ways towards Nathan, even pitiful of him, as evidenced by a tone in their exchange. Of course, Adelaide is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is softened by her deeper feeling for Nathan, because Sky blames her for not loving a man and then wanting him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and dolls is another turning point in the battle of the sexes, around the themes of play and salvation. Since the compulsive gambler and the seeker of salvation claim desperation more or less unconsciously, there may be an obscure secret behind the lack of chemistry of Brando and Simmons. After all, this lack could well denote an excess of narcissistic preoccupations (evoked by the Sinatra / Blaine couple, although there is much less deception), which could explain the strange, rather provocative, interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister . Sarah I realize that Simmons may be mostly cold and skeptical, but Brando, although playing to confront her, is not really heated and eager, he does not just keep his distance, he assimilates and keeps it in balance. Her audacity is simply to play against her - the trip to Cuba, a kiss, no matter what - but it is not really decided to win by seducing her, but to beat her in turn. This can be clever, because zeal may be the only way to go to the missionary and through. But that makes Sky's transition, which is simply trying to win a bet to actually want Sarah Brown, a little less convincing. Yet why does it want it? What does falling in love mean to Sky? I find that the only way around this problem is to accept that his humanity is set in motion and that he does not wish to become a mere idiot to Sister Sarah. He therefore, as he had promised, needed to deliver sinners. his appointment of prayer, cared for by his "marker", as he says, as a means of reconquering her, when he seems to have already won to lose her. But it still denotes personal concern more than anything. However, it also allows Sarah Brown to be concerned about herself, because Sky will place the missionary in her to recover the lover. At least it seems, their union will not change much except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. Yet this would seem to be an extremely fatal proposition: to accept is still a cry for happiness in the other, not to mention the transcendence they all seem to imply by "chemistry". And behind all that, I guess Mankiewicz is perfectly aware. <br /> <br /> For all those who could say, for the defense of Guys and Dolls again, that we must not expect much from musicals in depth, Remind them only Cabaret, the Opera three under, Carrousel, A star is born, even The Sound of Music, for which I do not care as much (and that we can continue to add to this list without even going ahead after Cabaret musicals), all envelop a wonderful music and dance around big worries.
