It would be easy to call the guys and the awesome dolls. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and contrary to the original wish of Sinatra, the casting), he has a sensation of the 50's really cool, even if it is basically transposed from the scene to the screen with only a small interruption. And most of the songs are often very entertaining, catchy and interpreted with this wink and a nod to the wonderful escape inherent in the form itself. If it's not quite as big as some of his peers, this should not be the fault of filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. All the songs do not click completely and a little of the dialogue gives the impression of being played for the stage as opposed to the movie (that's hard to say sometimes - Brando and Sinatra straddle the line so often that you have to watch carefully to say when we play for the camera or for the "scene", while the actress who plays Adèle is better for the stage than for the screen). <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners that works well for its time, though wonders if its influence has spread to that of 1999, She's All That (well, not everything to done, but close). One player (and 14-year-old fiance), played by Sinatra, wants to organize a large party, but he is told that "heat is on", which means that the cops are under surveillance. Thus, he has only one choice to host the game, with a tab of one thousand dollars. His only way out is to bet big with his fellow player, Brando, who has made it his mission to become a missionary digger. This allows predictable twists in the story, in the sudden activation of character charms, the idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who falls for Brando). In its basic concept, it's all about this world of dudes and dolls and how to reconcile one or the other, obviously without getting married or being too compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the camera Even when he stays still in front of the camera on the subject and that his stars are properly stored. Damn, even Brando works very well for a musical, because he goes beyond the simple actor method and shows his talent for singing and quality of great star. The story and the characters end up on what you hope to happen, and that's good. All we ask is what we get is entertainment in the form of spiritual dialogue and a few songs and dances that bring down the house (my favorites were the number of ladybugs in the club, Luck be a Lady, and the two figures in Havana, Cuba). A-
