A group of model-caliber San Francisco women who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre cards for Valentine's Day. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating will change often in later views of a movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I do not remember another movie where my note has changed as radically as Valentine's. The first time I watched it, when it was released, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a letter in "F". Looking at her a second time last night, I do not remember what I did not like at all. I can only assume that maybe I was really in a bad mood watching, or maybe I just did not understand it. Anyway, I loved this time, giving it a 9 out of 10 or an "A". <br /> <br /> It may seem ridiculous to say that I did not have a movie like this, but there is something to get. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, also responsible for Urban Legend in 1998, takes up the stereotypical horror formula for teenagers that became so popular in the late 1990s as a result of Scream (1996) and pushes most elements to a level superior, making Valentin deliberately corny. / campy almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). In addition to that, he gives us a film full of humorous commentary on romantic relationships. The humor is unusual in that it has the same overly campy tone as the horror aspects in teens. Most of the film's situations and the way the villain works, humorous or not, are related to the theme of Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> Many spectators probably subtract points from the film for their different shots. Plausible but not plausible scenarios and roots. However, in light of the above, the film is intentionally cliché, improbable and ridiculous. It's as though Blanks was trying (and mostly succeeding) to transcend the typical adolescent slasher by mocking / usurping the conventions of the genre while satirizing eros. This is the irony attraction of basing a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an incongruity cleverly woven throughout the film, itself in the heart of the genre slasher, which makes it a food of choice for the extravagant thunder of Valentine. Scream had a similar goal with his horror material, but the movie was "self-conscious". Valentine's Day is intentionally not self-conscious; the viewer must rely on contextual clues for satire. For fear that some people think I "read too much" in the film, it's interesting to note that Blanks said in interviews that he "did not want to make another slasher movie after Urban Legend" and that producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do it. something more adult. <br /> <br /> Other viewers might not like the fact that Valentine's Day differs so much from its putative source material, Tom Savage's novel of the same name. The characters, the setting and the plot of the novel are very different from the film. Sellers said, "Even though it was a good book, I did not think it was the right story for a movie." So, instead, the novel, much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a launch pad, a motive for creating variations for a Valentine's Day horror / thriller story. Although these facts will not help purists familiar with the book as the film, it is helpful to understand why the film has a different plot and attitude. It is probably best to watch the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> The direction of Blanks is impeccable visually. Valentine's Day has a lush appearance, with complex and deep colors, interesting scenery and a good staging. Blanks is admirable for keeping his villain and attack scenes not too dark, with a clearly transmitted action. He also directs his actors with aplomb, catalyzing performance often slyly humorous. David Boreanaz, as Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, but it's a very good horror / thriller movie that seems highly prone to misconceptions. If you watch her expect something more ironic, you may appreciate her a lot more.
