This is a masterpiece of Frank Loesser with fun lyrics, competent themes and a solid build from those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to the "book" of the musical. What is surprising in the film is the fluidity of the musical numbers in the script. Abe Burrows wrote the book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and Joseph Wright had contributed to the outstanding art direction. The story can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to finance his permanent and floating shit game to entertain Big Julie, a Chicago boss. He bets on Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brando, that he can not bring a girl from the Salvation Army to Havana; Masterson wins the bet, rescues the mission, falls in love with the girl, brings the bettors to play shit game to attend a service, and tells everyone that the lady was impervious to her charms - a complete lie . Of course, he ends up with the lady; and Detroit marries Vivian Blaine, his long-time fiancee. Other members of the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, BS Pulley as Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Chief of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as a lukewarm Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown. The famous musical numbers of this award-winning Broadway hit include "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "A Person Could Develop a Cold" and "The Oldest Game" floating shit from Permnanet to New York! " Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" Fame led the proceedings; and the workflow is very interesting and has continued to advance. He is equally adept at dialoguing and directing such huge roles as "Luck Be Lady", the varied and challenging fighting section, the "A Woman in Love" section of Havana created for the above movie, the title presentation . The songs "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" take place in the club where Blaine works. The acting is very uneven. Simmons sometimes seems to be wrong for the role, Brando does well with singing and passes very well mostly in instinct, charm and minimization, even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra is doing his best but playing the wrong role for several reasons, including Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit too theatrical about selling her numbers, which she naturally sings in a professional manner. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what is asked for and more. Stylish opening and closing are made to work well; All in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser's kind and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster and for the genre of musicals himself, so aptly justified in this case. Delicious and very different.
