This musical was not quite up to my expectations, there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on a story by Damon Runyon, I expected irony and surprise, there was a very good one: when we discover that the Sinatra gang used the Army office Hi for their shit game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If of course, it also comes at the right time, when Brando brings it back. I did not really expect much of Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great but he was very good in the role. His many in the sewer, however, with the rest of the Sinatra boys was the only place where I felt Brando's voice was weak. He simply did not have the power required by the big climax. Overall, I found that the scenes between Brando and Simmons were full of electricity, which, in my opinion, would not happen when we saw Simmons for the first time, and later, when we would have discovered Brando at the restaurant with Sinatra trying to shoot fast. one on him. Only when Brando goes to his office does the story come to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, meanwhile, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I have never heard of, but who, I suppose, played the role on Broadway, seemed to slow down the debate. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Moreover, his songs seemed to me the weakest in terms of history or character. On top of that, all the numbers of the Goldwyn Girls seemed to work miracles, just there for the foil. For example, when Frank meets Brando in the night club, we stop at the routine for the chat number - then the guys who continue as if no dance number had been recorded. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on screen, I had a good time, but every time we went back to Sinatra-Blaine's story, my level of interest went down. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there are some good ones, especially the very first issue with Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!) issue. It's a great song that reminded me of The Music Man's very first song - Cash for the Merchandise ... no matter what it's called. And the number in the sewer - I could not help but think of "Cool" West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really did not like the art direction in this movie. The fake Times Square was so fake that it drew attention to itself. Same thing for the sequence of Havana, and especially for the sewers. I realize that in 1955 most of the musicals were filmed, but things were changing - Carousel, for example, used a lot of location photography. Even On the Town shot scenes at Mahattan in 1949. When we arrived at West Side Story in 1961, it is obvious that what is happening in Manhattan was to be shot in Manhattan. So, for comparison, the guys and dolls attached to Manhattan felt old and cute. And change from Lindy to Mindy - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with various girls. It was much more focused than that, which is to his credit. In this respect, he is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but had a certain lack of depth. <br /> <br /> My only major complaint about guys and dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic to the original show, but when Jean Simmons realized that Brando had never taken any money for a bet that he had made with Sinatra and even said he lost the bet, she just runs to find it and we cut the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would have added to the impact of the story. Seeing Brando come around her as she approached him would have been a fantastic scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have this duo waiting for it to change. She's upstairs at home, he's on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombones. She sings Good evening my someone. They suddenly change songs and change songs - a great way to make themselves known. It's a very emotional moment of the film. Still, guys and dolls had a lot to do.
