I am intrigued by the strong sense of favor towards (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I have read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for not being chosen for Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> OK, so who would not want to be named as Sky Masterson? ?? that's a good part: the successful charismatic player who commits a serious mistake in allowing himself a bet in which he has to take Sgt. Sarah Brown of the Salvation Army to Cuba, or lose. It's not money ?? it's pride, but he and she meet their match. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle his long-time sweetheart Adelaide to try to find a place for a game of craps that will make him rich if it does not alienate his fiancée forever. <br /> <br /> The film started life a series of news from Damon Runyon: it's his unique dialogue that you hear, and these are his big character names, and it's his racing world of horses / nightclub / late game. Then it's become a musical and you can not help but think that, as a movie, he never really leaves the stage. The camera is unusually static and the scenery remarkably ?? and not pleasantly ?? flat and childish. Fortunately, the music is so great that I do not care a bit. <br /> <br /> My favorite part of this film is the singing and playing of the two non-singers, Brando (as Sky) and Jean Simmons (under the name Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, having professional singers in these roles would have produced better music; but what is surely forgotten is that two such excellent actors have brought something else to the party: what they lacked in vocal talent, they more than compensated in enthusiasm, ability to play, and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Sky as he argues with Sarah about reason, consistency, tips and safety. You appreciate Sarah's slackening under the influence of Cuban "milk". You completely feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard, the bells ringing and an hour before the plane brings them home. As Sky says, it's "chemistry". Pro singers ?? Are they Broadway bells or smooth crooners? we can not necessarily count on it to happen. (And they certainly did not do it.) I read somewhere that Brando had reproached Sinatra for not having fully invested in his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra in turn was exasperated by Brando's four-act actor method. As a fan of Brando (it shows ?!), I will inevitably take the other side, but I can not imagine that this film would have been the classic so much adored that it is today if Brando and Simmons n were not present it is with their wonderful chemistry; The unpredictability of Brando; Simmons's face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a Cuban bar. Pretty. I always want a copy of this film that hangs out in case I should feel good again. You will forgive me if you brush a part of Nathan's voice (sleep), do you? You do not want Oh, shut up and take Mindy's cheesecake again!
