I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think that she lost her magic touch. Many other interpretations of Cinderella by Ever After, have in fact lost all contact with them over the years. Then I found this production with Kathleen Turner's flawless performance as a devilish stepmother, and I was blown away by the spooky essence of this fantastic story that has thrown me under her spell since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a girl whose father died and who was dominated by her mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, and who is eager to go to the ball for one last chance. freedom. But this plot takes a different turn in the classic fairy tale by making Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and that Cinderella only calls him by his family because of his slavery) be trapped in a situation of his father (who still lives) gets lost slowly in front of a dominant woman who manipulates him to make him play favorites with his wife and half-daughters and tries to poison him. Thus, Zizola goes out to save her father by preventing her mother-in-law from finding another prom in the ball by distracting the men who follow her. There, Prince Valiant, bored, lost all his heart and falls in love with the mysterious woman with the strange dress (forged by a water nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me the most in this film is its original version of the old fairy tale that no one can compare to. He does not weave a network of lies like most Cinderella stories, he does not ignore any of the reasons why Cinderella would like to attend the ball and does not show a superficial side of the Prince like the Disney version did. Instead, he shows more of Cinderella's selfless heart than any other production and his work is just beautiful! The costumes are all beautifully crafted, in particular Zizola's sapphire blue blouse, matching the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and her soft, witty voice. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this film to anyone interested in a dreamlike sequence of the classic fairy tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director have not made a complete collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.
