Honestly, I find this film almost too depressing for my sake. It's VERY depressing until the end. There is no way I can justify judging a character who did things I did not like (well, apart from the disgusting character played by Fredrick Forrest). But it's always so frustrating to see people behave this way, to erect walls around them when a single word could break the ice and promote healing. <br /> <br /> A horrible tragedy hits a Montana family. They believe they have lost a son, but it turns out that they have lost 2. The bottom line is that if they communicate and confront their grief together, they will not end up losing their second son permanently. <br /> But they simply can not. Something is preventing this family from sharing their sorrows. Some members of the family withdraw in silence and resentment while others are blamed (then deceive their poor pregnant wife by seducing the beautiful girlfriend of the deceased ... this character of Andy is really a snake! The only family member who does not threaten Arnold in any way is his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to the boy without judgment or even with gloves. He seems to know what the child thinks even if Arnold does not say much these days. It is really a blessing for the poor child to have this person to turn to. No one else seems to understand the fact that Arnold may be in shock, in denial, or that his way of mourning may not be of the same style, or at the same speed, as they were waiting for him. It is so easy to judge and be angry and to feel that someone is "made of stone" just because he does not feel mourning in a way that we believe we should. <br /> <br /> The story is very calm and naturalistic. You are not going to have a spoon-fed narration or a Hollywood welfare resolution. I was very concerned that this child was so guilty that he thought it was necessary to hitchhike several hundred miles to apologize to the wife of this little pig, Andy, for something that he should not blame himself. Arnold may have accidentally killed his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of this marriage, which was apparently shabby anyway, with the exception of the two people involved in the marriage. This is just bad luck. Arnold did not get in the car with a pedophile or a murderer. <br /> <br /> Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are incredibly effective, because parents who can not find themselves in contact with their son, to know what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere else, except for a childhood favorite called EXPLORERS and a scary ghost story called THE LADY IN WHITE, did an incredible job as Arnold, a superb performance of a child actor. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a little slow sometimes, THE STONE BOY is an excellent and very depressing film.
