The first step out of this road to nowhere is to recognize that you are there first; it then becomes necessary to assert oneself and take positive steps to overcome the negative influences of your life that may have brought you down this path. Which is exactly what a Latino girl does in Girlfight, written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school student from Brooklyn, threatened with eviction after her fourth bout in the halls since the beginning of the semester. It affects an attitude that conceals a deep anger that threatens to take her to places she does not want to go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very shy relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). While her life is on the verge of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet to channel the demons that afflict her. And one day she finds him, without even looking for her, when she stops at the gym where Tiny is training. Ironically, Tiny does not want to have anything to do with boxing; he wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son can take care of himself in the street and pay the ten dollars a week that his classes cost him. When Diana convinces Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to take her and approach her father to get some money, under the pretext of calling it a weekly allowance (she does not want him to know for what she wants money), Sandro refuses her and tells her to go out and earn her own money. In the end, with the help of Tiny, she finds a way and the ring quickly becomes her second home. It's an environment to which she adapts easily and it seems that her life is about to improve. And the fact that she will have to fight men, not women, in competitions "blind to gender", does not defeat her at all. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> The writer / director for the first time, Karyn Kusama, did a remarkable job creating a realistic framework for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in projects and translating this desperation so familiar. to so many young people who find themselves in a dead end and on the road to nowhere. And there is no candy coated on it either; as Hector tells Diana when she asks him how he got to where he is: `I have already been a fighter. I lost.' Then, looking around the gym, very busy: `Like most of these guys, they will also lose. But that's all they know ... 'And it's that honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are portrayed, that make this film as good as it is. It's a dark world, underlined by the dilapidated and dimly lit gym - you can smell the sweat of boxers - and that feeling of desolation hovering over it like a veil, covering those people who hold and hang. All they know about the only thing they have. <br /> <br /> For her debut on screen, Michelle Rodriguez plays the role of Diana perfectly, conferring a depth and intensity covering that irradiate enough of her. in the waves. It is so real that one wonders how truly Rodriguez is; where is the actor going and where does the character begin? No matter what it is, it works. It is a powerful and memorable performance of an actor from whom we will look forward to another project. She certainly makes Diana a positive role model, a model in which many, hopefully, will find inspiration and awareness that there are alternative paths available in life, at least for those who would seek them. <br /> <br /> As positive as possible. This film is however, it ends on something of an ambiguous note; Although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no way of knowing where she is going. Is this a short-term solution for her, or is she destined to become Hector's female counterpart? After all, realistically (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the highlights of this film), professional boxing is not really a job that lends itself well, it does not open either his weapons to women. And in keeping with the subject of the film and the filmmaker's approach, an affirmation of the results of Diana's self-assertion would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The secondary cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). While this provides a very real picture of life to which many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of `Girlfight`, which stifle some credibility, with regard to some of what is happening on the ring. That aside, it's a positive film that is for the most part a satisfying experience. I note this one 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
