Once upon a time, Hollywood was producing live movies, with no rankings, no foul language, no immorality, no violence. These films have not insulted your intelligence or manipulated your emotions. Heroes differ little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and the same burden. Since the 1970s, the film industry has almost abandoned G-rated movies for adults. Fundamentally, modern and demanding audiences demand large amounts of realism embellished for their cinematic regimes, marked by vile profanations, riotous sex and deadly punches. These ingredients are the difference between G-rated and PG-13 rated films. <br /> <br /> Miraculously, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote the screenplay for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), hits the house with this well-noted wellness narrative, consisting of four bags of an epic baseball that not only celebrates America's favorite summer sport, but also advocates spirit of the game. Essentially, "The Rookie" looks like Robert Redford's "The Natural" saga of 1984, which tells the story of a slugger who was making his comeback. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" avoids swearing, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> In addition, the tough Dennis Quaid plays a real character. The autobiography of Jim Morris, "The Oldest Recruit: The Dreams of a Big League of a Small Town Guy", served as a basis for "Finding Forrester", Rich's unpretentious storyline inspired by Norman Rockwell on the white aspirations of the middle class Morris made his dream come true when he started on the mound as a relief pitcher in 1999. Although he is not part of the same league that James Stewart's classic inspired "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" is described as such movies that Hollywood rarely produces anymore because the public finds them obsolete. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich summarize their funny oddball biography in a halo of mysticism.In the 1920s, an oil prospector convinced two Catholic nuns to finance a well in West Texas.Fearing to have benefited poorly misguided fantasies, sisters cover the arid terrain of rose petals s and implore the patron saint of St. Rita to intervene. The well springs! The town of Big Lake makes its appearance and the big players play baseball when they do not make holes in the field. The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like oil. In the meantime, years later, the US Navy did not keep Jim Morris, Sr. (Brian Cos "Manhunter") and his family in the same place long before uprooting them. The constant movement hangs over Jim Junior. Jim's father shows little sympathy and condemns baseball. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Jim has the baseball in the blood, enough so that, when he accepts the post of professor of chemistry in his native city of Texas, he forms a baseball team. Like the messy "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie" tells of Jim's triumph in turning the losers into winners. Morris promises the team that if she reaches the playoffs, she will try to be part of a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris students are maintaining their market share. At age 35, Jim stuns the scouts of the league when he throws fast balls at 98 miles an hour! "The Rookie" never commits any fault.
