Imagine the scene: a mountainous extraterrestrial landscape. Two moons illuminate the blood-red sky. The Tardis lands and leaves the Doctor, a middle-aged man wearing a Victorian cloak, and Rose, his companion on the Earth. A glimmer of recognition crosses his face. "Well, I've never done it! It's the planet Saurious-7, where I fought the Kraggartians, warriors, they tried to use giant Skinkons to conquer the planet." The girl sniffs the air. "We can not go, doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I still think we're being watched." The doctor waves a disapproving finger. "Do not be stupid, my daughter, I wonder if the King and Queen of Cordaraby City will remember me since my last visit, come, Rose, come!" He walks away, the girl has trouble following. At the top of a hill, sinister red eyes look at them with hate ... <br /> <br /> That's not how "Rose" started in 2005 and, thank God, I say it to me . The original British show, "Rose" can now be safely viewed as a historical episode, putting "Dr.Who" in its place, as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The errors of the film McGann T.V. have been well learned. Instead of trying to integrate the new "Who" into the existing timeline, this represented a fresh start for the series, starting with saleswoman Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) taking care of her daily routine. One day, she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problem begins. The models come to life and attack him. Only by the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) is she saved. <br /> <br /> The story, as light as it is, is more than sufficient as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old villain (it was their first appearance since 1971), but no allusion is made to their past appearances, which is another wise move. The finale has indeed recreated the famous scene of "Spearhead From Space" when the window mannequins have multiplied. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the Doctor's traditional clothing, but that made it more accessible to the new, much-anticipated audience of the series. Billie Piper has confused her critics by making a big impression as "Rose". Noel Clarke, his boyfriend "Mickey", was also good. <br /> <br /> Yes, the focus was on the special effects, but it had to be one - the unstable sets and the unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on TV of the 21st century. What's more important is the quality of the script. Ten million people listened to the new doctor. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" was back - and back with a bang!
