Doctor Who is an essential part of British pop culture like Monty Python and James Bond. It was a huge success for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the oldest TV series in the world (most series are lucky). ten seasons). The plans to restart the series were still on the agenda of the BBC and, after Fox's poorly calculated (not to say Americanized) telefax, failed to capture the magic of the original, nine-year additional (notwithstanding Parodic and animated Comic Relief) were necessary before the Lord of the ultimate time could return properly, courtesy of the famous writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davies' interest in reintroducing the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of a stranger: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a very normal until one night, it is attacked by living plastic creatures. She is saved by an elusive stranger who simply introduces herself as Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after joking: "Nice to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" As she becomes more and more curious about this "man", she soon finds herself in a whole new world: extraterrestrials, invasions, travels in time and space and, of course, in the ubiquitous TARDIS shaped police box. <br /> The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polishing) because Davies has two things: the unique humor of the series and the two protagonists. The most endearing feature of the original series was its mix of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a difficult, if not impossible, hybrid to export. Here, the laughs are all related to the conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who present themselves as perfectly rounded characters after a single episode. Okay, technically, Eccleston's doctor is the ninth to use this name, but he stands out from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a terrible line : "the planets have a north!" <br /> <br /> However, the real triumph of this episode is the performance of Piper: in theory, Rose has reached the end of her adolescence, so almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who had never heard talk about the Doctor before. Her portrait of an ordinary girl lost in a new exciting universe represents the reaction of the new generation to the return of the television icon. The chemistry that instantly forms between her and Eccleston is a sign that the new Doctor Who is just as powerful. the old. <br /> <br /> First, the fifth, the ninth, that makes no difference: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, by the way) but together, him, William Hartnell , Peter Davison and the others the band is made up of one character, so cool that he does not even need a name: he is THE doctor.
