While the sun shines brightly on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up, love is felt in the light breeze that passes near my feet and in the smile of people I meet. It's the perfect day for a stopover with croissants and a coffee-o-milk before heading to the city of lights and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this humble film critic and so I had to opt for the second best thing, Paris, I LOVE YOU, a collection of 18 short films of various international directors. Each piece bears the name of a different Parisian district and is a reflection on love. Anxious not to exaggerate the most powerful and convincing emotions of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love at the multiple stages of its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly coherent. And really, what better way to express the ephemeral nature of love and how a moment can change your life with a collection of instant filmed. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above is from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Faithful to his habits, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses accelerated photography and repetition to illustrate the entire cycle of love, from creation to dissolution. Faubourg is originally performed in 2004 by Natalie Portman in the role of Francine, American actress in Paris for a role in a film, and in Melchior Beslon in the role of Thomas, a blind man she falls in love with. Here, the blind leads the blind man through the most unstable terrain, where two people consume themselves to such an extent that their lives almost lose their existence. While love seems to go from dazzling to stunning, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks he can play in our minds and the illusions he can create when we move away from doubt. <br /> <br /> The most mysterious and romantic offer perhaps The Eiffel Tower of Sylvain Chomet. Chomet (TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE), who chose the most recognizable attraction of the city for his title, offers us a little boy who tells how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), falls into a surreal scenario after another and ends up in prison. It is here that he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become a dying art, if he is not already dead. Yet, by nature, he is dreamy and quiet. Miming points his silent finger at the ridicule of human behavior and what if not love can make people more absurd? We could find someone special in the least likely circumstances if we could just take ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, I LOVE YOU keeps the flow animated by not always focusing on the love between lovers. Three memorable short films emphasize the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) asks Catalina Sandino Moreno to sing with love for her child before leaving him to sing the same song with a longing for the child to watch over his life. Nobuhiro Suwa (PERFECT COUPLE) asks Juliette Binoche to overcome desperately the emptiness she feels after the loss of her son. Binoche says very little, no surprise given his immense talent, his struggle is obvious when she discovers that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF MEN) intervenes with a continuous shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins) walking together for what must be the first time in a long time. We only see them on the other side of the street and we approach them only when the distance between the two characters is reduced to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short film on screen is the 14th arrondissement of Alexandre Payne. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes her extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She has been there alone and for less time than she would have liked, because dogs are waiting for her at home. She is an ordinary person with a life without history who finds herself in a rich and lush city. In a very well Americanized French, she meditates on what she is and what she feels. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments of life and, sitting in a city made for lovers, she realizes that she is actually happy and that she loves herself more than she did not know it. She falls in love, if only for a moment, with life and love itself. <br /> <br /> I LOVE YOU is found in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether helping someone after a difficult fall or reaching out to another person without touching or unknowingly, are the moments that give the air its brilliance and its blossoming. Outside the city of lovers, it's easy to miss such moments, but you have to remember their meaning. It only takes a moment to love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant with love, it must be believed that it can make its way to your door.
