Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematographic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it defies almost any synthesis. Ask a large group of people what they think of life in Paris and the result would look like this movie. Attached together by each sector or district of the city, the film examines love in all its forms, the natives in their Parisian fashion and tourists interacting with the big city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screening, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALFonso Cuarón, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Halls, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others, less known. The stories vary from funny, funny, touching, tragic, banal, tenderness. <br /> <br /> A young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted by a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), pouring out his heart in French to a boy who speaks only English. In another, a separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete the divorce proceedings, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) discuss unrelated marriage until Oscar Wilde's spirit disappears. Steve Buscemi at the Tuileries faces superstition in a subway with his bag of tourist collections. At the Bastille, Sergio Castellitto (lover of mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she confides that she has terminal leukemia. Juliette Binouche confronts agony. The fantasies and defeats of his son on the Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy, Willem Defoe, Sara Martins, Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier, tell a passionate story of misrepresentations at Parc Monceau. Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins tell a strange relationship Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays the role of a young blind in front of actress Natalie Portman to learn to see Faubourg Saint-Denis, vampire lovers between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is a former patriot consummated in the Red Children's District, and Margo Martindale is a tourist tourist looking desperately to speak the French she has studied during her life traveling in a tenderly hilarious 14th district. <br /> <br /> The last minutes of the movie try to connect as many stories as possible, but it only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience because of the lack of time to assimilate all the action. But it is finally a tribute richly detailed to a large city and provides the viewer with many vignettes to revisit as an album of a Parisian era. It's a movie that deserves to be seen many times! Grady Harp
