I took my 19 year old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in the making of a movie. I find it always intriguing to get views and opinions of a different generation on movies, especially since I am a cynic myself. It is good to get the opinion of someone who has not yet reached the "summer, do it" approach of every movie they see. I'm happy to say that we both really enjoyed our experience and considered it a successful evening between mother and daughter. Far, much better than going to see a "chicks movie", which I think is what we are supposed to appreciate, according to the demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were invited to produce a short article about each of the districts of Paris, a city that I have not visited for 20 years. But I would like to have. They are loosely linked by joins and represent different approaches to love in the city considered in popular culture as the world's romantic capital par excellence. Some movies work better than others but, as other critics have said, they never go too far in kitsch. Some are funny, some sad, others intriguing and some just confusing (I'm still trying to discern a deep inner truth in the hair salon "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon".) Some are just fun and may not be. assigned too much meaning (the vampire and the tourist for example.) Perhaps my only criticism with regard to the whole film is that it gives Paris a too beautiful appearance. It can also be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and miserable or, in the summer, be so hot and bursting with so many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a tin can for hours to see all the attractions. But I'm choosing. <br /> <br /> My favorite movie, by far, was the Coen brothers' film shot at the Tuileries subway station, starring Steve Buscemi, perfectly interpreted, as a confused tourist who inadvertently finds himself caught in a tiff in love. Absolutely perfect and very funny, without Buscemi having to say a word. I also perversely enjoyed the article about the two mime artists, which was probably the film closest to the film: it is certainly the edge of kitsch, but it remained on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer had a glimpse of the meeting with the tomb of Oscar Wilde and left me quite indifferent. Juliette Binoche was very uncomfortable with the death of her grandson. I thought Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands were a bit down, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did she corner the market in junkies?) I watched Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> <br /> But I felt that the two pieces of "social justice" (for lack of a better way of saying it) worked very well. By that, I mean first of all the film about the young mother who left her own child in a daycare to look after someone else's baby in town. And then the film about the African migrant, struggling to exist on the margins of an indifferent society, who is stabbed and dies on the street in front of a young and new paramedic. Yet another murder statistic, in a world that sees thousands of migrants die in the struggle to achieve what they consider to be a better life every year. I think both pieces were very well observed. <br /> <br /> The last film, 14th arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays the role of a postal worker from Colorado telling the story of his first trip to Paris ?? in French very badly accented ?? at his evening school French class, moved me. A perfect ending for a good, intriguing movie, if not quite awesome. <br /> <br /> Paris I love you was an ambitious idea, but it works pretty well.
