... for Paris, it's a mobile party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents have immortalized Paris in his paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and yes - cinema," said famed director Max Ophüls about Paris, <br /> <br /> "He offered to the boulevards wet and shining under the lampposts, a breakfast in Montmartre with brandy in the glass, coffee and brioche lukewarm, gigolos and prostitutes night. the world has two homelands: his own and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, I T'Aime ", subtitled" Petite romance " , is a collection of short films, often made by 18 talented directors from around the world, in which we get acquainted with one of the 20 arrondissements of the City of Light and with Parisians of all ages, sexes, colors and origins who are treated all in Love in its many variations s and steps. In some of the "little romances", we are witnessing unexpected encounters with foreigners who lead to immediate interest, proximity and perhaps to the relationship: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller in the rue de Montmartre. in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti in the role of a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural novel directed by Gurinder Chadha begins on the banks of the Seine, I would include the humorous short film from Gus Van Sant. "The Swamp" a boy in. His heart confides to another boy who admits his sudden and unexpected proximity, asking for permission to call - never realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are poignant and even black. In Far from the 16th of Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas, Catalina Sandino Mareno (amazing first place for Oscar-nominated Maria full of Grace) is a single working-class mother who has to work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay the expenses of the daycare where she drops her baby every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and heart-wrenching films is Oliver Schmitz's "Holiday Square". Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-starred as two young people for whom love could have happened. There were promises but it was cut short because of the hatred and intolerance that are everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet with Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling, is another example. Castellitto fell in love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful mistress, the devastating news of his wife's doctor arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can continue to reflect on the 18 little jewels. I really like some of them. The others felt weak and may be forgotten soon, but overall I am very happy to have bought the DVD and I know that I will come back again and again in my favorite movies. This is the "Place des Fêtes" I already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven and featuring the ghost of one of the most spiritual and intelligent men of all time , Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, the director of "Sideways") who would save a troubled relationship. Payne also directed "14th District" in which a middle-aged solitary post-worker from Denver, Colorado, explores the city alone by providing voiceover in French with a pronounced accent. Payne's entry is one of Joel and Ethan Coen's most moving and hilarious "Tuileries" with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the benches (Margo in the park and Steve in the Paris metro after their visit to Louvers) observing the life around them and getting different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and light, my pain is strong ..." Steve's character will discover that sometimes even the most complete and useful tour guide would not allow a tourist to avoid to do what is wrong abroad.
