I just saw this tonight at a seminar on digital projection (shot in 35mm, and first feature film entirely digitized in 6k, mastered in 4k, and projected with a 2k projector at the theater ETC / USC Hwd). 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) each had 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all forms, with known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. as well .. and she actually wrote the piece she was Mrs. Depardieu and many renowned international actors, whose stories range from romance to original comedy through the touching study of Alex Payne on a woman who discovers herself at Van Sant and on what happens anywhere ... maybe to put French in most of the sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real spoken English, even if it will probably raise it to art houses ( to the diva) Another element that could be considered "experimental" but colorful and fun too, the rest simple studies of relationships sometimes complex, easy to follow (unless the test "experimental" irritates your desire for a story stereotype Many have evoked emotions for me ... I admit that I am affected by love in the cinema ... when it is presented in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a piece of mime, not like the others I saw (thanks for that!). The film reached its peak, for me, a little more than half, then the last two sequences have resumed. Some beautiful shots of Paris at night, lush romantic music, generally used wisely, and not just for "emotions" in the sound, usually a good cinematography, though some shots look blurry, while that might not want to say. (main character in the shot / scene). The pace of each film was good and the overall structure, albeit a bit long (they left out two of the next 20 films, but they said everything would be on the DVD) seemed to vary between the tones of the movies to keep a good balance. Not sure when it will come out, but a good study on how to make a 5-minute film ... and sometimes, what does not work (if it takes too much time, emotionally, for a short film.) Should be in the region. once released, but they did not know when.
