I watched this film a few days ago in a small independent cinema in Paris. It was my last night in the French capital and the best goodbye I could have chosen. These twenty episodes have brought back to life the impressions I had gathered in Paris in a way that warms the heart without being carried away by kitsch or sentimental schmaltz. Each episode is filled with surprises, strong emotions and suggestive images and each short film is made according to the rules of a good short story. For me, this kind of film requires a lot more talent and qualities of director and storyboard writer than any epic drama of two hours and all have done their job perfectly! The stories have been chosen with care according to their corresponding rounding and express perfectly the respective style. Each episode was seen from a different ankle, had a different subject, a different style and still the twenty stories give rise to a harmonic orchestra of films. In my opinion, the most remarkable advantage with the concept of a film about episodes is that you can switch between a wide variety of feelings and moods without the risk of overloading, but the opposite: a mixture of sadness and melancholy. pure joy, despair, anger, anxiety, curiosity or passion give this movie a unique freshness and harmony. And do not forget the subject of love! The love between the characters, the love between the characters and Paris and the love of the directors and actors / actresses of this project. I do not want to go into the details of the episodes because there are many, but I must highlight the range of actors and actresses of worldwide fame around the world and their approach to this project. Some have played with their image, some have completely broken it and others have interpreted stereotypes related to their country of origin or the roles they have already played. Intertextuality has been given throughout the film. Overall, I can absolutely recommend this beautiful collage and I will wait impatiently for its release on DVD.
