I had the chance to attend a screening in Stockholm for this elegant, enjoyable and stimulating film. With romanticism as the heaviest weapon in its arsenal, Paris I love you dives boldly into Parisian love, navigating in different forms in eighteen distinct "neighborhoods" but without the beard of Parisiennes and saccharine formulas. His gold mine undoubtedly stems from the frustration of the directors ?? frustration of having only 5 to 10 minutes of time on the screen ?? as a result, each party receives only the best and most secure instructions. <br /> <br /> Debating the question of whether or not to review the 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be simply redundant and time consuming. Instead, simply be assured that each director attributes to his movie eccentric styles and skills, and you will certainly find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his book LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even going so far as to sneak into a well-placed reference by Kurt Cobain. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible segments in Paris, a scene with Steve Buscemi, dumb but emotionally transparent, with excessive humor and intelligent camera angles that have surely generated the most laughs in my theater, and can -being rightly. <br /> <br /> In this way, all the stories are extraordinarily unique ?? filtered through the minds of different directors ?? but the one that deviates the most from the rest is Vincenzo Natali's MADELEINE DISTRICT, a dark, gothic love of horror starring Elijah Wood as a tourist straying into Parisian streets and meeting a vampire. With a black and white format but a blood-red color contrast that seems to bleed incongruously off the screen, it becomes almost a pastiche of Sin City ?? a strange and refreshing visual film in an otherwise fair film. <br /> <br /> Still, my favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I was conditioned to think so, because I went to the theater with him as a favorite and pushed my friend into the side saying "finally, this is my favorite director here". Nevertheless, it is undeniable that Tykwer delivers a beautiful segment in which a blind boy picks up the phone and hears his girlfriend (Portman - for once do not bore) that she breaks up with him and thinks about their relationship. As in the style of Tywker, the story is dizzying, kinetic and repetitive, with screaming and running (Lola Rennt), making it the most exciting segment to adrenaline in Paris I love you and maybe too the most touching when Tywker starts brandishing his most powerful tool ?? music. <br /> <br /> To fill the negative account, it is clear that not all directors are as moving as Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scratches the bottom of the pile by cutting a really available segment in which a little boy tells the story of the meeting of his parents. They are two solitary mimes. This part is so French and desperately French that it is insulting to international viewers. Suwa also leads a poor and fluffy segment with an unusually haggard Juliette Binoche who mourns the loss of her son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the conclusion and the interlacing of the 18 stories at the end are somewhat hasty and without conviction. <br /> <br /> Yet Paris I love you spoils with quality, because all the other stories are well-conceived with acting crisp and writing fun. This is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (I do not say much, I guess) and a very personal film in that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a less. Highly recommended both to integrate a public "pretentious" (heh). <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
