Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to replace Andrew Blake at Ultimate Pictures when he created his own company (Studio A), he was almost ahead of the "Master" from the start in editing hot sex scenes. Thus, while all the window dressing Blake had created (starlets in fetish lingerie and sunglasses topped and made up as if they were about to be on the podium) remained very present and explained, Grant added his own personal touch to the carnal content. In doing so, he brought the heat to a level that had escaped Big A since his first day ?? and at my best ?? NIGHT TRIPS movie. Cam's young effort, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, may have been further hampered by an overly servile adherence to Blake's aesthetic (with a glut of girl-to-girl groping), but her DINNER PARTY is already showing him at the top of his form in what is needed is surely classified as his masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title sets the scene as a group of friendships and acquaintances coming together around a dinner party to exchange sexy stories, with a long orgy at the conclusion. Scrumptious Juli Ashton and Tammy Parks showcase each other in their flawless physique in their cooking sequence that will surely delight those who have the taste to combine the pleasures of the palette with those of the flesh. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") has rarely been a reliable second, spicing up some of Ona Zee's bargains, while being absolutely gorgeous on a four-poster romantic trip with Fabio's Vince Voyeur. The beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, talking with Marc Davis (for the record, the last two were an object at the time) under a waterfall, complete the part of the film for the eyelids. <br /> <br /> cook! Early Jenna Jameson ("Daisy" at the time) portends future splendor as she drains Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" on her subsequent move to the gay side of the industry) from all vital juices , although with the help of the dark Diva for an effective contrast, the elegant industrial setting of the scene provides an atmospheric backdrop to the sex scene that unfolds thoroughly. Gerry Pike, an incredibly seductive construction worker, tries to cool down on a sweltering summer's day with a tempting prospect for a prominent businesswoman, Asia Carrera (at her best), to Give Way. The best of the show must be the imaginative sequence of the nasty Norma Jeane and the beautiful Sean Michaels who excite each other ?? to begin ! ?? although separated by a glass partition until the expected conclusion. <br /> <br /> With an erotic or sexy sex, and most often between the two, Grant has concocted a real smorgasbord of fleshy products to continue the gourmet analog film that the title implies. Couples may be the main target audience, but alternating between naughty 'n' nice 'should rightly include this' something for everything' recipe so many features for adults are targeted. As the CEO, the director shows a keen eye for detail, like the cliché of Asia Carrera's immaculate white shoes splashed with mud, enriching his vision. This characterizes him as a great filmmaker rather than a mere repairer, as was the case with Nick Steele who took his place at Ultimate ?? what makes it a replacement replacement? ?? when he packed for greener pastures.
