Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I enjoyed the films that are usually disdained: "Quintet", if only to give me the pleasure of seeing a great and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as a girl of "Games forbidden "; "Health", to have Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for this beautiful and surreal world, Olive Oyl by Shelley Duvall and the wonderful places of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for his proposal for a film "anti-adolescents"; "Beyond Therapy", despite his madness and the presence of Genèvieve Page, who, despite all his efforts to give a chic Parisian look, is taken for a travestite ... I even enjoyed his TV movies in one act, as " The Dumb Waiter ". "and" The Laundromat. "When there is not much intrigue to develop in his films, you have excellent performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin.I perceive and appreciate the approach and the different description he gives of the many different cultures in the US It is unfortunate that his genius is rarely appreciated and that he is always forgotten when it is time to award American prizes and awards. is not your main fantasy provider, he's more than a maverick, so it's no surprise that I find so many bad comments posted here about "The Gingerbread Man", his effort the most "current" so far and to my knowledge I did not know that there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all.In this case, we may not like " The gingerbread man ", but for me, the reason is more li to Grisham than to the director-scriptwriter. Here are some of Altman's hallmarks: improvised dialogues, exceptional performance, a fun law firm with a receptionist and an irreverent secretary. Although some people find this boring, I found the first act fascinating, thanks also for the superb photography of Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". He has a way of showing us the same things we see in other American films, but in a different light. Through his "stranger eyes", almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait to get old. You can get in trouble if you fall in love with a younger and beautiful person like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did fascinated by someone younger than me! Then you have the disgusting, threatening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while the storm Geraldo threatens Savannah. The second act becomes a bit phony and even funny, because Altman may have directed it with a smile. I remember laughing a few times with his ironic remarks. I think he was applying a bit of Brecht, leaving us, preparing for the third act, which is pure Hollywood. Altman does it with expertise. Sage and intelligent director, he has fortunately not fallen into the trap of action movies today. He was leading a story of lust, greed, and death. I was not a little disappointed with the movie. If I give him a new one instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has made it a successful author. So why complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams of his stories, the monotony, the flatness and the stupidity of all these stories. However, he does so with such enthusiasm and humor that I can only disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people have seen another movie ... and vice versa.
