Robert Altman should not make a film like this, but the fact that he did it - and that it turns out to be a reasonably good and well-wound thriller in this pocket tradition of Grisham's thrillers - testifies to a commendable versatility. In the gingerbread man, he actually has to work on something for which, unfortunately, he does not always have much success, or at least that's not the first thing on his checklist in as a director: the plot. There is one of those big, juicy, almost hot studs where a shady lawyer gets caught by a desperate lower class woman and then an infamous figure related to her life between their lives in the most amazing way , yada yada twists. And it's surprising that Altman really wants to tackle one of those "I saw that coming from there!" purposes, or just a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it's a surprise that pays off because, oddly enough, Altman is able to catch some of this very beautiful behavior, or rather to unwittingly be able to coax it into a whole very well formed, in a Georgian small town environment. The film drips into atmosphere (if it's not a total know-how, but sometimes it's good and sometimes quite decent for Altman), because Savannah is likely to be hit by a hurricane and marsh, marsh and rain keeps things soaked and wet. The atmosphere is very strong, as are the (sometimes) hysterical performances of Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as a "woman" that lawyer Branaugh gets caught, and Robert Downey Jr (when is he * not * good) ?) As a private detective at Branaugh's job. Have I neglected Robert Duvall who, in just five minutes on the screen, gives such an indelible impression of suspending the bad image of the photo? <br /> <br /> As has been said, part of the plot is a little weak, or just a kind of standard (the lawyer is divorced, a battle for bitter custody looming, innocent children and zany ), but at the same time, I think, Altman saw something captivating in the material, something darker than some of Grisham's other works that has this peculiarity that stands out. If it's not quite masterful, it still works on its limited terms as a mystery of what will happen soon: Southern-Black.
