Steven Spielberg wanted so much to win an Oscar that he told himself that he would not win by performing epics special effects (he was nominated for three of them: "The close encounters of the third type", "The adventurers of the lost Ark ", and" ET: The Extra-Terrestrial ", so he decides to become very serious by producing" The Color Purple ", a period film without special effects.The first serious drama of Spielberg is a Although the Academy voters who voted in 1985 "The Color Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Spielberg was unjustly snubbed when he was not named Best Director. The situation worsened on Oscar night when the film did not win. "The Color Purple" should have won several Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular film, Celie, a woman who suffers violence from her husband ( appallingly placed by Danny Glov er), then gets longer throughout the movie thanks to special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and gives a great performance as Sofia, one of those friends of Celie. Since I was in Chicago, I already knew Winfrey through his talk show (which at the time of the release of this film had not gone around the country). Like Goldberg, what a movie start! Margaret Avery is brilliant in the role of Shug Avery, another friend who happens to be also the mistress of Celie's rotten husband. The three actresses have received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for best actress, Winfrey and Avery for best actress in a supporting role). Located in the south of the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is such a powerful film that it made me cry at the end. It also made me laugh sometimes too. Why did the voters of the Academy insist so much on not appointing Spielberg to the post of best director? This is a mystery that leaves me still perplexed. Spielberg will finally win two Oscars two years later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan", making him one of the best directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The work he did with special effect blockbusters like "E.T." to a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
