In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most incompatible filmmakers of all time. But this is notorious; I think his main problem is the range of genres he covers while not developing any style that qualifies him as an author. Hitchcock loved his suspense and his horror / thriller; Chaplin loved his comedy; Scorsese loves his crime-related Mafia stories and Spielberg loves his large-scale, low-budget adventure films that combine just enough violence for adults and entertainment for kids. Kubrick and Welles are too quoted to write here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the kind of guy who makes a flawed film that revolves around a good idea or a really nice film that revolves around. an apparently dull premise. Falling Down had a good idea behind all that but I found it flawed and anti-climatic with too many scenes apparently relying on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero movies have recently been a resounding success, so I do not know how he managed to do not one but two awful superhero movies. Then comes 8MM; a film with a basic principle that is impressively executed before Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film from what I've seen so far, in my opinion. In the war genre, laughter is not something you associate with it most of the time. I remember making fun of the absurdity of the D-Day landing at Saving Private Ryan: at the time I saw the movie, I did not know much about the World War II bar at its beginnings and ends. My eyebrows were up, my mouth slightly open with a weak "I can not believe it smiles" on my face. Needless to say, it was because of this film that I sought to learn a little more about the nature of this event and about the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war thanks to Bozz (Farrell), a tough, selfish soldier who trains for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what is clever here is that there is no breathtaking war scenes of fighting and death and destruction; one man and his battle with the system for most of the time. The things he says and the audacity with which he treats his situation are reminiscent of a schoolboy who chained classes in an extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it's a training routine for the Vietnam War, but I think that egos and superegos play a bigger role here. The superegos that are the blacksmith sergeants collide with Bozz whose self is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: the ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who all have a big enough ego, Bozz is the only one who has the courage to show him in front of the sergeants, suggesting that he allows what he should not do to float to the surface and to express themselves: are all dead in this situation! "Bark a sergeant." Any questions? "" Yeah, if I'm dead, why can I ask a question? "Bozz replies, whose punishments, such as pumps and mud-eaters, seem to disgust him in the style of the true identity, that is, he appreciates punishments. <br /> <br /> Also with regard to superegos, Bozz attempts at some point to command a group of soldiers in training on the ground. This is something that the current captain of the team can not do, which suggests that he lacks both the superego needed for the job and the confidence he needs to tell Bozz that he The following is a real conversation between Bozz and an acting drill sergeant who gives him his first name.This is where the character of Private Wilson (Whigham) comes in: his uncontrollable rage and his anger at Bozz explode at a certain hour, all ending up in the only scene her film: a shooting as a training exercise in a river. Wilson can not control his impulses and aversion to Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that the shot was brave. Although it has not been innovative, Tigerland seems to use lower quality film or lower quality cameras to give a realistic appearance. Make no mistake: it could have been a nice movie with lots of colors and attractiveness. But we have a documentary approach in the final piece that gives the impression that everything was shot with a typical everyday camera for television; The emphasis on the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is intelligent: he never lets the film look like a model, but suggests that the film's budget could have been half of what it was. It is worth mentioning here that Spielberg said that he wanted to save Private Ryan as a real or similar video sequence and as if it had been recorded on the war scenes. <br /> <br /> While being very funny and entertaining, Tigerland is still an excellent study of what motivates people; not necessarily at war but in the closest possible replacement. His study of a man and the fact that he hates a system he can not even take seriously is fascinating, as is the motivation of every soldier. There are many memorable scenes and situations that lead to a happy, if not unfortunate ending, that will open your mind and make you think about what may be happening in the military.
