The journey of Will and Ted is an existential journey through the themes of mortality, religion, time, paradise and hell, man's quest for glory and his fear of seeing his body overcome by a machine without a soul. It is the most intelligent fictional work since Paradise Lost and refers to many of the great works of art of the past - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the guys are a famous rock band that has come a long way to collect icons from the past: Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They used the skills acquired from each of these people, kidnapped a few princesses, and finally learned to play guitar and write hits. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are vanquished for eternity. We are moving quickly into the distant future when an evil dictator who despises good music, called Simon Cow-Al, wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to fire two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living tissues covering a metallic exoskeleton and coated with a mimetic polyalloy allowing them to survive in the tumult of time travel. They can also imitate everything they take by physical contact. It's their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take charge of their lives by making a terrible music that no one could love. By doing this, they will change the world forever - the music of Gryll and Jed will never be transformed leaving a world of war, famine and hate, and even more boring, a bland boys / girls group pop music. There is a surprising twist to the extent that the Gentiles are actually killed and they have to find a way to save the world, themselves and their wives, demonic Dopplebangers inhabiting their bodies. <br /> <br /> The Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowing both youth culture and real culture by mixing modern music and phrases with post-modern ensembles and artistic references, he seeks to teach us something by plunging into our psyche even to show us ourselves. She presents the nightmares facing the teenager of the late 80s in a society that had abandoned them and invited us to dissect the post-structuralist jingoism, self-love and discomfort of the time. To entrust ourselves with the conviction that we can truly change the world is an inspiring message, but to realize such dreams we have to go through and face our nightmares. To win is to succeed. Overcoming death is the first step to truly live, not to survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves - "Wow! Best Scene: For a fun game, see how many songs, groups and albums cover references that you can spot throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
