The year 1991 saw the release of the two best suites of all time: TERMINATOR 2: JUGMENT DAY and BILL & TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY. Of the two, I still liked BOGUS JOURNEY from BILL & TED. TERMINATOR 2: The day of judgment is better, but nothing looks like Bill and Ted. Besides Chris Farley and David Spade in TOMMY BOY, it's hard to think of a duo of comedians bigger than Bill and Ted. They are unique. <br /> <br /> Apparently influenced by O.C. from National Lampoon. and Stiggs, Bill, and Ted were created by two incredibly talented writers, Ed Solomon and Chris Matheson, who invented the duo while performing at a local Los Angeles theater in the 1980s. write a scenario around two and soon after, Bill & Ted's great adventure was born. The film, shot in 1987 and released in 1989, has become a box office hit and an instant cult classic. It was not long before work on the sequel began. Stephen Herek, the director of 'EXCELLENT ADVENTURE', does not want to work on the sequel since he finds it too nasty and different from the first one. Peter Hewitt, who made his film debut, was invited to direct the film. after. There could not be a better manager for the job. BOGUS JOURNEY by Bill & Ted is wonderfully realized. He is filled with his own style and incomparable energy. <br /> <br /> What makes "BOGUS JOURNEY" one of the best sequels so far is that even though it's darker than the original, it's also fun. It does not change the characters as most suites do. Bill and Ted are the same adorable characters as in the first movie. This is because it was written by the original authors. Most suites are not written by the same authors as the first, but as "BOGUS JOURNEY" had the same writers, it was finally as good as "EXCELLENT ADVENTURE", or better. Like the first one, "BOGUS JOURNEY" is absolutely hilarious, well written, amusing and especially original. It is filled with spectacular special effects and fantastic comedy performances by Alex Winter, Keanu Reeves and William Sadler. It's an unforgettable "trip". 10/10
