This is the first American film to successfully adopt the naturalistic style used by Europeans, especially the French and the Belgians, for at least a decade, and is not it a matter of time? After three high school girls in Brooklyn's Crown Heights neighborhood during the last days of their summer break between freshmen and sophomores, he does what every good art needs: he discovers the universal in the particular. Although girls' concerns are seemingly conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom, and clothing - we see how their lives are shaped, at the universal interface between character and fate. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is whole, complete. The film breathes, stays in the moment, lives in real time. The story is told. The medium and its artifacts, for once, are not the message. The film faithfully and faithfully expresses the childhood perspective of his characters; it does not impose its own adult meanings or morals. Details emerge on their own, are never pushed, and therefore seem all the more real and powerful for their understatement. While great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, which is part of the largest black ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous places of violence in the United States, the subject is of childhood in the ghetto and not the ghetto. himself. <br /> <br /> Documentary footage of a group's workouts, the Jackie Robinson Steppers, punctuate the film at regular intervals with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very intimate, a patient observer, devious and discreet. The language is rich, spontaneous, the actors play transparent. Some standout scenes, such as the girls who hang out, each reveal his deepest fantasies. Lanisha's confession of his acceptance of a death by random violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. Her sharing with her mother of her confusion and fear of the harsh challenges of adult life is just as moving and beautifully beautiful and positive. <br /> <br /> The social realities are respected and not propagandized: the three girls are raised in single one of the mothers, Lanisha, has an active father in his life (and it is not a coincidence if it is the most emotionally and empathically stable, and the most self-respecting, two of them have asthma, a disease disproportionately spread in the city center. Accepted daily event only momentarily interrupts their conversation: only one of the girls, Joy, has hope, feels like they are in control of the future, while the other two have already accepted, to varying degrees, the despair. <br /> <br /> It's by far the best American drama I've seen in years, see, see, see.
