I think back to the time when I was holding my boyfriend to feel it when I was 16 years old. The small moments of this film are so precise and to the extent of what happens in the head and heart of young girls during adolescence. Now, at my age, I want to talk to them about their decisions and how life at these times is not as important as it sounds. That if they could be patient in their youth and wait to live the ordeals of both external and internal life, this life would be so much softer. But again, today's young people are confronted with variables that I have never had to deal with a young person. <br /> <br /> The three main characters well interpreted by the three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us the very credible representation of a piece of reality for young girls living in impoverished situations. They have a poor family life, all raised by single mothers, while waiting for Lanisha whose father is present but does not actively support her daily life. They have impoverished education systems and have no direct contact with the models to follow. These situations affect them powerfully and constitute their reality, but all this does not have depressive importance for these young women on a daily basis. They except their difficult situation and focus on the same concerns as girls around the world. Find true love in a man, have good friends to rely on, earn respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. It is there that this film crosses the race, the gap in terms of age and sex imposed on it by its characters and the decoration in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> Director and screenwriter McKay explains on the DVD how each of the scenes came into his head, simply by observing young people of that age who lived in this type of neighborhood. In addition, you add three new actresses who are not so far from this time of their own life that you get a real good synergy of reality and that works at best. The only thing I know (Afro-Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a spiritual member of the family or a neighbor who is in the foreground or near the field and who believes in a better day and a life and a future. despite the current situation and its role. modeling that to a certain extent. This has never been addressed in the film so as not to preach and I understand it but it also reduces the culture to hope nothing more than themselves. <br /> <br /> The HOPE FACTOR: I'm thinking now of my future and my original position, and I repeat, as Lanisha did: "It's a good day." Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other isism that we can add. Yes, some of these girls' actions perpetuate isms and self-destruct, everything around them is impoverished, but NO of these past or present actions or their environment leaves them without hope for the future. I was left with a sad hope of each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a model in the life of a girl about to make a destructive decision. I guess it's the value of the film that he should not only entertain, but also make each of us think, think and act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
