"One day, we will walk in the rays of a beautiful sun One day, when the world will be much brighter" - The 5 steps of stairs "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> The films on adolescents Blacks usually involve downtown drug gangs or violence on a hip-hop soundtrack. It's hard to find movies about the everyday problems of ordinary teenagers in inner-city neighborhoods, yet I would like to recommend a jewel to discover. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls from Brooklyn's Crown Heights section who are learning that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal and must decide on their future direction. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old man and not an adult who remembers the past as in most new generation films. Avoiding the mandatory street slang and the excessive use of F words, he offers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a turning point in their lives. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at the local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a true fanfare whose rehearsals for a Labor Day parade bring them discipline and purpose. <br /> <br /> Similar to George Gordon's Gordon Gordon Green but less stylized, the film features black and Latino non-professional actors with Kerry Washington in the foreground. Although the performances have moments of amateurism, I became so involved in the story that I forgot that the girls even acted. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that she was pregnant with Terrell, a local student. She wants to have the baby despite being only 15 years old and knows that Terrell will probably not be a big help. Joycelyn works in a luxury clothing store but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very poignant scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans and then goes to bed to recite one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at first, but she walks away to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls get a lot of support at home and Maria is too scared to talk to her mother about her baby. Yet single mothers are not movie fools or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited by the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced but she can visit her father, a doorman in a luxury building and talk about music. Her mother is comforted when Lanisha learns that a neighborhood friend has committed suicide, a rather melodramatic plot in an otherwise realistic film. As the summer ends, the girls separate and each chooses a different course. There are no great dramatic moments, however, only the sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we do not know the frustrations that might await them, we identify with their hopes and dreams without dwelling on the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that refuse to see life other than by chance.
