When you start watching this animated masterpiece, you'll quickly notice that it's a European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés that would normally be found in such American production, most are lacking. One of them is that there is an immense evil that only our heroes (very few and very improbable) can overcome. Another is that one of the members of the group has only money, he is greedy, he fled when the heat is at the rendezvous but he gives in to his best nature. This film would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a television series released four years before the film. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first, I thought that the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: anyone who did the animation knew his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in the still images, they do not even seem real), they seem as alive and sensitive as the audience that follows them. Create characters that, according to "normal" criteria, could be considered as deformed (these micro-legs could never wear this giant body, much less make it jump) if alive and adorable is more than "just a nail"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance but because of its inventiveness. The world in which our heroes travel is not as solid as ours, but consists of many pieces of land of various shapes and sizes that seem to float in the air. When a person walks on a small piece of ground, she nods a little as if she were flagging. In some cases, the ups and downs no longer apply, but our heroes still manage to gain a foothold somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, it is quite credible in this film and, after a short while, nothing seems more strange than stumbling upon a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the looks of the world are not as breathtaking as the idea. As true as it may seem, the quality of the world, the characters, and the attention to detail are astounding. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, the emotions can be read as clearly as on the faces of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and no settings are alike. The background is always moving, something is always happening that gives the impression that the world is even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you'll be surprised how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector puts the cherry on the cake. Hector is a small furry "thing" (maybe the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is totally adorable and extremely funny. Although it is not really important for the main plot, it would be missed, just as Scrat would be in the ice age. The good thing about Hector is that you have to speak gibberish to understand it. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so good, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot in itself was rather thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a very bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, it's not really original. That in itself would not really be a problem. What I missed was the basic information. What kind of dragon was he and why did he look like this? I love mythical stories, but if they become too thin, they seem to be written once the film is finished, in a weak attempt to give depth to the whole. <br /> <br /> Another thing I did not like was Zoe. . Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was a bit of a pain in this movie. She seemed reluctant to any kind of learning about reality, still dreaming of a hero from a history book and basically slowing down others. She would have been OK if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or if she had been less girly to start. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to distort the story a little unseemly for the writers. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a very good movie for just about any age.
