My first impression would be that it is only Beowulf, with all the good sides of the fight against Grendel and the intact dragons, making it a round of thunder from start to finish. Written by Frederick Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, they both created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in their own history, with its ever-changing environment of small spheres of earth floating around, which can be uncultivated lands or globes . greenery. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, it tells a country that huddles in expectation of the unwanted visit of a mighty dragon to loot and destroy, and the resident knights have all been wiped out. Enter the granddaughter of the king, Zoe (Marie Drion), which brings together Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brute with a huge strength but really a nice giant, and his arms partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who balances the partnership with him. cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (as well as their domestic creature who spit too proudly on emerging fires) share the same dream: own farmland and spend idyllic days caring for their retired farm animals. financially free, hence their career in the extermination of monsters that does not quite bring back. <br /> <br /> That's the point, but what makes this movie a spectacle is its CG graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed and a breathtaking wonder. It contains superbly crafted action scenes that have been painstakingly designed to immerse you in the heat of the moment, and during these fight sequences, there is not a minute of boredom. Photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes put aside the fantasy of pretending, and it is easy to marvel at the landscape that exceeds the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying thingamajigs (here George!) And I could not get tired of the final battle, even if the usual brick sticks would find something to complain about the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I guess this movie had opened my eyes. that there are many more computer animation companies in the world whose product quality matches that of Pixar. And it's definitely a movie whose local filmmakers from Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn from? For the story to be simple, let your art work in motion all the talk. Strongly recommended!
