Initially, I would have thought that Secret Sunshine had something critical to say about religion (and here, to be Christianity), and I wondered if it would be a rant against the ills of the blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposed to be holier than you. Surprisingly, this was not the case and was largely devoid of judgment, setting up events in fact and allowing the public to draw their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can not Help me laugh at the song of Song Kang-ho, a man who very much likes the widower Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon) and starts going to church when she does it. The reasons for going to church are many, I suppose, either to find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal damnation under the fires of hell, to reaffirm faith, or even things like wanting to get married in a church or grazing Chase (I do not make fun of you). But to everyone's reasons for coming to church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for fellowship, which is really dangerous, is when the underlying ulterior motives are not satisfied, and that's is when frustration sets in. Or when you discover how a hypocritical man can be, portraying one face inside the house of God and another outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun settle in the city of Miryang, the birthplace of her deceased husband. . Wanting to start her life again, she opens a piano shop to give lessons, although the discovery of her newfound freedom and her lack of discernment make her face another tragedy. And it takes an hour to get there. Secret Sunshine has really taken its time to get to this point, where things are starting to get a little more interesting with Shin-ae now embracing religion to treat and accept his current state, rejoicing in the comfort that religion and believers, can offer. <br /> <br /> What began as a call to sympathy turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers this miracle solution to the evils of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if is because of your personal myopic vision. what the Almighty does for you, you begin to take a somewhat selfish view that everything is fine for you, and in the case of Shin-ae, his magnanimous attitude to forgive those who have it abused, forgetting something very fundamental <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of the lot, because it says a lot, where most of us can identify - why me and why not to another, as we are furious with our faith and start asking questions, unfortunately, without firm and quick answers. It is then that we fall on the edge of the road or that we pursue with destructive acts in such a rebellious way. But one way or another, the card is carefully drawn in Secret Sunshine not to offend, and what could have been an ugly character spokesman has become dumb. <br /> <br /> If you bite into the hype that this film generates, then maybe you'll realize that only Jeong Doeyon's excellent performance deserves to be mentioned because she fully assumes her role as widow Shin -ae, who is probably the most unlucky person on Earth having to deal with so many tragedies in a short time. , and if you look at her closely, most are her. Seeing his transformation, it's worth the price of the ticket, and despite the fact that my favorite Korean actor, Song Kang-ho, is in the film, it's something he just went through.
