The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, like Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young son whose husband died from a tragic accident and leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, his hometown, with his young son. . Jeon's face is very changeable. She is a little girl, coquettish, elegant, old and sad, desperate and joyous, with her and terribly isolated in turns, and everything is in her face. The film also stars Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks down in Miryang, who runs a garage in town and follows her all the time afterwards, despite her lack apparent interest. in his attentions. Song is currently the biggest star of Korea, famous for her work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet, he plays here a disposable character, almost a forgotten man. But of course, it makes it interesting and curiously appealing. It is the essential ballast to prevent Jeon's character from flying. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor Seoul, a city "like nowhere else," as Kim says (exactly as he is like everyone else). His little boy is playful, as are little boys, but it is obvious that he is sometimes damaged and withdrawn. His father was snoring, and when he misses, he stays awake, pretending to snore. He goes to school and Shin-ae meets parents, students and traders. There is a sense of belonging in the film, even if the place is somehow "anywhere". People speak in local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Shin-ae in Seoul is immediately noticed. Is life really harder here, far from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae does not seem to realize the danger she is in. <br /> <br /> There is something terrible happening. And Shin-ae does not necessarily deal with it in the best way possible. But this happens and she has to face the consequences. But she can not. She's going to pieces. An author is caught, but it is not a consolation. She eventually becomes so desperate that she goes to a newly born Christian meeting, which her acquaintance asked her to attend. She finds peace and liberation with that. But when she decides not only to forgive the author, but to go to the prison to tell him, this experience is full of irony and she destroys it again. She becomes embittered and desperate and no longer finds comfort in religion. And it gets worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives him everything in this extremely demanding and protean role. Lee Chang-dong may be a very good director. If an actor of the stature of Song Kang-ho expresses immense admiration to him, it is convincing. According to LA Weekly's Scott Foundas, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002), he is described as "one of the major characters in his country's recent film revival. ". But it's not as successful as the films of other Korean filmmakers whose work I have already seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigious and almost wicked Park Chan-wook. This can actually start, as Foundas says, as a sort of "Asian Alice no longer lives here", then "abruptly and without warning" turns into "a thriller, and sometime after, an almost Bressonian study on the human suffering. "But this progression does not only seem random and indigestible, the film slumps and loses its momentum towards the end, then simply fades, without any sense of an end." There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes insane risks with her son and makes bad choices from the beginning, and if she's doomed like Betty in Betty Blue by Jean-Jacques Beineix, which could explain her strange and erroneous choices is an interesting film, certainly disturbing, but that leaves doubtful and dissatisfied after having subjected an emotional riotist. <br /> <br /> An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, 2007: an event that recently defeated Korean filmmakers.
