Korean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, because of the multiplicity of tones and genres that you can find in the same movie. In a Coreen drama such as "Secret Sunshine", you'll also find comedy roles, thriller scenes and romantics. "There are not only tragedies in life, there are also tragedies," says at one point in the film the character played by Song Kang-ho, summarizing the mix of the painting. But do not get me wrong, this heterogeneity of genres treated by the film adds veracity to the experience that this rich film offers to its audience. This does not mean that it lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman who suffers. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, in search of a quiet life with her son, in the hometown of her late husband, really gives, through all the faces of suffering that she goes through, a unity at this time. movie. Its realistic part is erased by the psychological descriptions of all phases of the poor mother. Denial, lost, anger, faith, contradiction of reality: the film describes all the steps taken by the character and looks like a psychological catalog of all phases of suffering that a woman can live. <br /> <br /> accept what may sound like a conceptual experience (the woman wears the mask of tragedy, the man represents the comical interludes) and let the artifices of the film touch you. I must say that some parts of the film really moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those concerning Chang Joan's inability to really help the one he loves, but also the fact that the accumulation of suffering was has tired emotionally. Nevertheless, certain cinematographic ideas are truly breathtaking and surprising (the scene where a body is discovered on a large plane is for example astonishing). This kind of scenes makes "Secret Sunshine" the melodic equivalent of "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of murder" for thrillers. These films are indeed surprising, original, aesthetically incredible and manage to give another dimension to the genres they treat. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets, because "The host" forgot to scare, is to make his audience cry: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
