Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong in the world of cinema after an absence of several years. Already having three critically acclaimed films to his credit, he recruits the now-famous veteran Jeon Doyeon and his considerable talents (winner at Cannes) for the lead role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey into a woman's tragedy and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that emerges from the observation of Secret Sunshine is that it is not interested in following a particular genre, but, on the contrary, picks up the traits of the genre when this is necessary to convey what he is trying to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae when she travels with her son to the city of Milyang (whose Sino-Korean translates into Secret Sunshine). She moved to Milyang the day after the death of her husband because it was his hometown, the film was born of a tragedy. And you think things might work out when she opens a piano shop and meets the nasty, overpowering mechanic, Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But it's not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> As we (and Jongchan, tenaciously) follow Shinae as she encounters Milyang and the fate she holds for him, the cracks in her armor quickly become obvious. . She is a troubled woman trying to seize her own strength to overcome the tragedy and we see her find that she is not enough. Secret Sunshine always manages to follow an essentially Aristotelian dramatic arc, but disregards catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the romantic symbolism present in the name of Milyang, the discussions on the sun and the images used. The film left me very happy, once I started thinking a little more about the film. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeon is rather impressive, especially since, if the role had been less well played, it would have quickly turned into a rather painful melodrama, but it captures the nuances of Shinae's attempts to deal with his losses with a layer of subtlety. Mr. Song plays a much less important role in this film than the other films, but he performs adequately and gives the stage appropriately to Ms. Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in a classic sense. Here, we do not use visual aesthetics: the director clearly tries to let the story tell itself. I think my only real complaint, and one that might not be corrected, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a little distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least me). I think part of that is the nature of the work, because if you had total empathy you would not be able to see the problems that Shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I never felt touched by Shinae's fate, despite her many tears and her increasingly erratic behavior. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film remains impressive, especially in that it made me think About it, the other meanings that are present and its ruminations on the tragedy, the adaptation to oneself Even self-deception, isolation, and faith stayed with me long after the end of the credits. Powered by a strong performance in mind, I honestly did not notice its running time of 2.25 hours. And it says something. Good game. 8/10.
