Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and other festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the role of widower Shin-ae, won the best actress trophy at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine also won the Best Feature Award and Jeon-Do Yeon received the Best Actress Award from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film has won Best Film Awards in virtually all Korean film festivals. Secret Sunshine expresses the hope and salvation that can be found when life is difficult because of a continuing tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and screenwriter of this film, said in an interview, "In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is, and this film could be a melodrama in a sense, without love we can not talk about hope and salvation. "Lee acknowledged that Secret Sunshine did not have an apparent gender. This film is not a film about religion, but it attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea because it included many Christian elements. <br /> <br /> The turning point of Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shin- The son of Ae is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper is asking for money because he assumes that since he can buy land, he must be rich. His lie causes a lot of grief. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church follower and wants to forgive the killer. She decides to visit the murderer of his son in prison and to forgive him. Jong-chan, the guy's friend from Shin-ae, says, "Just forgive in your heart, do you have to go to jail?" Members of her church acclaim her and tell her that they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. This is a sad moment because it is too early for her to act. The result of the encounter with the murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. It provokes anger with her towards God. She said, "How could you forgive the man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. She rolls her eyes and proclaims, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap and her hands are chains. It's more bitter than death. She becomes more and more crazy and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. The day Shin-ae leaves the hospital, she goes to a beauty shop and sees a familiar face. The daughter of the murderer of his son works in the shop and cuts his hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-ae's son. While cutting Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist does not understand what's happening and leaves the store quickly. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to mention Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does his best to be next to Shin-ae. Although Shin-ae does not care at all about him, he is at his side all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who started going to church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels at peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sun), the rural city or vice versa. He seems to be "too laic and frivolous, but he is still close to her and takes care of her." Milyang is like him. Mr. Lee added, "Somebody jokingly said that Jong-chan could be an angel, I think he could be the angel, who knows, we can not say with certainty that there no angel. " If there is a person like Jong-chan who accompanies forever the meanders of his lover, we can defend against the most powerful. Shin-ae's life is full of meaning. Her husband died after deceiving her and her only son was cruelly murdered by a murderer after moving to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she wrongly learned about Christianity - and that makes her mad, literally. It's too easy to say that his life is full of meaning. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair alone: ​​we walk alone in the journey of our lives. She realizes, however, that it is difficult to do it alone and we know that we can not do everything ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror for her as she cuts her hair. It's his hope. She has Jong-chan next to her and he is ready to help in any situation. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel for her. If we feel that an angel is always beside and behind us, we can find joy in life even if we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like Da Vinci Code. While Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the history of the early church, Secret Sunshine invites us to handle the mess of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a superficial interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us see beneath the surface. Some people say that they stopped attending worship after watching Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong replied, "They were already anti-Christ before watching this movie.Sun Sunshine is the story of the life of a woman and we can interpret her life through Shin-ae's life.
