Lee Chang-dong's outstanding "Sunshine Secret" is the most moving experience of the year. It is a character that gives immediate reflection and brutally honest reverberations of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with a striking density of thought, while remaining as impenetrable as the emotions he observes. Through his stratified naturalism and striking vision of the dynamics of small towns, Lee implicitly deconstructs traditional Korean melodrama by separating the kinematics of excess and shredding the arcs that shape his characters and base the debate on an overwhelming realism of stoic realism. . <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains a fluid work extremely convincing throughout its 142 minutes of execution. His first hour of bravery is packed with subtextual insinuations, remarkable prefigurations and reversals of your skillfulness caused by humanistic whims. Adapted from a short story, Lee infuses the film with his sensitivity for the sublime paradoxes of life, seen for the last time in his unthinking and comic "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are forged when visions of our universe change, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of a widow's pain through a field of inquiry, but also feels the existential tumultuous currents that underlie the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in understanding the horror of human experience. <br /> <br /> The award for the best actress in Cannes in 2007 is well deserved. Her performance as widow Shin-ae remains an implacable enigma. As a character separated by forces beyond his control, the very magnificence of this performance is at the heart of the turbulent nature of the film. While Jeon tries to turn hurricane one after the other, there is a terrible feeling of collapse that the film never approaches to his credit. Instead, he finds a delicate balance that undermines the heavy theatricality and banality that results from ordinary tragedies and its fallout. She becomes the center of the film universe as well as ours. Filmed in CinemaScope format, the film demolishes the cinematism of frames and compositions by becoming visually accurate, just as it is painfully wrenching when the camera never loses Shin-ae's gaze through moments of happiness, guilt and remorse . <Br /> <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the suspicious little town of Miryang ?? the awkwardness of community situations, his uncomfortable silences and his devastations born of personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with the city's inhabitants rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are simply fulfilled by the need to integrate for the sake of his son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), single, mechanic with uncertain intentions, helped her to go to Miryang during the enchanting and enchanting sequence of the film, projected in full sun. Song is positioned as a humorous anti-hero in South Korea's greatest films, but his subtle and discreet presentation here suggests the director's thought process of never having to reveal more than is clearly needed. <br /> <br /> If the pain is essential ephemeral, sorrow can never really dissipate. And Lee finds complexity in sustenance. When Shin-ae tries to embark on the path of reconciliation to find herself again confronted with unimaginable sorrow, she unsuccessfully uses the communion of evangelical Christianity to counteract her sorrow. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion, in the context of the human web of conflict and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never reprimands the essence of religion, because he realizes the value of salvation for some by means of a higher power, even if it serves a form of denial in others. The scenes in his last half that deal with religion do not allow themselves to become aggressive scornful, which is a feat in itself given the number of filmmakers who have let the momentum of the material take precedence over what they need to say to be true to his story. and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since taking office as Minister of Culture and Tourism in his country is an uncompromising thesis of human suffering. In a film so naive and authentic, it painfully reveals that there is nothing simpler than emotional catharsis, nothing but the suppression and mitigation of agony. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with tender mercy drawn from evanescence, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
