I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review that appears on the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a rebuttal. The film in a word is superlative. He does not deserve the defamatory criticism that the author has written. I think the writer totally missed the purpose of the film. In fact, I too was shocked by the excessive demonstrations of evangelical devotions that occupied the center of the film to a large extent. However, I must pray to differ with the critic in this, this film in the end is not a propaganda for evangelical action. I think the director has shown that religion is not enough to find all the answers, but that religion is largely unable to provide answers to simple and basic questions that can be asked and that all that religion has to offer is sometimes helpful. just trivial banalities of one kind or another. This does not demonstrate a value judgment on religion, because we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary people, generally well-intentioned and fundamentally good people, who generally do not have the monopoly of the truth and that, therefore, religion can not provide the ultimate answers. to some questions in life. In the end, it's a matter of faith. You must take it on faith and that's all. And if you are given to faith, then you can appreciate every demonstration of faith. And if you are not entrusted to faith, any demonstration of faith is tedious. It is therefore instructive to note at the same time the reaction of the critic to the film. In any case, the director shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions. Despite this, life goes on and there is a "secret sun" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And this is only the central message of the film! Please note the last scene of the movie, if you do not get it! In the end, the film is great and inspires a lot of thought and confronts you - the viewer with questions you have to answer for yourself. It is therefore a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the critic that the gospel thing was a little too much. However, given the above interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the act that he might not call himself an evangelist ?? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great, as always. He is so balanced and perfect that he is just amazing. He is without a doubt my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon received the Cannes award for best actress for this film. However, I did not find any specialty in his role. It seems that to get rewards, you just have to act really convincingly in hysterical and crying scenes. Overall, it's a good movie. If you do not like it ?? please look again and see if you get it! If this leaves you dissatisfied, uncomfortable or asking questions, then think, if that's not what the director was really aiming for through this movie!
