Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest works of all the great directors: he started making art-house films in his Netherlands before settling in Hollywood where he started producing subversive genres which are often regarded as mere entertainment by the crowd. The Fourth Man (1983) is his last film before settling in the United States and seems to have been a transition film for him. <br /> <br /> Since the beginning of The Fourth Man, it is clear that the film will be seen from the point of view of the famous author Gérard, although impoverished. In a seemingly homage to Carol Reed's 1949 film The Third Man, the film begins with an author making a trip to speak to a crowd of literature buffs. The similarities stop there, however, Gerard does not encounter major complications before arriving at the auditorium and the speech itself is going rather well. Despite the relative ease with which he performs this function, we know that the author is somewhat troubled because he has realistic fantasies about the murder of his roommate before leaving home. more and more peephole a door. It is all the more obvious that he sometimes finds it difficult to keep his fantasies out of reality, when an anecdote he tells is revealed to be false and he admits that he "lies the truth until that he does not know if something has done or not, 'does not happen.' <br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of fantasies and surrealist dreams all the more disturbing because it is so easy to see how they relate to events we have seen are taking place and because they sometimes foreshadow events that have taken place. Between the effectiveness of unreal sequences and Verhoeven's cautious editing style, this film is the most atmospheric on this side of Do not Look Now and, like this film, it is full of ambiguity. Contrary to this film, The Fourth Man is also strangely funny that Gerard's deep Catholic beliefs infiltrate all aspects of his life, including sexuality. He naturally associates a hairdresser he knows intimately with the Biblical Delilah, while fearing to remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with his scissors. In a fantastic erotic sequence that would make Luis Buñuel blush, he substitutes a man to whom he is attracted by a statue of Christ in real size on the cross. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror movie that manages to attract the viewer. in the spirit of the protagonist while maintaining a certain ambiguity: it seems that Gerard is in danger, but it is perhaps more of his "lie the truth". The film is also full of subtle and subtle visual symbols, making it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
