See VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a rather confusing and rather fascinating experience. It is a psychological thriller / psychological thriller very tight and intense Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before becoming big with his "free ticket to Hollywood", the film FLESH + BLOOD. In many user reviews on this site, I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this film could very well be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed touches of Cronenberg (the visceral), flavors of David Lynch (surrealistic images) and even Roman Polanski (plot editing). What is funny is that the films of these directors that I thought watching DE VIERDE MAN were made only after 1983, year of the release of THE FOURTH MAN. So, go understand. <br /> <br /> The story of Gerard Reve's original novel deserves a lot of credit. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing on the dangerous line of a serious psychosis). Now, did anyone stop and think that the word "dream" is French for "dream"? And the film contains a lot of dreamlike / nightmarish sequences, often to such an extent that you do not always know for sure whether Gérard is awake or dreaming. Is it a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renee Soutendijk is quite amazing as a leading woman (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes seems guilty of over-acting (subtly). But this aspect was clearly intentional to portray the character she plays, because as this film goes on, you do not know what to think about this lady and her intentions. Prove again what an excellent actress she is. I might add that the film also contains several scenes depicting male and female frontal nudity, as well as rather explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that certain scenes and aspects were clearly the scene plans that will be shot later for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another aspect of this film is its symbolism and biblical references / images, which allegedly caused the film to be deeply hated by some conservative / Catholic movements when it was released in Europe. In both cases, the film deserves a second viewing. Now, someone recently told me that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is supposedly maneuvering in a position where the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary is necessary to resolve itself. I myself have big problems with the way Catholicism has been and is still sometimes described in many films, regardless of genre (so not only when it comes to religious horror films) ). But surprisingly, I had no fear of the fourth man. Although the appearance of the Virgin Mary in the plot makes me scratch my head at one point, I also had fun with, in a way. I think the key word for why it did not bother me at all is "duality". Because this film works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" could solve the plot from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film implies that all this could have been the delusional ravings of a madman. And that's the fun part: you never know for sure. And then there is the question: Would Gerard Reve somehow get a distorted view of things to come ... like receiving omens? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to trick Christine into thinking he's clairvoyant. The way he plays Christine in this scene is particularly enjoyable to watch. <br /> <br /> So with her captivating story, compelling acting skills and her sense of direction, DE VIERDE MAN is really highly recommended (especially enjoy a strong European psychological horror film ). But be sure to see the original Dutch version (not the dubbed one).
