I do not know if I would consider this a masterpiece, but it's close. He is extremely well done, artistic, suspenseful, complex, thematically stimulating and full of dark, sexo-religious images. There is also great filming by Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score by Loek Dikker and notable actors Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter offering one of the most underhand and subtle "femme fatale" performances that I have never seen. Like many other European films, this film adopts a shameless and judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality and is not afraid to mix it with religious and / or surrealistic images (some would say blasphemous). In other words, if you can not stand the idea of ​​seeing a homosexual animated by lust imagine the object of his carnal desire as Jesus was crucified on the cross before they went away to the inside a cemetery crypt, this might not be the case. movie for you. What surprises me most is how this bizarre movie managed to completely avoid being a pretentious mess. He mixes abstract / surreal / fantasy-reality scenes and somehow makes it all work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces set up as the movie progresses. There is NO out of field left resolution here. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary fill and once it is finished, you begin to understand the purpose of what may have baffled you earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee you'll love this movie. Damn it, if you do not even know who they are, you may still like it. <br /> <br /> I will not spoil the plot by describing too many details, but the opening plan of the film - on a canvas like a spider catches its prey - starring Krabbé, the bisexual writer and unshaven Gerard Reve (curiously, the name of the writer he is the novel) crosses the path with a rich woman, mysterious and sexy named Christine (Soutendijk, combining androgynous styles to Simone Simon (a pretty innocence / cutie) annoying), who could be a "black widow" in the literal sense and responsible for the death of her three previous husbands.The two become lovers and settle with each other, but we are led to believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not really exist) Something terrible is boiling the surface When another lover of Christine, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffma n), shows up at home, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> THE 4TH MAN has been a huge success in art houses all over the world, but did not reach the United States until 1984, when he was awarded Best Foreign Film of the World. year of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the press release, which has been horribly dubbed. Try to avoid this one and head straight for the subtitled DVD version of Anchor Bay. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and lousy movies (Showgirls). In fact, Basic Instinct, the great success of Verhoeven, looks almost like a less interesting and less interesting version of The Fourth Man in the junior league. Soutendjik also tried to play in America and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were her best offers, she returned home to the Netherlands.
