The morbid Catholic writer Gérard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), homosexual, alcoholic and often with visions of death, is invited to give a lecture at the literary club of Vlissingen. When he is at the Amsterdam train station, he feels an unmatched attraction for a handsome man who embarks on another train. Gerard is introduced to the club's treasurer and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx beauty salon and who holds a nightstand. The next morning, Gerard sees the photo of Christine's boyfriend, Herman (Thom Hoffman), who recognizes him as the man he saw at the station. He offers to bring Herman home to spend a few days together, but for the secret purpose of seducing the man. Christine goes to Cologne to take her boyfriend and Gérard remains alone in his house. He drinks whiskey and security, finding three reels of film bearing the name of a man; he decides to watch the footage and discovers that Christine married the three guys and they all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard thinks Christine is a witch and wonders if Herman or him will be her fourth condemned husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Vierde Man" is another magnificent feature film by Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent storyline that uses Catholic symbols to create the tension associated with intelligent dialogues. magnificent performance of Jeroen Krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. The inconclusive resolution is subject to interpretation, as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who use the nudity of men to promote their films; However, Paul Verhoeven uses the nakedness of Gerard Reve as part of the plot and is never aggressive or looking for sensationalism. Last but not least; The androgynous beauty of the sexy Renee Soutendijk perfectly matches her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th man")
