Paul Verhoeven's predecessor, "Basic Instinct", is an elegant and shocking neo-black thriller. Verhoeven became known for his rather sordid trashy films, both in his native Holland and in the United States. This film is one of the reasons. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); gay, alcoholic and slightly crazy writer, who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. There he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who takes him home where he discovers a beautiful picture of one of his lovers and proclaims that he will meet him, even if it kills him. Paul Verhoeven distorts the truth several times in this film, which ensures that you never know where you are. Many events in The Fourth Man might be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something else, which keeps the audience off their seat for the duration and also makes the movie work as narrative as well. . he is prospering. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels compelled to restrain himself and this is one of the things I love most about him. This film presents a very shocking scene that made me sick for hours (and it does not happen very often!). I will not spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the full version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes which are less shocking than the one I mentioned, but which are nevertheless delightful; a man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe through his skull, a boat is broken in two ... adorable. <br /> <br /> Playing in The Fourth Man is not something to tell at home, but it's solid all the way through. Jeroen Krabbé holds the public's attention and presents himself as the drunken author. Renee Soutendijk impresses most, however, as a femme fatale at the center of the story. His performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original fatale did it better. Paul Verhoeven's leadership is strong because he directs our attention through many points of view, all of which help to create the mystery of history. Verhoeven has continued to make mistakes, but he obviously has talent and it's a pity he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven films I've seen, it's the best and although it can be difficult to find; Believe me, the effort is worth it.
