A film that can make you shed tears of sadness and joy would be considered an important step in the career of an ordinary filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest narrator, has been doing it in various film formats for years. At the time, THE COLOR PURPLE was considered risky, especially after action classics like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. With hindsight, this film should not have surprised, because Spielberg had made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE his entry into the intellectual kitchen. It's quite an entry. No special effects, no bluster, just a brilliant narration based on a literary classic of Alice Walker. One of the surprises is that Spielberg was able to present such a moving film about African Americans from the far south. Slavery has disappeared, but in the south represented here, it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always punished for having sentimentalized his images or for adding an element of puerility to the pleasure of the public. It's really the first of the neglected movies of his career that you can not make those observations. This is the first in a series of movies that people do not see or see because there are no extraterrestrials. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, LIST OF SCHINDLER, & c. His impressive talent is evident with this specific image because A) he mainly uses untrained actors for the first time, B) he tackles a topic that, in his opinion, was unsuitable for the screen, and C) It's a pure drama without string where the characters grow and change over the course of thirty years. His appearance and reach are almost epic and the fact that he did not win a single Academy Award from 11 nominations is a travesty and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as the tortured Celie, an unattractive woman abandoned by her incestuous father to an abusive Danny Glover, whom she only knows as "Sir". The film follows a series of occasional beatings and psychic tortures she undergoes with "Mister". The film rated PG-13 is quite open to the sexual issues raised by the novel Walker. This is by no means the "burning bed" in Georgia. No blatant revenge has been taken as one might expect. This is graceful. Goldberg plays perfectly a human being, someone who needs love and who deserves it. The most poignant and heartbreaking moment of the film comes when Goldberg and his sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Perhaps prefiguring the separation of the Holocaust between the child and the parent?) You may need to check the pulse if this sequence does not move you. <br /> <br /> The mauve color represents the beauty of the fields and the flowers that surround them. poor people. There is really enough to live, but love triumphs over everything. Spielberg takes note: the guy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute extraterrestrials. <br /> <br /> NOTE: 10 of 10
