This misnamed Western series has won the Emmy Award for Best Subscribed Program and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by Republic, the studio that acted better than anyone, and they put their best. Each episode was built around a true historical figure of the old west. A railroad detective named Matt Clark, similar to the future Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the 1920s and 1930s, was able to get involved in almost every notorious Western outlaw between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best thing about the show was Jim Davis. Tall, sturdy, handsome, in good shape, with an authentic Western accent and excellent flying skills that made him quite convincing in the action scenes, Davis was every time the Western hero. He was accompanied by two charming and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" in the first season and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" in the second. Each worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what happened later was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. Action Action director William Witney has directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action in Polish. Republic's vast stock of archive footage from series and B has been used to expand. The level of individual episodes has increased or decreased with the quality of guests invited to play the outlaws. Marie Windsor, Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef, Jesse James, Parker Fess, Grat Dalton, Jean Parker, Kate Cattle, Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins, Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid". Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel have perfected their art. Harry Woods, Kenneth MacDonald, Earl Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, veterans with decades of experience, have given their skin the look of a vintage western. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there were only a limited number of famous Western outlaws. From the second season, the famous characters became an obscure moth for all history buffs. Nevertheless, some of the latest shows were a match for everyone, because of the guest stars. Henry Brandon described the thief Nate Champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was outstanding as a little outlaw Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs will want to see it.
