ROUEN PRIZE AND THE TRIUMPH OF "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite film of the general public, much more important than the jury prize, was Erik Clausen's brilliant bittersweet drama, "Villa Paranoia", also selected by the European Jury of the youth. its appeal to moviegoers of all ages. The next day, the director and actor Clausen went to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de la Loire, for a provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" received three other prizes: - Best film, Professional jury; Best film, audience award; and Best film of another youth jury composed of "high school students", French high school students. Five awards in one weekend - not a bad scoop for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" received the Grand Prix, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, from the famous British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), for a total of six price in one week. If Lars van Trier has placed Denmark on Dogma's staggered card in recent years, there is a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his team of performers will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer than the dogmatic drivel, that is to say, a mass audience that will appeal to young and old. In addition, the female star of her film, Sonja Richter, is so present on a magical screen that with a little more visibility, she has a good chance to become the next Scandinavian Diva International. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film written, directed and performed by Mr. Clausen and using certain motifs from Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a coveted role in the play Molière and, reduced to a totally stupid television commercial, she is about to commit suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a large chicken farm and sponsors the place, offers him a job with full board, taking care of his cantankerous father, senile, in a wheelchair, Walentin, who has not said anything since his wife Stella. committed suicide years ago. Anna is the only one who ends up finding a way to communicate with the silent and hostile old grouch - and also discovers that he has simulated deafness and immobility all these years - a living "Illness Illness". This will lead him to play the most important role of his own life to unveil the dark secret that led Walentin to totally withdraw from life and reality. The villa "Paradise-Paranoia", faithful to the Molière tradition of which it is partially a part, is a comforting, multi-layered dramatic drama psychodrama that literally has something for everyone and only needs an appropriate investment to achieve the kind of international reach it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / MARCH 21, 2005
