Passionate, dramatic, fascinating as flamenco himself, the film is simply amazing. It takes place on the music of the immortal Bizet. The original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, leader of the modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays a musician of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer, Antonio Gades, co-wrote the script and choreographed this fabulous version of the famous opera / novel Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée. He interprets the main character Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer, who tells the story of Carmen in the flamenco style, which combines dance, songs and rhythmic applause, and a very charged dynamic which seduces the spectators enormously. <Br /> <br /> The brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos, whose technical excellence corresponds to the elegant artist of her dance, shines in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer in the Gades Company for twenty years (1968-1988) and she was the protagonist of three films that Carlos Saura had made of three great Gades shows: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and "El Amor Brujo" (1985). Superb Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Antony immediately sees another Carmen, immortalized by two Frenchmen, the writer Prosper Merimee in his most famous novel written in 1846 that inspired George's famous opera-comique Bizet. version of 1875. <br /> <br /> As in the opera and in the short story, Carmen in the film of Saura is desirable and deadly, the ultimate femme fatale who must be free first. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and preferred death to submission. There are about fifty film adaptations of history and opera on screen, and as different as they are, they all have in common the only tragic end possible. The Saura / Gades film is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with it the first time I saw it more than twenty years ago and it is as beautiful and special today as it was at the time. Highly recommended.
