Young Mr. Lincoln is undoubtedly one of the masterpieces of the great John Ford, he passed virtually unnoticed at the time of his initial release. No wonder, as it was in 1939 with the release of several of the greatest movies in the history of cinema, including the most legendary. Western in the history of the genre, Stagecoach star John Ford and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith travels to Washington, which won the Oscar in the only category Young where Mr. Lincoln was nominated, which is the original screenplay. <br /> <br /> This is Ford's most underrated film for many years, destined to gradually disappear in the shadow of John Ford's masterpieces, but in the late 1950s , critics and American and European historians a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein on the film Young Mr. Lincoln, in which he praised and acknowledged that if he would have had the opportunity to make a US film until then, it would definitely be John Ford's film Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an indisputable preference of Eisenstein, critics began to revisit the film, but with slightly different eyes and the film's reputation has grown steadily ever since. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time that the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was shown on screen. In the early 1930s, Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as the Ford film, MGM took John Cromwell's, Abe Lincoln, Illinois. Curiously, they are both based on a very successful Broadway play published in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> With regard to John Ford's films, one can easily find many references to the life and deeds and even to the death of the mythical Lincoln character in several of the director's works, such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 Prisoner of Shark Island, the second, as Young Mr. Lincoln, uses as the main musical theme the favorite song of Lincoln - Dixie. <br /> <br /> The scenario based on a scene already mentioned and biographies of Lincoln was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, something quite rare for Ford but the final result was simply superb: a scenario combining elements of the play with several historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and legal practice culminating in a hilarious but mostly heartbreaking trial scene, which is the culmination of film and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln defends the two younger brothers accused of murder and must guess It is also a way to help their mother to appear in court as a witness and when the Advocate General (interpreted by Donald Meek) asks him to indicate which of his sons actually committed the murder, which obviously forces him to do an impossible act. choice to condemn to death one and let the other live. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very touching, heart-warming and even entertaining film, with a simply magnificent performance by Henry Fonda in his supreme personalization of Abraham Lincoln and a shocking voice. The richness of the other characters, no matter their size or size, is embodied in the marvelous and intelligent scenario and is guided by the talent of John Ford's genius in one of the best deliveries of all time. A must see for everyone. 10/10
