In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, the historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr. Lincoln a "boring and dreadful film". This surprisingly erroneous analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely movie critics. I am working on a doctoral thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for the writing of the thesis, I carefully analyzed this film and the brilliant interpretation that Tag Gallaghers has made in his flagship book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln is celebrating this year's culmination of the first phase of Ford's filmmaking in 1939. In the hottest Hollywood year, Ford makes three stunning films that are not yet popular: Drums Along the Mohawk , Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln. It may seem odd to say that diligence is not fully appreciated, but all critics, even the most blind, must understand that this is one of the greatest Westerns and perhaps even the most one of the hundred greatest movies of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - a triptych, in fact. Ford creates on the screen a kind of mythical history of America. Drums Along the Mohawk is the war of independence. Young Mr. Lincoln is America before the American Civil War. Finally, the diligence is America's post-civil war. The common point of the three films is that it is a long meditation on the American Adam and his "race in the desert". What are the psychic and social costs of America's manifest destiny, as America seeks to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the journey of the Americas as he seeks to reconcile civilizational law with desert freedom. Mr. Lincoln is not history (he is full of historical "howls" - as Ford and Trotti knew well), but of myth: it is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln , the man of the desert, struggling to found a civilization in itself and become the "remarkable legislator" of young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not a story like James Agee's about Lincoln, and like Sandburg's biography, it's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
