It's an entertaining "story" of the FBI, but it should be considered fiction, because that's exactly what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally endorsed and played a role in the production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and the cast, except for Vera Miles, who is talentless, is good. Murray Hamilton is particularly good in a supportive role as Stewart's partner and best friend. The FBI's achievements on which the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is significant is what he omits. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is the description of the murder of John Dillinger. It is described pretty much as it happened, but there is no mention of Melvin Purvis, the head of the Chicago office that ran the operation. Instead, the operation is described as if the fictional fiction Chip Hardesty was performing it. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that Purvis had received after the death of Dillinger; Purvis was then transferred to a remote post and soon left the FBI. That's probably why Purvis was never mentioned in the movie. But this viewer, at least, stopped thinking that if Purvis was treated this way, what about all the agents who did all the other operations described in the film? Have they also been completely ignored and replaced by Hardesty, a fiction? <br /> <br /> The film is probably faithful to the exact description of the FBI's activity until the end of the Second World War. However, after that moment, the film would have us believe that the only threat the United States faced came from international communism, which is probably what Hoover believed. It does not matter the mafia. It does not matter the lynchings still taking place in the south. It does not matter if blacks are intimidated to prevent them from voting in much of the South. I do not know if the FBI started using Martin Luther King at the time this film was shot, but if it was not, it was not too long later. <br /> <br /> As I said at the start, it's a good entertainment, but it should be considered a sanitized fiction.
