The Drug Years actually suffer from one of these aspects because of mini-series or other types of television documentaries broadcast several times on television. In fact, it's not long enough, in a way. All the great bases of the decades are covered and they are all interesting to note as views of the post-modern history and from different angles. But that hardly covers enough, or at least what is covered is sometimes called into question when it could be worth more time. For example, the information and details of the third part of the whole process of shipping massive amounts of drugs (partly marijuana, then cocaine) are really well presented, but some details are kept on demand. the time it takes to cover. <br /> <br /> Overall, the documentary provides enough detail on how drugs, popular culture, government intervention, the upper and lower classes, and the suburbs were all affected by the wave of various drugs. over the years, and the interaction between all was very obvious. No one in the movie - except for the possibility of small allusions to the pot) - does not outright approve of drugs, but what is shown are those archive clips about the honesty of what is sometimes fun, then tragic, about taking certain drugs. . The appearances of various ferocious, ridiculously anti-drug leaders hammer home some of the points - even with such insights into the drug culture and America's ties as a whole - because there is really only one major point which is advanced a few times by one of the interviewees. The only way to truly address the drug issue is not simply to say no, because, as the war on drugs has shown, it is not as effective as expected. It's really fair to say clearly on all sides of all the drugs and people who can be hypocrites about them (as, for example, oxycontin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some youth-oriented summer TV shows (that is, my age) that will see much of this story as an almost old story when most of them date back at least a generation, as well as for the "old" who can reflect A few decades later, about the great summits, moments of inattention, then the disillusionment caused by the same media as those broadcast and announced years ago. There are those who might find the documentary particularly biased, which is not totally false, but it tries to get enough different views on the social, political and entertainment conditions of the intertwined drug (for the better or worse) for enough of a fascinating view.
