With the death of her disabled husband, May, an older woman faces a future in an urban world that considers her as invisible, dead neck, and unwanted in the pseudo-sophisticated homes of her son, Bobby and her superficial woman. , Helen and Paula, an absorbed, sticky and untutored girl. The central family is anything but warm, supportive and understanding of its tragic new life stage with the death of her husband. The Mother is a discreet study that shows that in some societies the older parent is both a nuisance and a burden for adult children, whose career and research status obscures everything else. <br /> <br /> While May realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her waking and alive libido with her daughter's boyfriend, a carpenter and a tough guy. May embarks on an unrestrained sexual affair with Darren, whose character is initially sympathetic to her, but her imperfect nature is quickly revealed by the pressure of the women around her. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role Hollywood actresses of a certain age never complain about, but will never appear because the film's frankness, her declared sexuality, her unglamorous wardrobe , her skinny makeup and her social commentary on the banality of society in which most women in the film industry are rooted. Principal actress Anne Reid's performance ranges from calmness to vertigo and her performances blossom on screen, from the dull widow to a sexually living and liberated middle-aged woman without facelift, hair extensions and liposuction. She discovers more than her soul for the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is the jack of all trades, Derrek, who sleeps both his mother and his daughter. He turns into another stellar performance that is at first sympathetic to the widow's situation, but in the end is without redemption as his true nature unfolds and he is literally the rooster in a henhouse. The inability of his pointless character to say no to the ex-wife, to the boring girlfriend, and to her mother is accused of being at the root of her ineffective existence. Although he is good at building a conservatory, he is unable to make sense of his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best British movies in years, he's just grown up in his screenplay. The Mother is the kind of rare film that is perhaps too honest for the American public to tolerate not having a car chase, no bling, or a rap soundtrack to cover the cretinous performance of starlets and studmuffins chamois. The mother testifies to how aging baby boomers are now disposable people that kids are willing to forget, send to the nursing home and stand aside. May does not know what to do because Darren makes her alive, does not want to go to the elderly and discovers that her children are more conservative than they have ever been at their age.
