This is an excellent film about a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, previously best known in the UK for her television roles, including "Dinnerladies" (a series of Victoria Wood scenarios about restaurant workers in business, if you ask), gives a performance of under Well-judged estimation, May, In the 60s, mother mourning two adults in class chatting in a central London neighborhood. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies while visiting the male of this last species (Bobby), and we see the couple being greeted casually by Bobby and his family. Paula, May's teacher daughter (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives nearby, however, and the relationship between May and Paula initially seems to be tightening. So when May decides that she can not live at home and goes back to London, she can stay in Paula's house and care a little bit about her more grateful offspring. <br /> <br /> It's during May's visit to Bobby's house, she starts an affair with Darren, a friend of Bobby over 30 who is working on expanding his home. In what is perhaps the first dominant British film to describe it in this way, it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who initiate the meeting and, at least to begin with, it seems that the relationship is based on the mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on the DVD I saw: the differences in the IMDb distribution list suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the case is managed directly but without exploitation. The relationship between May and her daughter Paula, recently converted to "therapy and self-exploration," is more strongly illustrated and her mother never supported it. Paula is also Darren's mistress, and when she discovers together May's explicit but rather mediocre drawings, things deteriorate dramatically but controlled. Perhaps only in an English film, could a girl announce that she is going to beat her mother, ask him politely to get up and give him a whip. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, May shoots. in a putative relationship with a decent but older member (of his own generation) of Paula's writing group. The contrast between unwanted sex and his affair with Darren is clearly established. That's when May begins to acquiesce to Paula and Darren's worm begins to spin (he reveals to the cocaine that he may have been after his money, if not all the way through, but part of the race). So, May finds herself superfluous to the needs of her two children and eventually returns home (but then leaves in a jet plane for new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film lies in the fact that it describes with a flawless but sympathetic truth the nature of contemporary adult parent-brother relationships, where grief can leave the surviving parent feeling more lonely than if he had no one to take care of it. This is not new, but the opening of the representation of the sexual need in the over 60s could be. The darkness of the film's content, according to a scenario by Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it is lit (it seems like a perpetual summer) and the overall mood is exhilarating - it could have been so easily another room in a wet and rainy England. The end may be underwritten because we do not know where May is going or for how long - maybe she's Shirley Valentine with a pension, she's definitely not Picasso. Anne Reid is, however, a good actor whose professional life will surely have changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (by Paul Newman), "This is your image of Mary Poppins {read the Dinnerladies} for good". <br /> <br /> * Yes, he announced that October 2005 would be the new James Bond.
