It's hard to imagine a director capable of this kind of shit like "Notting Hill", pulling something so sensitive and appealing, but hey, here's the proof and it's pretty compelling. Many have referred to TV shows, and yes, there is sometimes a Play for Today sensation of the seventies, but it is still above average, largely because of some of Anne's awesome actors Reid and a good scenario that makes the shadow with cliche without ever having a nose, except perhaps just in the end. (I did not like either the indifferent farewell follow-up in the hallway, or the final scene of this beautiful morning: she deserved a finer finish than I think, after all this hard work.) Slippers Business was a little distant to the reflection). <br /> <br /> What I mean by avoiding clichés: well, I had the hope that the "mature" man that May's daughter would try to draw with clarity be molded in 2 dimensions like an old man pushing back, so as to indicate more clearly the contrast with the seductive and virile young geezer with which he is unconsciously in competition. Instead, we receive an unexpected, subtle and sympathetic cameo from a lonely, awkward man, not quite unpleasant and very human, who, nevertheless, has no idea of ​​entertaining a woman. That's about where I started to sit and pay more attention. Here is a scenario that allowed the actors to breathe and do something interesting with rather minor roles. Almost Mike Leigh in this respect (minus the artificial catharses that the latter uses inexplicably). <br /> <br /> And of course, I was, like everyone else probably, stunned by what Anne Reid does with her character and her body. She is / no / "the housewife repressed and devoted discovering for the first time" is too simplistic for the character we have. There are many allusions to her being a "bad housewife", not to mention what she does with trays, trying to have a neat and charming air and only succeeding in seeming awkward. The girl accuses her of having "sat all day in front of the television" instead of supposedly her maternal duties: she has no answer. She has never been a model woman or a mother, at least not for her. That's where all the intolerance, the feeling of losing your life trying to play a role in which she was just not good.
