After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left the airwaves on Saturday morning in the fall of 1986, I almost stopped watching cartoons on Saturday morning at that time, these being the only two that m have kept listening. And since neither the Real Ghostbusters nor the Flintstone Kids It seemed very promising, I "retired" and I started to sleep on Saturday morning. I did not return to Saturday morning television until 1988 for that year, for one and only one animation show. <br /> <br /> A new animated show from Superman was something I was not going to miss. I was 17 years old and I was in high school at the time, but so what! I loved this show. As far as I remember, this series was a gift for the fans, I guess, on the occasion of Superman's 50th birthday that year. There was the theme of music and music style reminiscent of John Williams's score of Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman's films. Honestly, I felt that the style of animation that made Ruby Spears recalled that of the Super Powers Team series: Galactic Guardians Hanna Barbera a few years ago. Unfortunately, Danny Dark was not back as a Superman, but I have the feeling that Beau Weaver did a very impressive job, because the voice of Superman and his Clark Kent was as lame as Chris Reeve's version. After hearing it as Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic on the Fantastic Four of the '90s, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What rhyme. She was director of voice for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I guess she took the initiative to make Lois. Memories of the SuperFriends remained in this series with respect to dubbing. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who was once Firestorm on SuperFriends. Perry White is none other than former Batman TV author Stanley Ralph Ross, who appeared on SuperFriends with Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac on Super Powers. And Lex Luthor, a wise billionaire who cracks up today, is none other than SuperFriends coach Michael Bell, whom I know best as Zan and the Riddler, as well as many other characters in many others. series. <br /> <br /> I had the impression that this series was a combination of the Superman movie and the post-crisis, John Byrne again describes Superman, with Lex Luthor as billionaire magnate, Jonathan and Martha Kent being alive to see Clark in Superman. The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would do it too. Unfortunately, we have never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. Apart from Luthor, we only saw the joker and General Zod. I particularly enjoyed this episode with Wonder Woman, which was dubbed by BJ Ward, who also played on the Super Powers team. <br /> <br /> The episodes were smashing and I also enjoyed the stories of Clark's growth and development, from early childhood to adolescence, to an adult moving to Metropolis in the short segment, Family Album of Superman. <br /> <br /> The only two things I did not like. It only lasted one season. And after the invitation of Wonder Woman, I was hoping that Batman would be announced by Adam West (I'm still thinking about the episodes of the Super Powers Team). I was also hoping that because during the Prankster episode, the Metropolis baseball team was opposed to Gotham Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Every popular superhero has a series of extremely rare cartoons. For SpiderMan, I have the feeling that it was the 1981 solo show that was broadcast at the same time as Amazing Friends. For the incredible Hulk, it's the 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four, it's the 1978 series with HERBIE the Robot. For Batman, this is the 1977 New Batman Adventures of Filmation featuring BatMite. But for Superman, the rarest series is this one. <br /> <br /> Superman books and documentaries do not cover it or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release. In total, this 1988 version of Superman is good .... Super !!
