The tenants were at the beginning a 1971 novel by Bernard Malamud, writer and philosopher, now deceased, who examined the conflicts between Jews and African-Americans in the incendiary atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time of writing the book. As a novel, the story was realistic: transcribed in the screenplay by novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs), it is rather a cerebral thesis that gradually enters into action in the last moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist who has a book to his credit, but is currently trying to finish his "most recent" book ten years after it was written. Convinced that he must finish the novel in the same environment where it was launched. he is the sole tenant of a condemned Brooklyn building owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy back" Harry's lease so that the dilapidated, dilapidated building can be demolished. In this atmosphere, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), a black-anti-Semitic black activist writer, befriends Harry, hides him and offers his help to the nascent novelist's attempt to write about the death of all whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to a conflict, including his meeting with his girlfriend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) at a less than friendly rally of Willie's black militant brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the ice and Harry falls in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie hears about the assignment and is criticized again by Harry, Willie explodes and begins the descent, not only of a delicate friendship, but also of a competition between writers. The end "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human capacity for violence and annihilation". <br /> <br /> The actors do their best with a somewhat embarrassing scenario, but despite tight scenario replicas. by preaching, they create credible characters. Cinematography enhances the narrative by maintaining a dark and dense atmosphere, confined mainly to the condemned building. The score appropriately uses the solo jazz trumpet and the blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these baseless characters. Although it takes a little patience to overcome the brain wanderings, the film finally deserves to be viewed. At least he tries to recreate Malamud's strange look at life in the big city. Grady Harp
