As Jack Nicholson's first film, Drive, He Said shows at the very least that he is a talented director of actors. Even when the story seems to be losing its way to the audience (and to a modern audience - if they can find it, which appears from time to time on eBay - it may seem freer than they think), the movie contains, interesting characterizations. The film tells the story of two college students: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, who stands out with a performance in escape), a star of the Leopards, the college basketball team in which he plays. While dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern) who puts pressure to stay focused and an occasional girlfriend (Karen Black) with his own emotional issues, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Gabriel, it seems, is a little more frightened by the possibility of being drafted, so in his own radical state of mind, he does what he can to stay away. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his future celebrity and those he loves, Gabriel crosses the threshold of reason. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, from the technical point of view, displays a fascinating editing style that keeps things on board during basketball scenes, and implements the darkness in many other scenes with a documentary-like feel during. And from Tepper, Black and even Robert Towne (author of Chinatown, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible among others, who rarely plays), he gets a credible acting job. Although Tepper tends to downplay his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he can play brilliantly, he does not play it to its true value. On the other hand, from Margotta, his performance is a vibrant and twisted force, and as it descends, it's scary, but perhaps understandable of the time (and what a climax). Recently, he steals most of his scenes in a performance that should have earned him an Oscar nomination. Each line of her dialogue is appropriate, true, and she is never hammered like in the recent coaching movies. <br /> <br /> But what hangs in the film is that the elements involving the characters are not explained to the desired degree. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the screenplay with Nicholson, and I was expecting the film to be longer than it was. It's a small volume that contains a lot of information, about times, about sport, about the underlying feelings of those of the younger generation. Nicholson introduces us to these characters and situations, but rarely what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not included, their game is quite understandable). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else? Hector is also a guy who fears being recruited for the NBA and who still likes to play, but what keeps him? The whole atmosphere at the end of the 1960s is intriguing, but this intriguing quality, which leads to originality, is maintained at a point where it can not go further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet and somewhat memorable for its positives and not for its weak spots. And, of course, you can know who is behind the lens at every step. B +
