It's an amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer literally encrusted his live actors in painted sets. Most of the time, it works wonders, especially at the beginning, where the film is like a story book popping up. He has less success in some scenes, where he limits camera angles (they did not paint the side of some buildings, for example), but it's a very interesting way to film a historical film that speaks so much about our misconceptions and misconceptions. limited views of history as history itself. It is told with the help of the memories of the ex-mistress of the Duke of Orleans, Grace Elliott. Thus, an event generally claimed by Marxist historians, especially in France, is told here from the point of view of an aristocratic foreigner. Inevitably, a different point of view emerges: there can be no objective representation. The use of the memory device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the most interesting story around the death of the king. A fervent royalist, she is shocked when the duke votes in favor of the death of the king (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and the duke here.) He was Louis's cousin and had himself elected to the Assembly, quickly changed his name to Philip Equality). The shooting of the death of Louis is masterful. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, outside Paris, watching a hill with a telescope. We do not see the execution, we hear only the comment of the maid, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution is happening off the screen. Grace can not stand watching her king get killed. His vision is that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis' death literally exceeds his vision. It is a powerful and extremely intelligent film. The love story between the Duke and Grace is insinuated, never told, and shocking (even if the Duke sometimes seems a little pompous, what does she see in him, regardless of taste)? The underlying currents of madness (simply being enough to be suspicious) that carry people to a time such as the Revolution are illustrated when Grace's life is turned upside down, her home is searched daily, but she always order his servants to cook food and is unable to dress! If you are interested in a subtle and well-told film, cleverly using new technologies to tell an old story, or representing a crucial moment in the history of Europe told by an aristocratic foreign woman, her ultimate outsider, is well worth your time. It is a little slow in places but your patience is amply rewarded.
