Renamed from its original Japanese name, LAPUTA (to be a shocking phrase, something to which director Hayao Miyazaki was unconscious at the time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of his master animator, and he is the one of his dearest of all time. Initially disappointing at the box office when it was released in 1986, it has since been adopted by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "The Voyages of Gulliver", CASTLE IN THE SKY is a steampunk-themed adventure tale that tells the story of two young orphans: the young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (wearing a crystal magic around the neck). to find the island of Laputa, long lost, which would have great wealth and precious jewels. They are helped by a gang of friendly and chaotic air pirates led by the fiery Dola (who initially pursues them, but prove to be true allies) and pursued by the government led by his most secretive villain, Muska who wants the power of Laputa to his advantage. <br /> <br /> This movie is an excellent choice for anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours. This film presents the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery. to keep an interested person The work, although not as spectacular as some of Miyazaki's latest films, is fantastic and beautiful enough to be viewed with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes and flight sequences. breathtaking that will make you dizzy. And while the characters in this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, each one has a memorable and endearing personality that stays with the viewer long after the movie ends. Dola, in particular, makes an awesome cartoon character, shouting orders to her foolish sons for a moment and protecting Sheeta the next day. Muska is one of Miyazaki's rare creations that has ever been seen as an irreducible villain, but, like Dola, he commands every scene with a sinister charisma, both seductive and cold. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared this film to Gainax's science-fiction adventure series, NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, the two works share a story and similar character elements ... not to mention that they were created by Miyazaki himself. Where the two differ is in their execution. NADIA, although charming for the most part, was wrong to take a bad turn halfway, becoming a nonsense caricature that almost distracted from the main plot, even though its end was strong. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, remains entertaining and focused for its two hours of racing, and is all the better. Although the epic tone of the film is sometimes interrupted by "caricaturist" moments, like a fight between the boss of Pazu and one of the sons of Dola, it is never to the point that it undermines the film. <br /> <br /> About eleven o'clock A few years ago Disney released an English version featuring a troupe of big names such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, as well as some veteran appearances such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. He also proposes an ambitious reshuffle of the magnificent musical score of Joe Hisaishi for a performance of the Seattle Music Orchestra (it is interesting to note that the man behind this summary is none other than the composer himself). Although purists shouted blasphemy over this version for its occasional extra dialogue and the aforementioned result, Miyazaki did not have such problems; in fact, he would have applauded this editing, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is really the star of the new dub. Although in some cases it is somewhat shocking to present extremely silent scenes of the original Japanese (including the journey through a storm cloud infested with dragons), the overall editing is fantastic and improves in many ways the original , especially in scenes like when a robot attacks a fortress and climactic moments towards the end. Hisaishi displays here his musical versatility and genius to match music to images. <br /> <br /> Regarding the performance of the dub, the leads are probably at the end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that fluctuates at times (a problem that actually plays in favor of the character). That said, both are doing good work overall and providing quite credible chemistry. However, it is the actors who make the dubbing so entertaining, especially Cloris Leachman's Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. The two are perfectly melted and steal every scene in which they are; as with the rescore, these two really deserve listening to the Disney dub. The adaptation of the script is sometimes tricky - there are quite a few lines and / or additional comments (some of which are incredibly funny and others a bit exaggerated) - but apart from at least one questionable change (Sheeta's speech in the showdown "the world can not live without love" as opposed to the original "we can not survive outside Mother Earth"), the characters, the story and the spirit remain largely faithful to the original. Overall, there is no point in comparing the Disney version to the original language track; everyone puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece and I love them both. (They're also better than the older 1980s Streamline / JAL dub, scary, robotic, lifeless, horribly aged and poorly written, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> > Anyway, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. This is one of the best ever for Miyazaki, and I highly recommend it.
