Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film, and his debut commercial and critical acclaim (though his debut - Nausicaa AKA Castle, considered by many fans as his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky "may seem childish and simplistic compared to his more recent masterpieces such as" Kiki's Delivery Service "," Mononoke-hime "and" Spirited Away ", but in 1986 he was ahead of his time It was important to remember that "Castle in the Sky" was created two years before the revolutionary "Akira." Although it is not provocative and controversial as the Above-mentioned masterpiece, the main characters are all mainly basic manga / heroine / villain hero characters, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least by current standards), the designs and work of animation of Miyazaki s have an unsurpassed quality. Although the story and the humor are sometimes a little ridiculous and outdated, the film is always very entertaining and very pleasant - if not as breathtaking as "Spirited Away". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget coloring and animation and the two identical faces, Miyazaki is still true to his roots and to the agreed standards of Japanese cartoon . I'll see Miyazaki's genius manifest as well as on "Spirited Away" and Mononoke. Although "Castle in the Sky", being a science-fiction adventure and perfectly suited to children, fits more perfectly into classic cartoons than anything it has done since, its motives and principles still play a role. important role. To say a lot more would ruin the movie, so I'm going to close it. Let's just say that I only give him nine stars, because if I give him ten, I could not go higher for "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And it would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As in most animated films, I recommend you to watch the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a word of Japanese - the English overdubs are only "t tend to be very good, and in this case, it's horrible.You might want to watch the English version once, however, just for laughs, and for the star-filled cast (English dubbing does not was recorded only after the success of "Spirited Away", as for "Kiki's Delivery Service" ') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (yeah, Dawson guy!) play the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker of 'Star Wars', in case you do not know!) Play the villain, and other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck Kevin Costner's Robin Hood transvestite) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh, or a few really laughs. But look at the Japanese first.
