It's always hard to print a movie as "the best", whether it's all-weather, some genre or something, but I think a strong argument could be made : Laputa is actually the biggest animated film. never done. It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented director of Japanese directors, and he best reflects his strengths as a director, storyteller and designer, while summarizing all his sub themes. Preferred dyes. The version I am looking at is the 2003 American dub (I know, sacrilege for a fan of unconditional cartoons not to look at it in his native language); there is at least another dubbing in English, I have it on VHS (I do not know from which source), and this version is the best dubbing I have ever encountered a movie. But I thought it was better to focus on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek here), who grows up in a mining town when One day, a girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. It seems to be pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal hanging around his neck. To keep things alive, there is also a gang of pirates terribly funny after the crystal, led by the old Dola (Cloris Leachman), still noisy. The plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, a veritable treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. All of this fits perfectly with a fairytale setting, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to go, and the plot is filled with moments of great joy and customary morality and warnings about the abusive exploitation of the land. power of nature. . <br /> <br /> Design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds abound, totally impossible but designed with such meticulousness that you accept them instantly without blinking. The world is around the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and old cars alongside these wonderful impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that shines by its execution. Laputa is at once the garden of Eden and the fire of the sky itself, and in this juxtaposition resides its call, its power and its danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a carefully crafted and beautifully rendered film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. Whether flying fire, high-speed hunting on tiny individual flyers or submerged ships in the clouds as if they were water, Laputa displays a range that most movies ??? even with the magic of CGI? can only dream. Although we only see a small part of this world, its simple elegance goes beyond the limits of the frame and we have no difficulty believing it. The film also contains one of my favorite action scenes, if not the most exciting of all times: a guardian robot fallen on Earth is reactivated by accident and wreaks havoc in the fortress in which it is kept , while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who woke him up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates rush to their small flying machines to literally snatch it from the mouth of destruction. From the horrific view of the incinerating robot to the exhilarating last-minute rescue campaign, the complete sequence is a masterpiece of timekeeping and shooting angles to know exactly how far away the audience is. <br /> <br /> That helps Laputa have an incredible score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wondrous beauty of this world, the innocence of the dew, the thrilling action and dreadful phantasmagoria of the flying city and its guardians of strange robots. Although he has re-recorded it for this DVD (which the IMO is not an improvement over its original score), by adding pieces here and there, the score perfectly matches the images, a rare total union sound and vision. <br /> <This is not a bad dub. I really enjoy the older English dub, and this one over-explains things a bit, but I was almost shocked to see how much these voices matched those (and those of the Japanese). It's difficult to find Dola in particular, but Leachman is a good old pirate (his sons are not as good as the original). Paquin is doing a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was him early, is more than talented to make Muska (I liked Muska's other English dub a bit better) but Hamill is good). Much of the film is based on the shoulders of Pazu and Van Der Beek is beautiful. His listening made me think that this crew had to have access to the other English dubbing, because VDB corresponds very closely to the original Pazu. Although watching a duplicate is a reason for excommunication among the otaku faithful, although I like this film, I do not think you sacrifice much, if you just look at this anglicized version. Pixar's John Lassiter presented it in advance, and I think he likes, like so many others, just to love this film and strive to ensure its quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful In the United States, in recent years, with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his films that interested me the least), but for me, Laputa is still his greater success. Anyone who is aware of his later work will almost certainly appreciate this previous work, and again, this film is a master at the top of its form that strikes all the cylinders. I would pay a lot of money to see this on a big screen; Although this will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on DVD.
