To date, you've probably heard of Miyazaki's classic movie Disney, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. In the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" on video, which included a preview of the Laputa doublet and announcing its planned release for "1999". It's obviously gone well this year now, but the dubbing is finally over. And it's not "Laputa: Castle in the sky", but simply "Castle in the sky" for dubbing, since Laputa is not such a beautiful word in Spanish (although they often use the word Laputa all throughout the dubbing). You probably also heard that the world-renowned composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally scored the film, returned to the excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa was released before My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from the Valley of the Wind, which saw the birth of Studio Ghibli and his long series of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best movies with a powerful lesson hidden inside this two-hour, four-minute gem. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I invite everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know the history of Castle in the Sky, it starts at the very beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. The narration is so perfect and so masterfully crafted that you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a helluva past while being held captive by the government in an airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long lost civilization. Laputa's key is a sacred pendant that she has searched for and which is sought after by many, namely the government, the army and the group of pirates, the gang Dola (whom Sheeta and Pazu wanted to become friends). Soon, the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the raid. It falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to its pendant. As she descends from the sky, Pazu, an orphan who survives working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches her. The two men quickly become friends, but thanks to his pendant, they find themselves caught in a thrill race while the gang Dola and the government are trying to capture Sheeta. One action sequence after another, we learn all of the character's patterns and identities as we build an emotional climax full of activities that will appeal to all with fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. And a surprise a little twisted. I think this film is just remarkable and lasts only two hours and four minutes. The story is beautiful, as we reach the animation of Hayao Miyazaki which has no limits. The frame of the film is a combination of several periods. This seems to be happening in the late 1800s, but it's an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The film has tons of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action that the film holds. I think the funny part is a fight scene where Pazu's leader confronts a pirate and soon after a riot breaks out. It's fun to see men compare their strength and the music fits in perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now, let's talk about how dub notes. An excellent casting gives excellent performances to give life to these characters. The teenage beast James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice than in the Japanese version, where in the original it sounded more childish. Anyway, I think his voice is good for Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young winner of an Oscar for "The Piano", plays Sheeta. It is also a good performance, but the voice is a little uneven, it does not remain faithful to an accent. Sometimes she looks American like an apple pie, but sometimes she looks like a New Zealander. The most appreciated performance was that of Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is it an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion she gives to the character really bring her to life. If there was ever a live action movie of Laputa (G-d forbidden), she would play it, you can imagine it in the role (well, a little). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska and this is another outstanding Hamill performance. You may know Hamill by his extended vocal work after shooting the original Star Wars films, but he makes Muska completely diabolical. His voice resembles his usual voice and a mix of the Joker, which he played in many episodes of the animated series Batman. Comedian Jim Cummings, who does a great job gruff as a general, and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin, as members of the Dola gang, complete the cast. <br /> <br /> Now, let me tell you what really makes this special dub, Joe Hisaishi's newly arranged music! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi does the music and, like all of Miyazaki's films, the music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own characters that perfectly match the movie. Now, these new arrangements he made are more "American", which was, I think, the goal of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic tunes of the Japanese version are still there. The score, for me, seems to be arranged as this is a Hollywood blockbuster. He has more power, more emphasis, he is clearer and deeper. The prologue of the film, the first seconds we are introduced to the airships, contains new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we saw the ships for the first time, there was no music at all). But the majority of music has new backgrounds and more background music to enjoy. Things seem much better. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a calm scene, it's quieter. Overall, I think a lot of you will be happy with the new arrangements and mixes that I made myself, and I personally think it helps to improve the film. I prefer the new old-style score, and I hope Disney will release or license the music rights on a full soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another positive aspect of the duplicate is that the story stays true and many of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure a few lines have been changed, and that's how the lines were changed. But a majority are close or exactly the original lines and dialogue written by Miyazaki. I was afraid that excellent lines would be slaughtered, but they were intact. Some new lines have also been added to help. But I'm not sure to consider this a good or a bad thing, Disney did not translate the final song, it's in Japanese. I was mortified when they made new songs for dub Kiki, but with this version, it's the original song ... in Japanese. So, I guess it's good that it's still the original, but it's a shame, because the majority of people who see this dubbing speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a big drawback to this dubbing, which deals with how the voices correspond to the lips of the character. Of course, in all the dubbing, it will not be perfect, but I think that in Kiki and Mononoke, the lines doubling to match were much better executed (and Disney had a little more time with this one .. .). Sometimes everything is perfect, other times, and in rare cases, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where Sheeta laughs and her mouth does not move a little). <br /> <br /> Regarding the film itself, these are my thoughts. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so rich and detailed that you just have to watch with wonder. You see the true nature of each character, the real details on his face with extreme shots and actions. You must give a lot of credit to the effort that these animators have devoted to this film. Everything is so well done and beautifully drawn by hand, it's like a piece of art in motion. And to think, it was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from that of Disney, Ghibli has its own distinct touch that is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors are still bright. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, lots of aerial combat and some on the ground. These sequences are so well made and so intriguing that it's scary to compare them to a big-budget action movie. And the finale is just something you MUST see. The sound effects are pure and classic and are perfect for explosions, gunfire and everything else. And like all of Miyazaki's films, everyone focuses on a different theme (for example, Kiki: Confidence). This one has a big lesson on greed and power. People do not realize how greed can overwhelm you and how much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and greedy, and the main villain, Muska, shows it well. <br /> <br /> In the end, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was an excellent film to start, and it is now improved for the most part. I'm happy that a larger audience now has the chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With an excellent vocal composition that has contributed a lot to the film with Joe Hisaishi's excellent musical score, Disney has done a good job on this dubbing and is quite worthy. Although I think the voices fit better in the dubs of Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a big dub and deserves long delays, because it is now possible to experience a fantastic movie .
