Whatever personal opinion one may have about Walerian Borowczyk, a jewel both grotesque and beautiful "The Beast" of 1975, it must be admitted that this strange jewel is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. The Borowczyk erotic fairy tale has long been banned in several countries. It is therefore quite obvious that this controversial jewel was victim of narcotics censors of the film. "The beast" is a fascinating mix of intense and beautiful fairytale atmosphere, explicit eroticism and genuine strangeness that bravely refuses any compromise. The fact that the critter is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help him with the censors, but this made him highly controversial and therefore known to a wide audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Espérance (Guy Tréjan), head of a French aristocratic family, made sure that his son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) somewhat demented married wife Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel ), the young and beautiful girl of a rich English family. Due to an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly opposed to marriage. When Lucy and her mother arrive on the French estate, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of the 18th century ancestor, Romilda (Sirpa Lane), and an old book describing strange drawings. The story soon falls into a dream of bizarre sexual fever ... Without saying too much, I can say that exceptional movie fans should not consider missing this movie. Strange as it may sound, "The Beast" is without a doubt strikingly beautiful in style, set and cinematography. The dreamy atmosphere of fever is present in and out of dream sequences. The forest estate and the imposing family manor house provide a magnificent setting. The beautiful score and the incredible cinematography create an impressive atmosphere for this grotesque tale. The very explicit sexuality goes from eroticism (elegant feminine nudity, ravishing actresses) to serious and even somewhat disgusting dementia (close-ups on the genitals of horses during sexual intercourse, ...); in either case, it is unlikely to be forgotten. The whole cast of "The Beast" is fantastic and all the actors involved offer excellent performances in eccentric characters (some of whom are really demented). The film has an exceptional cast, be it Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (sadly deceased from AIDS in 1999) as an anchor in the dream sequences, or the relatively unknown actress but especially lovely Pascale Rivault, who plays the aristocratic girl who takes the opportunity to sleep with a black servant in a cupboard. <br /> <br /> I do not intentionally give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, because they simply have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are some of the most bizarre ever captured in a movie, scenes with the eponymous "beast" certainly being among them. Certainly not everyone's cup of tea, but highly recommended to controversial and unusual movie fans. A true gem of worship!
