The Beast by Polish director Walerian Borowczyk (French 1975, aka The Beast) is one of the most controversial and courageous films ever made and is also excellent. This film tells all that is generally hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of its images. The images may look wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they all relate to the last one mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primordial things and dominate all the flesh that contains a human soul. They interest and tempt us so much (and by our very nature) that they are considered frightening, unacceptable and too foolish to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman goes with her mother to a French countryside to meet her future husband, with whom she had a history of letters. All are very exciting and each other's parents and family are eager to see the new people arrive in their families. The innocence of the bride is apparent and no one knows what can happen. Wake up between the walls of the great and beautiful French manor, with all its humans and animals, and a mysterious "the beast" that turns out to be the characters, or most of the film's audience, could never have imagined to be true and (in front of them) <br /> <br /> The film is on the same theme as David Cronenberg's Canadian feature Shivers (1975). , which takes place in a huge luxury building in which destructive and bloody parasites spread from human to human through sexual contact and incite people to act furiously and violently in their thirst for pleasure and the realization of their instincts. Man has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of another animal, a beast, a thirst for blood , a revenge or a sexual and carnal pleasure. Humans are just animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit it, but since we are also animals, this intelligence is not always used excessively, as can be seen anywhere around us . The film begins very loud, and very shocking for most hypocritical attitudes, showing a furious horny horse as he waited to enter the mare and continue the race, but the rage and the visible lust we see of his eyes and its violent movements key elements of this beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as one might pretend so easily. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in a heat much stronger than his will because he no longer has any control at that time. The power of instinct makes the animal a beast. <br /> <br /> After the memorable start, the characters are presented and the film fantastically contains all the necessary age groups, innocent children waiting to grow and develop, for adults and children. elders who all represent their own part of life, creating the face of human life on the screen. A movie does not necessarily need more characters in this way because all the important characters are already present and represent the entire race, including urban and rural dwellers and both sexes. The mansion makes the protagonist's sexuality awake when she sees the horses mating and acting as if she had never thought of it. For the first time, she sees something unique, exciting and almost vital to her and her body, like water when one is very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element of the film because she lived unconsciously in it, with her mother, her camera and her boyfriend of letters, even if things were waiting for the moment to burst. The flesh wants flesh and that belongs to being a humanimal, but these things are still not easily accepted everywhere and movies like these trying to represent it are forbidden for decades? The stupidity of the man and his refusal to interpret the images should not be an argument in favor of the prohibition or violation of a film. The last 30 minutes of the film are as important as the beginning and show once again the power of cinema. without useless words and talk. As the girl and the audience realize that her body is beginning to feel and desire, she begins to dream of the mysterious beast that turns out to be nothing but the undressed form of ourselves, having lived in the woods without other people / animals near him. . The dream sequence is the one that provoked and provoked most of the controversy along with the straight and honest general attitude of the film, and the images are so easy to judge "perverse" and "pornographic", without having the courage to deepen them, reactions of character and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in her dream and eventually in the dream of the human character of the dream (plus), and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with images that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman , which is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. In addition, the many scenes of love that are both obscure and humorous that make love inside the manor, between the young mother and the black servant, are interrupted many times when someone shouts for the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young men The bodies that are together and are interrupted by a cry of anger do not become more enjoyable because of the interruption. Borowczyk has managed to paint his so beautiful and "sensitive" pictures that his message is almost impossible not to be misunderstood, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and our minds who criticize art. He only uses the dialogue when necessary, otherwise the images do the work and give the powerful film. <br /> <br /> Death is also at the rendezvous, because the flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instinct, it dies. The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could have been as powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" end. Another element of black humor comes when we see the shocked women of the city come out of the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the manor of truth about the flesh, us and them. The film reminds me of the story of the French writer Georges Bataille's eye with his same themes about eroticism, death and how they are always related to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic, as is this film, and both have naturally been blamed for their "too explicit" content and for other equally noteworthy and superficial comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually beside his raw honesty, and nature and the forest have rarely been as bright and brilliant as in this film. The sun shines through the trees and in all the places where humans live, and its beauty is always present, but so does the ugliness that emanates from the inhabitants of the world. Every innocent white beast is a selfish, perverse and horrible beast in our world and that is why the intelligence that has been given to us never seems to totally defeat the power of our bad instincts and on the other side of the sheep, present in every human soul. That's about how much manages to keep the dark side passive and not active. The realization of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing which of the instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, without violence and without the murderous and destructive circle that 'she created. Man is no more than an intelligent animal, an intelligence so easy to forget and to gnaw at things that feel better and more satisfying at every moment, perhaps suddenly. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and clever piece of magic film with an ageless theme, as well as an example of all that can be accomplished, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is not as a human being.
