OK ... it's weird ... Honestly, I can not tell you all the intrigues of THE BEAST, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 minutes or more - but wait, it "takes off" without a doubt ... <br /> <br /> The plot speaks of a monster in the woods that a French aristocrat screwed during the day. Finally, you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a guy wearing a giant rat-bear costume to which is attached a horse rooster. The scene unfolds with the aristocrat who runs around the forest in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends up dead and the woman is afraid. The beast emerges, rapes the girl and pours him 400 liters of sperm. Finally, the chick begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast, which gives rise to pretty new scenes of simulated sex, including a scene of erotic masturbation disturbing where the woman wanks the beast while the monster pulls more than huge loads everywhere (yes, I have a twisted foot fetish - so prosecute me ...) ... All the film is told in flashback and long scenes of dialogue that tend to be a little tedious. A "shocking" but predictable end concludes this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a film that I find difficult to evaluate. Cinematography itself is quite catchy and the sets, costumes and places are elaborate. The plot is a little complicated and seems to be taken seriously seriously for what ends up being a film so unintentionally hilarious on a chick to bone a rat-bear. A good chunk of tits, ass and hairy French bushes from the 70s to help catch up with the dull first half of the movie. Honestly, I have to say that if it were not BEAST graphic scenes pinned on the volunteer girl, this movie would have been really boring - that is, you liked the dull dialogue and sexual graphic of the horse (The beginning has a very close and personal scene of two boned horses, including a female horse vagina throbbing and covered with sperm ... Yum !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and a refreshing change from the rest of the film, that I have to say that these scenes alone outweigh what would have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this one to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the BEAST rape is really there and there's something to witness. Also recommended to all 70/80 sleaze movie fans - it's pretty good with them. Worth the detour for lovers of the critter of sick rats-bears (like me) ... 8/10
