If, like me, you like your movies to be unique and unlike most other movies, I highly recommend watching The Beast. The film is a fantastic, grotesque, erotic and fantastic tale that centers on a mythological "Beast" that, according to rumors, would roam the lands of a French manor and covet women. The film is very daring with its subject, and it's something to be attributed to it. The theme of bestiality is a well-defined taboo, and for good reason, I might add; but the film transmits it; right and to the point. Like other films that deal with a taboo subject in their center, The Beast could have gone around it and made us use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do it and he is brave in this regard, especially to make a film like this will leave him open to all kinds of criticism, but the fact that he has pursued it, in my opinion, means a big cheer for the guy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence that sees an excited male horse ride a woman. This film opens an exclamation point on the film and prepares the audience, in a way, to the incredible tour de force of the eroticism they are about to see. Scenes that see the beast's companion with the woman are free and shocking, and will surely offend many people (hence the reason he was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not simply an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a point of definition. As said during the film; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Man and beast have an instinct, only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexuality; The imaginary sequence in which the beast appears embodies the control of human desire, and it is only when the central character of the woman releases control that she can see the beast. The film contains strong themes from the secular history of "the beast and the beast", and overall, it is a lust narrative of shocking morbidity, but not without moral foundation. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scenes around the film's shocking sex sequences for being boring, but these scenes are important to the film's storyline. Without these scenes, we would not know the characters or the story of the beast and, more importantly; the story of 'Beauty and the Beast' could not have its horrible conclusion exposed to the public, and as this is one of the key elements of the film; it would be a shame. In addition to this, Borowczyk entertains his audience through these scenes, not with shocks, but with a dialogue and the character of the upper class of the family, as well as superb mansion floor shots will not be seen, and by therefore the striking contrast between subsequent events in the film would not exist either. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking film. This is a taboo subject and the shocking way it is described will make this movie unsuitable for everyone. However, if you can overcome the shock of the film and kiss The Beast; What awaits him is a work of art wise and beautiful not to be missed who wants to give a chance to this film.
