The title corresponds to the sound that one of the characters emits while driving his imaginary chariot through the dump where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Shugoro Yamamoto and tells the story of a group of people who actually live in dilapidated houses at the edge of the dump. It's a mixture of laughter and sadness. <br /> <br /> The first color film directed by Akria Kurasowa is something I wanted to see for a long time. Strangely enough, it has often been mentioned as being only available in an abridged version of an original three or four hours because of a runtime error in some promotional materials. I was waiting for the full version, waiting to see what Kurasowa wanted us to see, only to find out about the recent Criterion release that the 140-minute version is the full version. <br /> <br /> Finally sitting to see the movie last night, I'm in the middle of mixed emotions. First, his visual connection with each film that followed. You can see each of the six remaining films of Kurasowals reflected in this film, up to the painted sunsets. It's a remarkable film in his use of color and you can understand why it took him so long to get a stock of movies that he would be happy with (of course, there are also failed projects). The film is a work of visual art (but be aware that if you will see this on your widescreen TV, it was shot at 1.33 and will therefore appear in normal TV format.) The rest of the movie is a mix. Part of the problem is that the lives of all these people do not meet completely. As separate tales, they all work well, but as a film they are not linked. I do not blame Kurasowa because we can not always find original solutions, especially when someone like Robert Altman, specializing in multi-character films of this kind, has occasionally bombed. <br /> <br /> This isn Do not say that there is no reason to see the movie. Like all Kurasowa movies, there are always reasons to see his films, whether they work or not. The first trip of the "tramway" is one of the best things Kurasowa has ever done and is worth the price of a rental. This is one of the most magical moments in the film's history as the cart is inspected and disassembled. The father and son who live in the car are moving (although ultimately very sad) and there are other fragments that shine (like the casting that is great) and we must at least try the film as something other than a man we are usually associated with samurai movies or crime series. <br /> <br /> This is a plot failure of a master filmmaker, which means, in this case, a better success than most other filmmakers. and 7 as a whole, much higher in pieces.
