This is one of the most bizarre movies I've recently watched. This is because it looks less like a movie than an experimental movie. Kurasawa's experience was to take a variety of people to a public dump and make a tapestry that provides a glimpse into their generally harsh lives. Not all episodes are depressing and hard, but overall it's the right tone. Let's see, ... we have a case of incest / rape, attempted murder, exchange of woman, alcoholism, infidelity, death of a little boy after eating contaminated fish, a man suffering from severe depression (he does not speak never during the film and looks very scary), a hopeless dreamer who would probably be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally handicapped young man who believes himself a streetcar driver and spends all his waking moments "driving" his streetcar in beaten paths, a man married to a total shrew (I think I like his character less than the incestuous rapist!), etc., etc. In fact, it's pretty depressing that it looks almost like an Ingmar Bergman film taking place in Japan, Bergman having done LOTS of movies tending to deal with mental illness and the desperation of life. Is it any wonder that after shooting this film, Kurasawa tried to commit suicide ?! So, did I like that? No, it was not a fun experience. But it was a very well done film that definitely caught my attention and, therefore, I really wanted to see what had happened to these people. It was a bit like watching a train wreck - you do not want to see all the carnage but you can not help but watch! Of all the vignettes, I think the old man who tended to look for everyone and who did not really seem to fit in (he was too fit and wise to live in a garbage dump) was perhaps supposed to represent Kurasawa himself. May be. I do not know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen a variety of Kurasawa movies and have a great tolerance for strange art movies, look at this one. However, do NOT make your first experience watching movies - this will certainly scare a lot of viewers!
