Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema, turn to German B & W movies in silent and sonorous times - movies that show slanted angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performances, and occasional uses of surrealism to create a dream to derive traditional and naturalistic modes of film representation. If we accept that the Germans are not the only filmmakers to create an expressionist cinema (and that the aforementioned characteristics are not a prerequisite for expressionist film), I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a reality. First example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little disturbed by a Kurosawa movie. However, unlike Dreams, DKD is also an excellent movie and probably my favorite picture of Kurosawa. Why? Most often, I think, these are the colors. It was, I believe, Kurosawa's first color film, and the man saturates it with vibrant primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are used to glowing neons and skyscrapers in Tokyo; we are not used to a city that seems to have been colored with colored pencils. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a singular film in that many of its characters live in a breakup, seeming to live in an alternative universe. This is, I think, the main thing - it's the outsiders in Tokyo, the people left behind in the great step forward that followed the Second World War. The film is also one of Kurosawa's most sincere films; there is an authentic feeling and authentic pathos here (as when the boy's father describes the house of their dreams). This is a surprisingly moving film, directed by a man best known for his stunning panoramas and samurai, similar to John Ford. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had such a touching and provocative film in him (Ikiru prefigures the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also say, until the end, that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, although capable, remain pale compared to Kobayashi's works (Hara-kiri is the largest and most intelligent samurai devoted to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Samurai Seven, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies, but they are just good (and, frankly, that word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a good movie, just like Ikiru. These are the jewels of the crown that show that Akira was not a single samurai pony. They reveal his art and his mastery of cinema.
