If there was something that Akira Kurosawa did wrong when Dodes'ka-den was created, it was thanks to the partnership he had formed with the "four knights" (the other three being Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big success to start their partnership. Instead, Kurosawa, arguably the leader of the group, presented an abstract and humanist art film with characters living in a slum decimated and facing dark tragedies. If he had done it on a more independent basis or if he had gone to another studio that knows, it is for this reason, among other financial and creative problems, that also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the day, as an artist, Kurosawa did not stop delivering what he was known for his dramas: the strength of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That his backdrop is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it's not at all a fault of Kurosawa. <br /> <br /> The material of Dodes'ka-den absorbs, but not in a way usually found in the director, and especially because it is driven by the character instead of intrigue. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge is to nest them in a coherent whole. The character that starts in the photo, oddly enough (although, fortunately, he does not have much room to grow), Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged child-man who spends the whole day making train sounds (the "Click-clack" of title), stopping only sometimes to pray for her mother. But then we separate: there is the father and the son, the latter who searches the restaurants to find food and the first that continues over and over with specific descriptions of the house of his dreams; an older man looks like death, and we learn later that he has lost much more than he will tell most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy and calm woman who works in bondage towards her adoptive father (or her uncle, I'm not sure), who rapes her; and a sweet guy in a suit that has a constant tick on the face and a nasty fat woman - for those who are socially social. <br /> <br /> There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunkards who keep stumbling every night, like on wheels, impose great demands on their spouses, sometimes by exchanging them ( involuntarily)! And there is the nice sake seller on the bike who has a sweet but strange relationship with the quiet and shy woman. And of course, there's a group of talkative women crouching around a watering hole in the middle of the slum, having nothing too nice to say about anyone except this one. an erotic event with a guy. First, it should be noted how Kurosawa defines the situation; it's a little post-apocalyptic, not looking at any place or particular moment (that is, we'll only see cars and modern streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people are tragic and must be deconstructed by dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa seeks to dissect the broken emotions of people, with a particular scene when the man with the deadly face, with empty and sad eyes, is tearing a tissue in silence while a woman the following. <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even a few laughs, to have with these people. Ironically, I even enjoyed the little moments with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosawa's cameo as a painter in the street), or the awkward silences with the man with facial tics. But while Kurosawa leaves room for his actors to improvise, his camera movements remain such that they have always been patient but alert, with large compositions and claustrophobic shots, visions and pictorial faces sometimes with the stylization of d a silent drama conceived as a weeper. . In the midst of these sometimes strange and touching stories, some of which (especially the father and son in the car) are particularly sad, Kurosawa turns on his film and designs the color palette as his first in Eastmancolor, as one of his paintings . Luxurious, sprawling, sometimes overflowing the seams but still with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it's as if the abstract had gone all the way into the scene, where things seemed vibrant but much darker beneath. It is a double-edged shiny and delicate sword that allows dreamlike intonations with such a heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With a sweet score of "film", Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), and excellent Performances of the actors, and some indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is at his way a minor work of the director, but nevertheless almost perfect on his own terms, which, as in many of Kurosawa's dramas like Ikiru and Redbeard holds hard truths about the human condition without too much sentimentality.
