Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon shot two films together in two years. One of them is considered one of the greatest romantic movies of all time and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon his best role in performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is this film, made in England a year earlier. THE DAME X'S DIVORCE is a romantic comedy (as WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, a dynamic but misogynist lawyer. One night, he moved to a hotel just in front of a crowd of people. It's a very foggy night (the kind of pea soup fog that made London famous until a "deadly fog" of the 1950s), and the crowd (who was attending a party at the 'hotel) need beds. The management tries to make Logan allow one or two Socialist ladies to sleep on a couch and a day bed in his room, but he refuses. But he did not count with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. Granddaughter of a magistrate, she manages to enter Logan's rooms and manipulates him not only to accept him, but also for his bed (he lies on the couch, to his dismay). <br /> <br /> The next day, they share a breakfast and, in the little conversation, it is obvious that, despite his distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she casually refuses to tell her his name. She is determined to learn more about him and finds his attitude to women infuriating. Meanwhile, a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) contacts Logan as a potential client. Mother suspects his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) to have an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that his friend was with his lover at the hotel and that Logan knows he was in the foggy night. Logan (of course) comes to the conclusion that Lady Mere was her mysterious roommate that night. I will not go further in the plot, except to say that Leslie finally realizes Logan's mistake and decides to use it to teach him a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feel of a Wodehouse novel, but is lighter. Nevertheless, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are all splendid. This shows what a good casting can do with the least material. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, who complains about his weak coffee to his butler / valet, who tells him that correctly (they are accustomed to each other's personality for years). Or Olivier takes care of a young employee in his office, which is certain there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes ago (there were, but Oberon and Barnes are together), and ends up thinking that the poor employee is a simple one. Or the waiter at the hotel who does not understand why the tenant of Olivier's room changes constantly from one man to another. As I said, a charming little comedy - but it's very charming.
