Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What I know about the story of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was released for the first time as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 takes place in the same Star Wars-type space universe as CAPTAIN HARLOCK, Matsumoto's other famous manga. In fact, the space pirate Harlock and other characters of this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochiro Oyama) appear in GE999. GE999 was a hit as a manga and was soon followed by a popular animated series featuring more than 100 episodes. It was released in 1978. A year later came this anime film, which is not a sequel to the series, but sums up the essence of the story in a two-hour film. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds in an unidentified Star Wars future, where travel on different planets has become a possibility. People of the future may have a mechanical body in which they can live for hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who sees how a cruel Count Mecha, whose whole body is made of mechanical parts, kills the mother of Tetsurô. Tetsurô swears vengeance and is convinced that he can achieve this only by having a mechanical body. To get it, he must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, as Tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to buy an expensive ticket. By chance, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who looks like her dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô as long as she accompanies him on his journey. And the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I saw this film for the first time last October, in about six months and again yesterday. I think I must first talk about the thing that has bothered me the most in this film: it seems very hurried. Again, what can you expect from a 2-hour long movie that tries to tell the main points of more than 100 episodes of a series? In any case, situations change quickly and Tetsurô encounters other important characters in the story mainly by chance. I think the decision makers should have missed something or have another 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, no one can deny that GE999 has earned its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very faithful to Matsumoto's manga style, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after almost 30 years of existence, animation has not become "obsolete", but it shames many subsequent animated films. The music throughout the film is enjoyable to listen to even if it is somewhat "old" nowadays (after all, it was the 70's). I did not hear any English dubbing of this movie, so I can only comment on Japanese audio, which is good. The actors of the voice give life to their characters, the most memorable being Masako Nozawa (mainly known as the voice of Goku throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as a young and excited Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in the shadows, they also have a life of their own, the most memorable for me being the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for both those looking for entertainment for a few hours, and those trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is an entertaining adventure film but can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from childhood to adulthood. The whole movie is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think that many people can identify with Tetsurô, because despite the fantastic elements, it is a very realistic character: young, reckless, clumsy and naive. We follow him as he begins to see differences between man and machine and finally decides whether he wants the mechanical body or not. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film and even in the end, when she reveals who she is and what she really is, it does not answer much to anything. Maetel can be seen as the dream of a young man growing, always close but simply out of reach. <br /> <br /> It is the strange and beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel that still wakes up conversations and questions and fascinates after decades. People have quarreled if their relationship is that of two friends, a mother and her son, or two possible lovers (which provokes a lot of criticism since Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô is not still arrived at puberty). With no way to look deep, I think the best term to describe them is "soul mate". There is no doubt that both feel dedicated, caring and loving each other, but it goes beyond friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship was spoiled by any of these categories, it would take something away from the movie and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, remains very touching and memorable. <br /> <br /> In total, despite the precipitation of the plot and some old-fashioned scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place among films like Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). ). The film is directed by Rintaro, who already had the experience of Leiji Matsumoto's work since he had previously worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro made a superb film, METROPOLIS (2001), which also questions the difference between man and machine. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by all fans of cartoons.
