I ran this several years ago while surfing the channels on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was a cheesy TV movie from the 70s, the staging and the score were well enough done to get my attention. In fact, I was hooked and had to watch it all the way. I recently had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, I did not notice that a domestic movie is finally available a few months ago) and I am very happy to be able to watch it again (and in its entirety). . <br /> <br /> I do not quite understand the phenomenon, but the 70s seem to have control of scary horror movies. The decades before the 1970s produced beautifully shot movies and most of our horror icons are durable, but are they really scary? No, not very. Similarly, since the 1970s, we've had cooler, more exciting horror movies, better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, more fun, more fun, more effective "jump" moments, and great uses. creative gore, but again ... they are not really scary! There is just something about the atmosphere of the horror movies of the 70s. The quality of the grainy film. The dark and spooky scenes are not lit by vast, high-tech lighting installations. The "edge of the land of dreams" dulls the quality of dialogue and the weird and strange scores of EQ. The strange feeling of unease and ugliness that permeates everything. Anything that works to undermine most of the movies of the 70s, in case of horror, works in its favor. <br /> <br /> More precisely, in this film, the intense and silent clichés of the devilish dog staring people down are quite annoying. So much more effective than if they had chosen the most obvious way of letting the dog grunt, become a slave and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). The filmmakers wisely keep this for the moment the dog appears in its supernatural form. The effects that have occurred, although not sophisticated compared to current standards, have literally provoked shivers. The odd look, vaguely defined, "I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at" seems to me intuitively closer to the way a real supernatural vision would be, rather than the hyper-realistic, crystalline printer Optical / digital composers horror film confections of the last days. <br /> <br /> Although the human characters in this film are not rendered as satisfactorily as their enemy or the world they inhabit, the actors are all doing decent work. The twinning of the brother and sister of "Witch Mountain" movies as, yes, brother and sister, is a bit old-fashioned stunt casting, but they are fine. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be entertaining, even if it is not spectacular. Richard Crenna gains more and more public empathy as the movie progresses. His self-doubt as to whether the alienation of his family is really due to a supernatural conspiracy or whether he simply succumbs to paranoid schizophrenia is fairly well treated, though it is absurd to think that a routine physical examination can provide an explanation for what he experienced in his naivety. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie The-End-Question-Mark is one of the only ones I've seen not feeling like a cheap gimmick and that made me think of choices that these characters would face and what they would be likely to do and what they would think. <br /> <br /> Critics of this film might say it's just a feature film for some glowing neato retinas, but hey, we could say the same thing about "Blade Runner". :-)
