In what will probably be on my list of Fuller's best films (that is, as soon as I see more than that and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is a black film where the femme fatale and the male protagonist, are not the stereotypes of the genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller injects himself with his own experience and the sense of New York style generally absent from Hollywood blacks. On a small budget - at least for the likes of Darryl F. Zanuck - Fuller and his actors create friendly characters even in such a dark atmosphere. Good guys are basically those who will not become violent with you even as they seek an extra dollar. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter are all excellent in the lead roles. Widmark is one of the few actors I could think of that would have really managed to get this character out. It's a bit like Bunny Bugs because it can be a sneaky idiot. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy does have a set of values ​​in his life. He does not meddle in the affairs of others and does not try to be interested in much of the world of work outside his little hut on the river after being fired for three years. He is mistaken, unwittingly, when he takes a woman (Peters) on the train, and raises an object under the eye of the government. He may have secrets that could bring him a lot of money. But at what price is the centerpiece of the film, since it is the stoolie Moe (Ritter is one of the most credible and most credible character actors of the time), the ex-wife ( a volatile Kiley) and the police department. Apart from thematic elements, which are told with a dramatic and lively journalistic style (as was the case previously for Fuller, with Boxer), the dialogue is fresh and engaging. There is spontaneity in many of Fuller's camera movements. And what a third act. It's a tight, tight black film that is worth watching even if you're not familiar with Fuller (it's comparatively less bizarre than some of his later works).
