This film is a spicy film by Sam Fuller that gives Richard Widmark the opportunity to show some of his best and most upset actors in the role of Skip McCoy, a little thief who discovers a military secret to pick up the pocket of the beautiful Candy (Jean Peters) in a crowded bus. It turns out Candy was doing a favor to her (ex?) Boyfriend who works for the "commies". <br /> <br /> To perfection, there is a mystery here about Candy's motives and Skip spends much of the film figuring it out. patterns ?? In fact, he seems to initially assume that she is a "housekeeper", even pouring beer in his face in a ruthless gesture. But the real question is ?? what's going on with Skip? What are her motives and why does Candy love him so much? Why do we want (the public) to love it so much? Basically, what the filmmakers did here is to create a very "fatal man" very striking in the character and performance of Widmark. Just as male viewers tend to think about the length of a movie like "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key", as well as the main characters, whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the filmmakers created a similar dilemma for viewers here. Widmark is beautiful, and there is also a charm in his carefree boy ?? but the first two times he meets our main wife, he steals her and then hits her in the face. Finally, the question becomes ?? Would skip sink low enough to sell his country for a buck (his comments to the police, like "you wave a flag against me?" Make us suspect he would) or is he just looking for revenge for the murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us a conclusive answer anyway. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's work on the character deserves special mention ?? she created a really indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give him a lot of "business" ?? in the form of physical objects that she uses to draw the public into her world, especially her worn out links. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere less used) using chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The focus on Moe's relationship with Skip provides one of the most revealing themes of cinema "honor among thieves". In fact, Skip has the same kind of facility and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who resents him. I loved the scene where he invited the police by their name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at his cabin. This is the kind of detail that makes this movie look real ?? Whether it is really "realistic" or not, or it would be important, are totally separate issues. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would say that this is an essential detective film that has many of the best and most enduring attributes. of the film school "noir film". A predictable plot is thwarted by a host of colorful characters (uniformly interpreted), inexpensive sets are hidden by the film's relentless pace, and the end product seems much more substantial than it probably is. This is the best film I have seen so far from Sam Fuller and that helps me better understand why he is considered a master director ?? Here, he has accomplished some things that I think I have tried but which have finally failed in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" with respect to the very emphatic playing styles and suspense. This is one of my favorite Widmark performances I've seen so far ?? and Widmark was a talent that I'm tempted to say (based on the few amazing movies I saw with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he may have made less classic movies .
