"Shock Corridor (1963)" is my first Samuel Fuller movie. I was impressed by the filmmaker's mix of film and big-budget aesthetics, even though the story itself was purely schlocking. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was published a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced with a larger budget from a well-known studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. Nevertheless, the visuals are always remarkable in that there is a somewhat crude and naturalistic element in the photograph, not very different from Dassin's "Night and City" (1950) and "Panic in the Streets" (1950). "Kazan" was also shot by director of photography Joe McDonald} In some scenes, Fuller places the camera so close to the face of his actors that it is blurry, recording intimate thoughts, emotions and the brief inflections that are communicated through the most revealing features of his face, the eye.Although (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama, and with just a hint of anticommunist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a powerful black film that most remarkably succeeds in its evocation of decor in the underground of New York City. <br /> <br /> When the pickpocket out of prison, Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) seizes the bag of a fe even in the subway (Jean Peters), he gets more than he d initially negotiated. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) had smuggled top secret information to the communists, and McKoy unexpectedly recovered a large roll of microfilm. Will he entrust the MacGuffin to the relevant authorities or sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a flaw, it's because the story seems uniquely designed to reinforce an anticommunist agenda, stinking of propaganda like no other since World War II (Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, has also written in particular 'The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film of the series". For no apparent reason, each identifiable character ?? even the Skip McCoy, quite selfish and selfish ?? finally becomes a patriot who sacrifices himself, the transformation predictable from the start. In the traditional black film, the criminal without excuses always pulls out of the game, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they served their country; patriotism erases slate. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I really begin to love, plays with the calm of the haughty pickpocket, but always with that edge of discomfort that suggests biting harder than it can chew. The opening scene in the train is the best of the film, while McCoy silently peaches in his victim's handbag, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket (1959)". Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who will peddle information to anyone willing to pay for it (though, of course, she sets the limit at Commies). Jean Peters is well interpreted as the trash lady who passes information to the other side, playing the role almost totally devoid of glamor; Fuller allegedly accused the actress of having her leg slightly bent from a prostitute. Nevertheless, Peters must undergo with Widmark an artificial love story that really discourages the realism of the film. Fascinating, when it was released, "Pickup on South Street" was quickly condemned as communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it to be the exact opposite. Go understand.
