Samuel Fuller is far from being one of the great American directors. I'm not sure he's considered one of Hollywood's great craftsmen. But he is certainly one of the best Hollywood professionals willing to follow their own music. While working for Hollywood studios, he knew how to handle a task, shape the mediocre material entrusted to him, and then quickly and efficiently turn it into something usually better than his components ... on time and the budgets allocated. The pickup on South Street is an example. On the surface, this is one of the anti-Commie movies of Hollywood's 50s debut, with calls for patriotism, a stubborn hero and a gooey villain (and copiously sweaty). Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood clichés into an exciting and exciting drama with countless twists and turns. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a loser three times, a sweet-fingered crook who does not change color before the end. The girl in the caper, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to replace if you're so inclined. One of the most appealing characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to the battle of Hollywood against Commies, calls for patriotism fall on deaf ears. the hero is motivated by nothing so noble. He just wants to be reimbursed for a personal reason, and ends up becoming ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the actors were mainly assigned to Fuller by the studio. He had to fend for himself. Richard Widmark had established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a beautiful portrait of a sexy and dumb woman, and nothing better than her friends ... or her clients ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who will later become a two-time Tony award-winning star on Broadway, is very slippery and cowardly. It is hard to remember that it was the actor who inflicted on us, that is to say presented "The impossible dream" of Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else , this pickpocket story takes a purse in a subway car and ends up with microfilm secrets instead of money, pursued by the federal government and commissions, go straight ahead with a great economy. The whole company, with a classic black look, only takes 80 minutes. The dialogue, with Fuller as a scriptwriter, has this party of pulpy style, partly piquant and hard. "That muffin you grabbed ... she's fine," said a character to Skip about Candy. Fuller moves us quite quickly from one scene to another so that we stay hooked to what will follow. Then Fuller adds the character of Moe Williams. All of a sudden, history goes up to a whole new level of interest, at once relieved and comical, and inevitably sad. <br /> <br /> What I like most about the film is how the opener illustrates Fuller's talents and assets. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, from the credits, Fuller is able to instantly feed the film, establish the content of the story and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we're going to be involved with. And he does it with such curiosity in this crowded metro car that we can almost feel Fuller picking up the hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> Glenn Erickson, who is in my opinion one of the best film critics, says: "In what should be an unimportant story, Sam Fuller defines his particular vision of low Americanism. top: steep, aggressive Self-interest means that, once fully expressed, he recognizes what is wrong and what is right and is not afraid to defend it As always in his work, the people who are are the ones who are least likely to benefit from this effort. "He is right, and this is a film still alive after 55 years.
