"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama series about a small criminal who is suddenly involved in the activities of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the dynamics are maintained thanks to a brilliant edition. The use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's style and Joseph MacDonald's cinematography are excellent. Many scenes offer, by their composition and their lighting, a strong atmosphere and a particular atmosphere. <br /> <br /> The Ace pickpocket and the recidivist Skip McCoy Widmark) enters the deep waters when he steals the wallet of a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) in the New York subway. His ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) used it to make a delivery to one of his contacts in a communist organization and without his knowledge, it carried US government secrets recorded on microfilm. Two FBI agents followed Candy and witnessed the robbery. One of the agents continues to bring her back to Joey's apartment and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits police captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy for a few months as part of her search for the leader of a communist group. <br /> <br /> To identify the pickpocket, Tiger uses a "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter) who, after receiving a precise description of the working method of the "gun", draws up a list of eight possible suspects. Once Tiger sees the name of Skip on the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man to be found and he sends two detectives to stop him. When Skip is brought into Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger proposes to drop any charges if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is flippant and arrogant. He clearly does not trust Tiger and denies any knowledge of theft on the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and retrieve it. Candy pays Moe for Skip's address and when Skip comes back from interrogation by Tiger, he finds Candy searching his house and stuns him before stealing his money. Upon recovery, Skip requested $ 25,000 for the microfilm. She talks to Joey about Skip's request and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to retrieve the microfilm the next night. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy are attracted to each other and it is because of their unstable relationship with them that a way is put in place to allow them to evade attention of the police. However, it soon becomes clear that solving the problem with the communist gang will only be possible through more direct action. <br /> <br /> The representations of Skip, Candy and Moe as characters who live in a shabby world in which they are. Moe's work as a police informant depends on his knowledge of people in his community, but these people also know what he's doing and whoever he is. of them could seek their revenge at any time. She looks devious and clever but also vulnerable because she describes herself as an "old clock down" and saves money to be able to bury properly in an exclusive Long Island cemetery. Her conviction that "every dollar has its own meaning" leads her to sell any information, regardless of danger, friendships or principles. However, there is an occasion where she refuses and that proves fatal. The performance of Thelma Ritter certainly deserves the Oscar nomination for her role. <br /> <br /> Skip is a violent criminal who does not care about his victims. Having already been sentenced three times, he lives under the constant threat of being imprisoned for life if sentenced again. Despite this, he still pursues his criminal activities and, strangely enough, he is purely philosophical when Moe betrays his comings and goings and that he even makes sure later that Moe receives the type of burial that she so much appreciated. Candy is an ex-prostitute and her activities constantly put her in danger but behind her hardened exterior, a warmer side becomes more and more obvious. Widmark and Peters are perfect for their roles and, like Ritter, describe the different facets of their personality with great style and conviction.
