After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making movies on non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years dealt with our story, from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in production order was this film starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok and Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a bad guy as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought at Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling arms to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> The film traces the history of the United States after the American Civil War. . We see early in Lincoln talking about the next step, now that Lee has surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the west (more on this later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. This April 14 had to be very busy for Abe - at "Virginia City", he forgives Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins the same day. <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was concerned about the last day of his presidency, his immediate reflections were aimed at reuniting the states of the former Confederation and its citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was the Reconstruction that caught his attention, not the West (with the exception of the problems of Maximillian and his French-controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he had been involved in real problems with the West. In 1862 he sent General John Pope, the losing loser of Second Manassas, to Minnesota, Minnesota, to end a serious war with the Sioux (subject of McKinley Kantor's novel, "Sprit Lake". to be quite effective here, and the revolt has been broken. <br /> <br /> However, with all of Lincoln's current attention on Western issues, it is doubtful whether he says (as Cooper at least repeats) times): "The border should be safe." There is nothing to say that he could not have said, but it is hardly a profound statement made by an influential statesman For example, Teddy Roosevelt said, "Have a good breakfast every morning for your health." A deep policy statement - at best, it's a recognizable statement of fact. minor, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe Doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of the way the DeMill scripts e have very bad mistakes of common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, it is not a ruin m istake. "The Plainsman" is an adventure film, and as such, it enjoys all the benefits of filmmaker DeMille. As such, it is worth watching. But not as a manual on Lincoln's political ideas or his legacy to quote.
