Kim Basinger plays Della, a housewife with twin children (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and a violent imbecile for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The film opens Christmas Eve. Kenneth goes home after work, driving a nice car too, I might add. He's on the phone talking to a business partner, I guess. When he comes home, he sees that the floor is messy with shoes and toys scattered around. This makes him even more angry and he chats with his wife, Della, asking him why the house is still messy. He pins it against the wall. The watch of the twins from the stairs. He hits the wall, leaving a hole in it and moves away. She tends the children to try to comfort them. That done, she must go to the mall to make last-minute purchases for want of wrapping paper. She gets there and the car park is full because there are a lot of last minute guests. While looking for a parking space, she notices a car occupying two places and it irritates him. She finally finds a place to park, goes to the monstrous car and leaves a note under the wiper calling the owner a "selfish idiot". She then goes to the mall to do her last-minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When she finally leaves the mall, it closes and many people have already left. Not the owner of the car, however she left the note and she noticed it on the way to his vehicle. She also notes that the note left under the windshield wiper is no longer there. Odd. When she arrives at her vehicle, she enters to start it. She notices a car coming up behind her and preventing her from backing up. She gets out of the car only to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie-played by Lukas Haas), she left the note and a bunch of her rogue friends. A howl ensues and a policeman from the mall (no, not Paul Blart) walks over to see what the problem is, but Chuckie blows his head. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts it and passes above the median in front of her. Chuckie and his group jump into his car and chase. Della eventually drops her vehicle into a pile of logs in a subdivision, but she is unscathed. She manages to get to the back of her vehicle, opens the tailgate and grabs a toolbox before the thugs go there. <br /> <br /> With that, Della spends the rest of the night trying to distance the armed thugs with only the tools she has in her toolbox. The first murder, in my opinion, is the best. The first murder that Della makes anyway. The last was probably the weakest and it should be the best since it was the main villain she offered. <br /> <br /> I will admit that there are some who are delayed and that I was dropped a little myself. All in all, it's a fun movie that goes well at one hour and twenty minutes.
