Gordon Parks, the prolific photographer of Black Life magazine, has created a real time bomb of a movie - a bomb that does not have fun! Based on the true story of two New York police officers - later dubbed Batman and Robin - who used a radical tactic to clean up their drug neighborhood, it's a cop movie before the term becomes a repetitive formula. At the rate of lightning, there is not a single disposable scene here. <br /> <br /> Man, in the early 70's, NYC had to be a terrible place to be a policeman, to believe movies like this and "Serpico". These two cops start as security division recruits, crushing plainclothes dealers in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city's police department, they receive only the resistance and antagonism of their peers. They must navigate on their own in a minefield of police and lawful corruption, as well as for delicate tasks to prevent them from working on the streets, ruthless pillars of drugs and ghetto district. <br /> <br /> David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the tracks; Part of the entertainment consists of watching Leibman's eyes running wildly in all scenes of what is a flawless comic performance, and Selby's acting is unobtrusive and twisted. These two elements make all comic aspects of the story work - displaying palpable frustration and brave determination. The director Parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial topics in his photographs, does not fear the seriousness of the story. The film is rather uncompromising in portraying the harshness of the police world and the street criminals that these two men inhabit. Add to this realism the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors for the film, and even played in surreal cameo roles as two fellow officers who ridicule the protagonists. It's a real tribute to the efficiency of Parks' management that he manages to perfectly balance this depressing film with a brilliant comedy. <br /> <br /> Why did MGM / UA leave it for 30 years - just a video or DVD release in the US? It is a minor masterpiece of the 1970s.
