Before Crash, there was this interesting movie called Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the old film, Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who met as friends throughout their lives. For me, Crash was still a slightly better movie, but Grand Canyon was no exception either. <br /> <br /> Los Angeles Square, a senior lawyer, Mack (Kevin Kline), takes a shortcut to the side of the pioneers. from the city only so that his car breaks down at the worst time. He calls a tow truck and has to wait for a moment before being threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon, the driver of the tow truck arrives at the right time and lets Simon (Danny Glover) take the truck. The two men are threatened, but Simon manages to get out of the hopeless situation, Mack and his car. It is from now on that a friendship develops between the two men during their life, Mack helping Simon, just as Simon had already helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see that Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her eldest son who seems to roam the streets at night with nasty people. Mack offers them a better place to live and meets Simon with his secretary Jane's friend (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the film's main plot, but there are other smaller intrigues involving the same The secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker) as well as Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who discovers an abandoned baby shortly after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film role) went camping for the summer. move on to his own life soon. The details of all these parcels are gathered in a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to embrace all the scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps greatly in the fluidity of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date was The Big Chill, has created a beautiful film here. The cast is excellent, and most ideas are well thought out, but alas, it lacks greatness, because some points, which would have made the film even stronger, are passed over in silence. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been more separated from the whole story, and perhaps then, Lawrence Kasdan's views on life between the upper and lower classes would be more at a higher level than a good one. . The Grand Canyon has still exceeded expectations and you will certainly have a view of the canyon that gave its name to this film. Steve Martin also has a small role to play in Davis, producer of violent films, who gives his own perspective on life and plays a minor role in the ideas of this film.
