Many of the comments that people have made seem to me sorry. Kasdan wants to present life, simply, ordinary life. The story structured in a conventional way, where the characters have ideas that change their lives, then fade, the music goes up and the film is over, is absorbed by this much larger canvas. Many characters in this film have such enlightenment, then they continue. Sometimes they can keep their ideas, sometimes they can not, and that's how life really is. In other words, Kasdan abandons the conventional dramatic structure in favor of an exploration of the continuity of life. there is no happy ending, only a possible end; and all that is still going on, still to win? and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, an exploration of the role of the miraculous in our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself, for starters. Then add all the random incidents and cross-connections that make up one life, or several interconnected lives, and you'll get miracles. Kasdan emphasizes this theme slightly, rather than insisting on it, and reinforces it in different ways, notably by the device, located at the center of the film, which consists of having Mac and his wife in bed, each dreaming of his own dreams, but also show, later in the film, how these dreams have the power, in the film, to shape the reality. This is not a movie with an easy or obvious message. You just have to let it play in front of you, then leave it in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years and see what it has produced here. This is without a doubt the best film of Kasdan, the most mature, the most human. A major meditation on the life of one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy is, of course, that he has not been allowed to work for a number of years, mainly because of studio constraints around "Dreamcatcher". Let's hope we have not heard the last word from Larry Kasdan. A great movie of a great artist. Keep in mind that art does not have to be completely rationalized to succeed.
