If you really want to know how most actors and directors of the Hollywood scene have been "where they are", the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will say it) that a strange coincidence has occurred. They met the right people at the right time and got into the right project, which led to other connections and projects. Quinten Tarrantino took a drama class whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey lifted an elderly woman's sleepy routine at a famous playwright's conference that helped him land a major role. And Robin Williams attributes his career to the son of Gary Marshall who, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested to his father that an extraterrestrial goes to the Cunningham's "Happy Days". These coincidences, often considered pure chance, shape many careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure chance? Is it possible that something else is happening? "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, offers a completely different explanation of the inexplicable, aka the strange miraculous coincidence. The film is about several different characters whose lives intersect as a result of both positive and inexplicable events. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is ruptured in one of Los Angeles' most dangerous neighborhoods. After calling a tow truck, a young gang docks him. They threaten violence if he does not leave his car. Just before the confrontation degenerates, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the tow truck and mitigates the intentions of the gang. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent movies gets shot in the leg and then has a spiritual experience. He then announces his retirement from the production of bloody and bloody entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), during a morning jog, discovers a baby hidden in foliage. She claims that the baby cried for her and that her "rescue" of the baby was pre-ordained. <br /> <br /> The film explores in more detail the results of these strange connections that lead to new relationships, the end of relationships and new beginnings. And all this time, a strange homeless person appears throughout the movie, as if he was also connected to everything that was going on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for a film in general, to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are a few moments that seem a bit incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work is the superb interpretation by the cast. Although miracles and coincidences may seem exaggerated, the actors make you believe that they live these new realities. This may be something we should explore more often.
