I revisited the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I began to list the top ten years of the 1990s. I first saw the film at the age of 17. How did I hear about it? Siskel & Ebert examined it and strongly recommended it in 1991. I finally filmed it a year later. <br /> <br /> It's an excellent film, a powerful film, a healing film, about the power of listening, really listening to each other. I have seen it six times now, and it bothers me and inspires me with each new visit. But why bad reviews for this movie? Maltin's guide gives him two out of four. Too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too much sap are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there are also a lot of coincidences. But he delivers with an intensity and a strength that seems flexible. For all the "conspiracy" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as roadside shootings, a police chase, an earthquake, a love affair, a woman's discovery of a baby in the bushes, a Another shootout, a near-crash rider, and the wise advice of a homeless man, this film wins through the clever performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. He also succeeds thanks to the skillful direction and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know it's not just another movie when you're looking at a movie at the beginning of the movie in which Kevin Kline is being harassed by four young blacks. Danny Glover plays the role of a tow truck driver who assists the Kline character, but not before being harassed by the leader of the group. Listen to the dialogue as the kid suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me because of me or my gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is filled with perceptual scenes one after the other. Steve Martin should have been nominated as a best supporting actor as a movie producer who changed his mind and then changed his mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can move us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but for which we must constantly fight, rather than depend on ourselves. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid Grand Canyon can not be lost forever in the desert of non-new versions in the video store. But with offers now on older versions not exceeding 99 cents, I plead with everyone who read this in a columnist review that you will thank after renting it, Grand Canyon is something special. If you enjoyed Magnolia, another film with a big ensemble on deeply humanistic themes, you will also love the Grand Canyon.
