This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No film version of the novel has ever been attempted (it is remarkably rich in secondary intrigues that actually serve as points of contrast, so it would have been very difficult to prune it). The novel was Dickens' only attempt to turn the central narrator (one in two in the work) into a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens' style) mistreat her. She is illegitimate, but they will not tell her anything about her parentage. Later, we mingle with the gentry, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Lady Diana Rigg) is going through an increasingly difficult time with respect to her private life and the stealthy involvement of the Tulkinghorn Family Lawyer (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) who is trying to win a long-term trial, Jarndyce c. Jarndyce, whom everyone (even Richard's cousin, John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns is not worth it. effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens had been a law journalist and then a parliamentary journalist before writing novels. Beginning with the case of breach of promise in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said it was "a donkey" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would systematically support this view. He considers shantytowns as fertile ground for crime in TWIST, which the law is barely trying to cure. He attacks the Chancery Act and obsolete land laws, as well as overly powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT, he attacks the debtors' prisons (he had already struck him in David COPPERFIELD). In OUR AMI MUTUAL, he examines the testators and wills. In THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD, he was apparently on the verge of going to a murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also addresses other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the emerging detective force of Scotland Yard, social snobbery the industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize various people: Leigh Hunt, the writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard and even the notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points have been kept in this beautiful mini-series version. If it appears again on a cable station, catch it.
