Two-thirds of the nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this film rated it at 8, 9, or 10, and one user reported wearing six videocassettes (Was this a recording or just a defective VCR?). Although the film is primarily a period piece, it obviously evokes an unusual fascination. But for some reason, I imagined it to be largely fanciful and, until recently, I never wanted to look at it. Elizbeth Von Arnim's original book has changed its mind. My wife loves to read but her eyesight does not allow her to read much, so she borrowed it as a talking book. Such books are generally irritating to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually understood that it was soothing, although it was by no means syrupy, and was also very well written. I realized that my wife would like to watch the movie so I decided to buy her the video tape. I am now very happy to have done so, and I would definitely recommend its purchase to anyone who appreciates a thought-provoking work, without fireworks but with a well-built character development and a very successful Italian atmosphere before Mussolini . The story unfolds in the immediate aftermath of the First World War and begins with two married women from London who decide to pool their savings and vacation together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. The strength of circumstances makes this couple is joined by two other people with very different characters and backgrounds. Its theme is essentially nothing more than the interactions that take place over the holidays, not only between these four very disparate mature ladies, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or fashionable Harlequin romances, this is not the film for you. But IMDb users have demonstrated collectively and very forcefully that none of these elements were necessary for a film to be very rewarding to watch. If you want to try it, you can, as I did, rank it among your favorite movies. . <br /> <br /> It's pretty rare for me to watch a movie from a book I'm already familiar with. In many cases, I find that it takes a bit of pleasure to watch the movie, but here the visual appeal is so strong in the scenery that I found my pleasure enhanced by the anticipation of seeing the next segment of the movie. book, actually unrolled. before my eyes. (Maybe Italy itself has a role to play, the last time I had this experience was when I watched Decameron, Boccaccio's stories on TV.) books tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has an even wider appeal, but here, if any, it is reduced in order to keep viewers' attention on the progressive development of the character rather than a background event. It works very well, although the changes to the book are rare and the film remains fundamentally true to the original story. The director, Mike Newell, and all the cast members, especially the famous British actresses who play the four main ladies, deserve a lot of credit.
