Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the most royal families in America, are orphans at an early age. Just before going to France to fight during the First World War, their father told the oldest, Fiona, never to sell the land. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to spend most of their money to pay for lawyers to defend their property. Through certain shortcomings in the father's will, a man named Charles Barclay seizes the Gaylord territory, on which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is based on John D. Rockefeller, who purchased land and buildings from wealthy families in New York City to build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film mainly deals with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. . Fiona, played well by Barbara Stanwyck, although she is certainly not considered one of her best roles, seems to be a cold, domineering woman, and it becomes clear that she has skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle married in noble blood in England, but that does not stop her trying to steal Gig from her sister. The three sisters are quite well developed but, as is the major trend of The Gay Sisters, never quite well. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story went as it should, but it still looks like an idiot in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with him later in the film, it's impossible. Gig Young is played by, huh ?, Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. What happened was that the actor, who had previously appeared in several films under his real name, Byron Barr, was pushed by Warner Brothers to change his name to a more catchy name. I do not know who made the final choice, but he finally changed his screen name to Gig Young after the character he played in The Gay Sisters. Odd, huh? Young is pretty good during most of the movie, but the script does unfortunate things with his character late in the movie, which ultimately hurt the audience's sympathy. Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are very good in their role. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters had the potential to become one of the great sagas of the film family. The characters are all interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never looks for anything more than the simplest melodrama. If he had made the interrelations of all the main characters more complex, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or if they had made the flashback more complex, the film could have been fantastic. This could have also fleshed out the prologue more, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to be more concerned with the characters and more sympathetic with them. And the end needed a major repair. He basically gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Whatever sympathy his character had gained over the progression of the film, she collapsed. It is also much too happy. This story seems to be tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never resolved. As appalling as Fiona's story ends, Susanna's story, Gig and Evelyn is even worse. <br /> <br /> I always liked the movie. It is very viewable, even if it does not concern us like other great movies of the time. 7/10, mainly for its potential. It should have been redone, or the novel should have been rehabilitated, at some point in the studio era. It is too dated to be redone now. The '50s would have been the best period, at the time of movies like Giant.
