I saw Rob Roy for the first time twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented it to my fiancée and me for a chilling winter night. The film I wanted was gone, so I rented it instead, without much expectation, and I was very surprised at the quality of his work. I recently watched her again and I loved her as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with history, it's Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattle rancher and folk hero. From what I know about the man and his story, the freedoms were taken with the facts, but it's a film, not a textbook, and the filmmakers can be excused. Basically, the plot of the film is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle that he then intends to sell and make a big profit. But his plan is foiled when the friend entrusted with the money is stolen and murdered in the forest. Our hero finds himself on the run after failing to solve the problem with the Marquis and Mary, his wife, is the victim of a sadistic rape on the part of Archibald Cunningham, a malignant Englishman without soul. Atrocities ensue until, in an extremely satisfying conclusion, Rob sculpts Archibald as a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of great performances in this film, but let me touch on a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy beast you can not leave the eyes. Honestly, this man is like an ice cream: even if he is naughty, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man struggling to provide for those who depend on him, in the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, in the role of Mary, gives this woman a ferocity that pleasantly changes dull and dull movie wives that the public is usually forced to bear. You just know she does not take Rob's b's, or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth is completely exaggerated with his portrait of Archibald Evil, but in a way, it works. All these postures and gestures, combined with perverse dialogues, make one of the villains of the most memorable films of recent times. If you combine all this with the remarkable work of other players, with the sumptuous landscape of Scotland, you get a really cool movie. If you have not seen it, I highly recommend it.
