The year 1995, when so many people talked about Mel Gibson's BRAVEHEART premiere, also saw another very beautiful but underestimated film about Scottish history, ROB ROY. Even though it's a very different movie, especially because of the historical period in which the story unfolds, ROB ROY has a lot in common, not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the spirit even epic movies. <br /> <br /> It is a film that tackles similar themes, such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family being the key to happiness. It also leads us to the happiness of the Scottish Highlands, where the human soul rests, surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in the epic), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who fights to get his people out of the oppression imposed by lords at heart cold. Although he aggravates his situation through acts, that he must suffer a lot, two things remain undeniably: HONOR that he is given by himself and LOVE to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and the very lively action, the film is filled with really amazing visuals. This factor has to do with the sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the minds of all spectators who can afford to have a glimpse of artistic images. For me, the most splendid scene took place in the Highlands, when Rob Roy explained to his boys what honor really means. Then he sends them back and makes love to his wife. The scene where he escapes Marguis de Montrose (John Hurt) to go to the waterfall is also worth the look as a breathtaking visual. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is a graphic violence, as in the duel for example, but I do not think that this violence would be as damaging as in many other modern films. His justification is like all other epics: the bloodshed and the cruelty of those times were really serious and it would be pointless to hide them. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape committed on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of history: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and kids should absolutely stay away. However, everything else is O.K. Yet there is one aspect that made me really love this movie, the performances. <br /> <br /> All the actors do a perfect job, of the leader Lian Neeson who is very suitable for the role of big, courageous, strong Scottish, Brian Cox, interprets the evil Killearn, silent witness of terrible acts which is feel comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very much like Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the movie. There is chemistry between Mrs. Lange and Mr. Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a remarkable job as Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal in itself by all means. I like the calm of his portrait. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth who really represents the miserable side of his character, Archibald - a man who makes fun of love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and slaughter. But, as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: the musical score: such memorable and sentimental tunes that will not fail to ring in your ears . The last moment touched me with tears, not only because of the beauty it conveys, but also because I deeply combined these tunes of happiness with the greatness of the places. Scotland remains at the heart of its visitors and this film reminded me of this permanent effect. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very beautiful film, very well done, photographed and played. BRAVEHEART may not be comparable to BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and many extras on battle scenes, but it's a fairly long movie that pays a lot of attention to an essential element of the cinema: a breathtakingly entertaining entertainment to a sincere education. I really enjoyed this movie, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "high plateaux of entertainment" and note it 9/10
