Too bad for this beautiful film that was to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different film, the conflict between Scottish citizens and the English nobility is also at the center of our concerns. About 400 years had passed between Braveheart and Rob Roy, but some things never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English nobles and the mountaineers never seem to be able to take a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is well done, but not the great epic of Braveheart. There are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And usefully so that all the English are not described as evil this time. Rob Roy is simply a film about those who are honored and those who are really evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the main character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his main function is to protect and protect the livestock of the local noble known as Marquis de Montrose (John Hurt). Things are getting tough for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy prepares a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the Marquis and buy cattle of his own. He would then sell them at a higher price and use that money to improve the overall well-being of his community. That sounds right, does not it? Problems arise when two friends of the Marquis steal money for themselves. One of them, named Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character in the world. Played wonderfully by Tim Roth, this man is a penniless nobleman, sent by his mother to live with the Marquis. This man is disgusting, effeminate, impolite, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He gives birth to a child with a girl and refuses to acknowledge his responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of his house. This guy is really as rotten as the characters in the movie come. With another friend of the Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debts. Although it is painfully obvious for most people to know what happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor to his debt. It creates a conflict that will take a lot of lives and challenge the forces of a man who is simply fighting for dignity. <br /> <br /> Devastators to come !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for Duke MacGregor, a duke who is not a friend of the Marquis, is organizing a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict one and for all. This sword fight was considered by many to be one of the best films ever filmed. Many believe that Cunningham is a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, it seems that these attributes will prevail. Just when it looks like Rob Roy is finished, he turns the tables in a shocking and grotesque way. The first time you see what's going on, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, beautifully performed and perfectly rhythmic. The score is just as memorable. The casting choices seem to have worked since Jessica Lange, who might seem to be out of her element, performs in one of the best performances as Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but there is not too much gore. It is a vigorous image full of deviant behavior, however. The nobility is largely played as amoral and fishy. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
