Here is the moving story of the legendary Scottish hero, Rob Roy, and his battles with feudal landowners. Like Braveheart, to which he is frequently compared, it is not very historical. Despite their essentially fictional nature, I really appreciate these two films and I would have a hard time choosing between the two. The 13th century, William Wallace is, as others have already noted, a larger-than-life national figure, while Rob Roy, from the early 18th century, appears as an honorable but ordinary Scot. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around the chieftain. Robert Roy McGregor lives in a Scottish cottage in the Highlands with his wife Mary and their two young sons. At the beginning of the film, he and his clan mates search for thieves who have stolen the local lord's cattle. Rob Roy then wanted to improve the living conditions of his people and thus obliged to borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from a noble of the place, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy livestock to the herd. He gives this money temporarily to his friend Alan McDonald. When McDonald's and the money disappear, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as his despicable protégé, Archibald Cunningham, and his shady factor, Killearn. The honor of Rob Roy is also put to the test when Montrose seeks to implicate him in a false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wishes to accuse of being Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is as brilliant as Rob Roy, a Kilté mountaineer, an intelligent, virile and noble hero, and a man whose sense of honor is at the center of this story. Personally, I think this is Neeson's best performance. His brogue (even if Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man who can be trusted to speak. He is a loving husband and father, and also very moved by his friend McDonald, accused of stealing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully describes his main opponent and surely one of the most hateful and sadistic villains, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish and ruthless peacock. He is very effeminate for someone whose main mission is to frighten women in the region, willingly or by force. The pathetic Cunningham himself alludes to the fact that he is a bastard ignorant of his own father's identity, although this hardly justifies his terrible misdeeds of murder, rape and theft. In addition, he ruthlessly dismisses the young servant Betty after she is pregnant with her child, which leads to her suicide. John Hurt plays Montrose, an arrogant and phantasmagoric man who is ultimately considered to be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is essentially a very credible love story between an ordinary man and his wife, magnificently illustrating the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who wonder about the presence of passion in marriage should look at this husband and his wife! I think that the phrase used by this couple, "As you are good for me ..." is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinema. <br /> <br /> The most convincing performance is probably that of Jessica Lange, Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Without makeup, she looks beautifully natural to a robust peasant woman and mother. The actress brings a lot of courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham, under Killearn's disgusting gaze. His dialogue is simple but full of pride and grace. I pay homage to Hollywood that once they showed enough on the rape scene to reveal her cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing wanted to cause a sensation. Their parent, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional anguish when he learns of Mary's rape and further torment when she swears never to reveal to her husband his violation by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film features the magnificent landscape of the Scottish highlands, sumptuous period costumes and appropriate musical scores. There are no big battle scenes as in Braveheart, but still engaging actions and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film that features a tense action and a beautiful love story.
