Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you can stand the slow development. While tackling a dark and harsh subject, the brutal guerrilla war in the American West during its civil war (which in turn spawned the outlaws of the old west of the 1870s), the film maintains a strangely satisfactory and unmanipulated atmosphere. I'm referring to the trend of music and movie lighting to make you feel the mood you expect. But RWTD has rather a relatively optimistic soundtrack and allows words and action to express themselves rather than manipulate the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast for this particular area of ​​CW history, I 'am very impressed by the accuracy of the film. The diologist is skillfully written (sometimes even with subtle humor) with references to bushwhackers and previous border battles (Independence for example ... A bit far from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that affect Jake's group are similar to the actual events that took place ... especially the attack when they are hidden in the house and the destruction of the store / booth. The battle scenes, although rare, are rather well executed. The first CW cavalry battle was even filmed recently. <br /> <br /> The show shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in a subtle way. Example: Black John's character mocks a Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army, who should we fight ?! Who should we fight ?!" (The shot then passes to a trio of Confederate Regulars standing, doing nothing can stop the carnage as long as the voice continues) You are all cowards! "Who are the cowards, really? Small touches like this really improve the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The story does not present large, garish areas, which can not be said of the Glory movie's masterpiece, which was essentially a fiction in the context of the major events that follow. Some minor problems include the fact that the years indicated by the events represented do not add up. But you will never notice that. A bigger curiosity is the fact that the only African-American character in the film is the quasi-slave fighter for Jake and his Confederate bushwhackers. It is true that some Blacks fought for Confederation, including one who had tracked Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would suspect him?). Although this black rebel was a fascinating character (no matter what the PC African-Americans thought of him), no black Union infantry film was seen in the film, which would have been more representative Black experience in the West. One of the first black regiments of the army was raised in Kansas (by assassin Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass. The famous celebrity was organized), and black troops in battles such as Baxter Springs, Kansas, played a critical role. role. <br /> <br /> No blatant historical errors. Good action realistic, infrequent and unrewarding. Good realization. This film may not be what the great civil war of recent years was, but it's the cleanest job.
