The war between states was perhaps the darkest hour in American history. a war between brother against brother and family against family and left scars that still today are not healed and that, presumably, will never be healed. And, as in any story about a war, beyond any historical significance, it is the personal discord behind the greatest conflict that creates the emotional momentum that makes it involved. It is the human element that provides the context for a perspective, as Ang Lee put it in "Ride With the Devil," a drama of the Civil War in which he focuses on personal hardship in the world. wider context of the war itself. and, along the way, manages to include an examination of one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence, Kansas, by Quantrill and his raiders, which he manages to present fairly objectively from the point of view of the Confederates. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the influence of union prevailed in the state of Kansas and, even in Missouri, on the other side of the border, the Confederate faithful have more and more of to resist the invading Northerners, especially without the help of what might be considered "regular" Confederate troops. And when things start to get warm around their city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form a group and join the fray, causing damage to the Union cause every time that this is achievable. Jack Bull and Jake do not like war and do not like to kill; but they are fighting for what they believe to be right. <br /> <br /> But there are others, even among them, men like the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use the conflict as a way to make a living and as a excuse. express their own violent nature through unnecessary brutality, often perpetrated against innocent victims. Thus, for Jack Bull and Jake, as for many of them, it is a time when the loyalty and the moral judgments will be put to the test. a time during which their souls will be soaked in blood. And they will have to ride with the devil himself, against seemingly insurmountable odds. <br /> <br /> As with all his films, director Ang Lee discusses his story through an incisive but subtle examination of the traditions, moral aspects and attitudes of people and moments he describes. In doing so, Lee provides at least some understanding of his subject to his audience, going beyond the real story and offering, perhaps, a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and the drama in which they are incurred. Be it the traditions and customs that explain the relationship between a father and his daughters ("Eat Drink Man Woman"), the effects of the class distinction ("Sense and Sensibility"), the honor and the code according to which a warrior lives and dies ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") or moral ambiguities engendered by lack of all of the above ("Ice Storm"), Lee infuses his films with a glimpse of the human condition that elevates them at a higher level. This film is no exception. and (as he does with all his films), Lee presents his story with a breathtaking cinematography (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also brilliantly directed "The Ice Storm"), which under his guidance is nothing less than visual. poetry. It's Lee's special touch that adds nostalgic and reflective meaning to the story he tells, which is one of the things that make his films so memorable. <br /> <br /> As a Jake, Tobey Maguire brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film that contrasts so effectively with the maturity that it will later convey as the story unfolds and the story unfolds. his character. More importantly, Maguire reacts in a convincing and credible way to the events unfolding around him, which reinforces the credibility of the film as a whole and underlines the realism of the presentation: its stoic acceptance of death and the news of those who were "murdered" in various skirmishes. and battles; the moral property to which he clashes, even in these troubled times; treason, which because of the nature of the conflict is almost banal; and the loyalty and beliefs to which he and his companions cling firmly. That's all Maguire achieves through his performance, and it's not a slim accomplishment. However, this is the kind of performance studied and minimized that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate. Skeet Ulrich is as efficient as Jack Bull and Jewel (in his film debut) turns into an engaging performance like Sue Lee. Shelley. It is Jeffrey Wright, however, who stands out in a notable supporting role as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who poses a terrifying threat to Christopher Walken on his role as Pitt. Moreover, in what amounts to a cameo role (a scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little time on the screen. <br /> <br /> The secondary cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel ) and Kathleen Warfel (Ms. Chiles). The civil war will forever be an open wound to the nation; but over time, it is hoped that filmmakers like Ang Lee and films like Ride With the Devil will be the subject of objective reflections that will ultimately help end schism and promote healing. In light of more recent events, it is something that is sorely lacking around the world. The film is a powerful medium. it can be both educational and entertaining, and perhaps in the future, more filmmakers, like Ang Lee, will adopt and foster a sense of unity by sensitively portraying the events and attitudes that make we are what we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
