Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm", turned to the American Civil War for his latest film. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the exploits of a group of southern guerrillas, known as bushwhackers, who fight their counterparts in the North, the Jayhawkers in the Missouri countryside. <br /> <br /> As one might expect, there is a lot of visceral action, but the stress is on the tension created by the war on the young men who fought it - a lot of between them fighting against their former neighbors and even with their family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is a man, or rather a boy, since he was only seventeen when the war reached Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a unionist, he joins his longtime friend, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the bushwhackers. Despite a lack of acceptance because of his ancestors and his refusal to participate in the killing of unarmed Union men, he remains true to the cause. The same goes for his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed by another scammer and fighting for the South. <br /> <br /> Lee treats the subject with confidence, without ever rushing the deep introspection required by the action plot and this gives the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of time. boredom and waiting, interspersed with occasional outbursts of extremely terrifying fights. The gesture is glamorous and admirably frank, recognizing that both sides have committed a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are superb, with Maguire and Wright both courageous and dignified. The future Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly shocking as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly suave and arrogant. Lee never recoils before the reality of war, but his actors do an admirable job in showing the good that flows from it - the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage and, more broadly, the emancipation of the oppressed peoples. Ride With The Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that shocks regularly but still moves the audience.
