<br /> <br /> In anticipation of Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw it at great success and decided to try it. A Civil War movie is not the typical movie I watch. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This film was wonderfully written. The dialogue is in the old South style, but does not seem outdated and out of date. The spectacular game helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was great. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here it shines. I have always considered Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The big shock for me was Jewel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of before, is also excellent in this movie. It seems to me that acting, writing and staging are excellent. A film with bad writing gives the actors a bad image and vice versa. This film had the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant and the character development is spectacular. This film allows you to wish and hope for good things for some and bad things for others. This allows you to really know the characters, who are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guess, and ready for anything, anytime. Dozens of times, I was sure someone was going to be killed on silent parts of the movie "too silent" (brilliant achievement). It was also a beautifully shot movie. The scenery was not breathtaking (it is in Missouri and Kansas for goodness sakez) but there was clearly a lot of attention given to the selection of beautiful scenery. Has this rough and rough feel, but retains an elegance that is very pleasing to the eyes. The film was deep. It told a story and, in doing so, made you think. There were layers under this story of external civil war. Specifically, he focused on two characters who did not know very well what they were fighting for. There were many more profound issues dealt with in this film, too numerous to be chosen. It was like a new, wonderfully written, filled with symbols and artistic extras that lets you think during and after the end of the story. If you like acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directors of all time, see this movie! Take a chance on it.
