Gojoe is one of the least publicized among the recent actions of the Asian period. At first he is a little slow and often curious, but overall he is pretty cool, exciting, superimposed and beautiful. I am sad to say that I know practically nothing of the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend surrounding this film, so its deeper meanings are lost to me. However, even without the context, this product remains rich, taking a traditional fantasy structure, striking upper plane. The story is that of Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying Gojoe Bridge's demon: Prince Shanao, himself a deadly seeker in search of his own higher plane, but this time the power of the demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions and, in the case of Benkei, of indecision, a conflict in which the real goal is self-knowledge, so that Benkei can reconcile with his true nature and that the prince Shanao confronts the nature of he seeks to become. Benkei is even more embarrassed here by the fact that his dark nature fundamentally puts him in conflict with the world, even if he is not in open conflict, he is never comfortable. The director Sogo Ishii considers this an epic, with a measured cadence, a camera work always elegant and often frenetic, without neglecting the need for quieter moments to let in the place, it is also very useful to use lighting and fog to give an ethereal impression. Much of the film has a fantastic atmosphere, but outside supernatural moments, it's a depressing and dirty fantasy with more time than fantasies. Makoto Watanbe's cinematography is important here, vivid and detailed, a richly evocative affair. Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a cold and motivated arrogance like Prince Shanao. Masatoshi Nagase is an ordinary man, intelligent and cynical, but still unaware of the issues. The film fits well, however it is a flaccid touch at times, it starts slowly, some shots are a little stretched and epic battle scenes sometimes last longer than is strictly necessary. The fight is filmed rather frenzied than filmed, but it has an artistic impact, but can disappoint the amateurs of ordinary acts of action, often masked by objects, scintillating blades and fast-moving individuals, swirling with lethal force through their opponents on the agenda. It's invigorating to watch but in the end I could have done with a little more traditionalism. There are also some unfortunate bloodshed from CGIs, it works a little in context but is always distracting. Overall, I thought it was a very good movie. This is not a movie for ordinary action fans or swordplayers looking for another Azumi, but rather for a deeper and more mystical beast, its end will not please fans of the more generic wing. of this price. But as for me, it really hit and for those who are more adventurous, he could do it too. Well recommended in any case.
