The Ogre does not seem to have acquired a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I guess it may be because it has received the subtitle "Demons 3" to help it better sell. . Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two films of Demons, and the ogres and the demons are a little alike (in the sense that they are both "monsters") ... but other than that, this movie has no connection with the other two films. It's pretty good though! Italian filmmakers are known to have snatched popular films, and although this is not completely obvious; it seems to me that this one has taken a lot of influence from Hellraiser. The plot is centered on a horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by the memories of her childhood and found a living ogre in her basement. Not long after moving into the castle before these visions come back ... and it may not be a coincidence that she comes to believe that a murderous ogre lives in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously shot on a budget and it was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, it is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have as keen an eye as his father Mario; but it takes time to create a disturbing atmosphere that really compliments the film. The central frame, a large castle, is the ideal place for such a story and Lamberto makes the most of it; even if it sometimes involves tearing high quality films; like the inferno style pool scene. The plot in itself is not as successful as the atmosphere because several scenes drag on and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava can do a bit with the special effects. The ogre himself looks really silly and it's a good job that we do not see him very often. We come down to a montage, so highly predictable, an end and overall, I must say that this film is much better than expected and that it is recommended.
