I would like to warn all those who have not yet seen this movie not to watch "Casa dell'Orco" waiting for no demon, because you will not find it here. This film is not a third part of the series "Demons" and has absolutely nothing to do with it, except that Lamberto Bava did it. In fact, Michele Soavi's "The Church" is also known as an unofficial "Demons 3" and it's a misleading title in this case too, so go figure it out. It is obvious that because of the success of the movies "Demons"; they tried to deceive the public with misleading titles, even though it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. That said, I think it's unfair, however, to say that "Casa dell'Orco" is not worth a look. Honestly, the film is rather atmospheric and although there are some unintentionally hilarious situations, I thought it was really scary overall. Nevertheless, I think it is fair to say that the story tries to somehow imitate Lucio Fulci's "The house near the cemetery". Of course, this is only speculation on my part, but I think I have valid proofs. For example, in the two films, Paolo Marco is the man of the family, in both films, there is an irritating little son named Bobby, in both films, the wife of the house is a beautiful thirty, who seems be the only one It is important to note that something is really wrong in the new house and that in both films, there is really something wrong in the basement. I'm sorry but I can very easily link the two films and I do not say that as an accusation. On the contrary, what I mean is that those who liked "The house near the cemetery" will probably enjoy this film too, knowing of course that "Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less frightening, Not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> At "Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their grandson, Bobby, go on vacation to a deserted old town. castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after their arrival, Charel begins to feel that she had already gone there, which is impossible since she had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not overcome his already seen and the worst is that his visions, accompanied by the image of a horrible creature chasing her. Tom, who is not very patient at first, advises him to leave aside his insane hallucinations and enjoy his holidays. However, women's visions are becoming more real and the peace and calm they were supposed to enjoy is turning into a nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood becomes reality and this time, she will not be able to escape without confronting this threatening ogre first. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot turns out to be a little simplistic and therefore it is difficult to spend an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with nothing but the total silence and the image of the main character, walking through the castle for several minutes, reviving the images of his childhood and nothing other. It can be tedious at times, but overall it does not matter. Like many Italian horror films that appeared in the late '80s, this film is rather elegant and effective, but it also offers a great variety of unintentionally amusing moments that make the film unforgettable. For example, the part in which Charel is brutally slapped by her husband and instead of going to her room crying as I would have thought, she hits him by hitting him hard in the face and running away into the woods like a mad person. . The funny thing, though, is the fact that two minutes later, they are once again a happy couple, as if punching themselves like a punch was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but I found it absolutely hilarious. The ogre (who is obviously the villain of the story) looks scary and funny at the same time and let's face it: a villain who can make us flip and make us laugh a little, it's twice more well received. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but a lot more natural and human, of course. But if we focus on the really positive aspects I mentioned earlier: Simon Boswell's music is one of the strengths and even though it's almost always the same, it fits in perfectly and helps to create a rather dark atmosphere during moments of tension. So, if I have to make my final statement about this movie, I'm going to have to say that I can not help but love it, including the little flaws and most people who love these typical Italian horror movies of the end of the eighties, won do not be disappointed by this one. He has all the clichés typical and always well received, like the crazy old man who tells the truth, the local foxy woman who would be a witch, a terrifying castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and the locals who try to prevent the tourist with their hostility, to stay away from the infamous lands. I would say that "Casa dell'Orco" deserves two pokes and a punch on your wife's face, to pay tribute to the heroine of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
