"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the MGM classical music production unit, and overall, the film is very enjoyable ?? good music by Jule Styne and others, Gene Kelly's excellent dance (and even a passable work by Frank Sinatra), and a fun and rhythmic script. The only major element that I would criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a film always means that the public will be subjected to an endless pseudo-operatic whistle from the little Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval role A soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with mythical mythic nickname around the ship, but whose Valentino charms are constantly subjugated by the presence of his less impassive friend at Clarence (Sinatra) 's unlikely nickname, of Central American origin. After receiving 3 days of shore leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl on the dubious principle that he owes her something for saving her life. They are recruited by a police officer (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help persuade a young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first, it is Clarence who wants to court "Aunt Susan", but the character of Kelly appears as the most likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several remarkable musical scenes, but nothing is close to Kelly's more famous work in such films as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is a whimsical sequence with Kelly's character in a fantastic sequence dancing with Jerry, the "Tom and Jerry" mouse (although he seems to be closer in size to a dog or a cat here than a mouse). This is a surprising sequence for its time but does not have enough complexity or emotion to stand the test of time. In fact, I enjoyed the passages of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-balletic movements to emphasize the transition in the fantasy world and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something something that comes out of "Alice in Wonderland". <br /> <br /> The characters end up in Susan's favorite bar, a Mexican restaurant and bar that has been cleansed in Tijuana. There, customers allow Ms. Grayson to chirp her tunes with abandon. The management is very excited that Clarence and Joe have offered him to sing with their "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing himself with a touch of humor). . Of course, they have never met their "friend" Iturbi and spend a lot of time trying to reach him (in a fun scene, the character of Sinatra meets Iturbi but takes him for a piano tuner and pushes him to give up pianos professional career), sneak into the studio and the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi repeats a surreal symphony made up of dozens of young pianists? you have not seen anything like this outside of "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Iturbi himself is a kind of god-figure in the story ?? it represents the opportunity to save oneself from the unsatisfactory work chore and the possibility of a celebrity and an artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi hears Ms. Grayson, her operatic career will be a reality. The 3 main characters are desperate to reach him and consider him a sort of remote and distant mythological figure. Much of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception with the maestro's "real" very realistic mannerisms. Speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also offers a very stimulating musical moment thanks to his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> In the end, it's a film that no one appreciates the musicals will want to miss. The majority of the music was written for this film, which contrasts nicely with the recycled soundtracks of Kelly's other opus like "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still in her early days, adventurous and boisterous both in her dances and in her portrayal of the character. Sinatra's voice has never been so good and he has rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan and Grayson's character is endearing when she does not show up on stage. Iturbi adds this solid and sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM musical. This is one of the best.
