Although in my opinion, this is one of the less important musicals of the stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and the director George Sidney, a minor musical featuring a person from this line-up has nothing to sneeze, and makes Anchors Aweigh a very good film despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are respectively Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, two members of the Navy. At the beginning of the film, they stop in the Los Angeles area for a well-deserved leave. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is always a little wet behind the ears, appropriately, and privately asks Brady for advice (publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the Navy men comically exaggerating their finesse with women). Brady promises to help Doolittle connect, but mostly because Doolittle will not leave him alone otherwise. A plan is put into their plans when the local police essentially forces them to help a young boy who is obsessed with the navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up bringing the boy home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally arrives, Doolittle goes crazy. Brady tries to convince him to forget it. Brady just wants to go back to Lola. But they continue to be persuaded to return to Abbott and eventually form a love triangle. Things get complicated when Brady says that Doolittle knows a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, in residence at a movie studio, and says that Doolittle has organized an audition for Abbott, singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of history, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the principle of the Navy, obviously, Broadway pop - what stars tend to sing in more informal contexts, opera ... what Abbott's character excels at, the popular Liberace classic - what Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott frequents a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of LA This combination does not work as well as it could. Most of the songs are good and everyone involved certainly has a talent as a singer or musician, but the genre jump tends to lose coherence. Worse still, there are some showcases for Iturbi, who was apparently a big star at the time, who actually ends the plot and who seems more than a little hokey at this stage. I just watched Robert Altman's (1996) other movie, Robert Altman's (1996), but this inadvertently prevented the plot from periodically transforming into a concert film. Anchors Aweigh uses a similar tactic. Yes, it's a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that are propelled and are part of the intrigue plot and concerts that seem to be a contractual obligation. <br /> <br /> There are also some problems of intrigue. The reason why Brady is so opposed to Abbott's pursuit by Doolittle is not very well established. One can guess that Brady thinks that Doolittle should not engage with a person who has to look after a child and that seems relatively "appropriate" and traditional, but Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same thing. feminine disposition that Brady admits of himself. Abbott seems to be a good choice for Doolittle, and furthermore, Lennart strives to establish that Brady just wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and continue to meet Lola - it seems like Brady's character should implore Doolittle quickly from any which candidate. if it is a good fit or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but it's actually hinge a third to a half of the plot. The story also seems a bit long. Length is a problem. Anchors Aweigh, which took about two hours and twenty minutes, should have been reduced by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems like I'm complaining too much of the movie to justify 8. I just wanted to point out what I consider flaws, because the conventional wisdom about Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that there is none. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They achieve good performances. Sinatra looks and acts much younger than her real age of 29 ?? 30 pulling. He plays an unusually naïve and virgin character - completely different from most roles he would later assume, and different from his public crooner image. For Kelly, it was his revolutionary film, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticated and refined, and she is simply beautiful. All of this helps to overcome the shortcomings of the script and cadence. <br /> <br /> And there is even a very interesting element that probably comes from the fact that Sidney was allowed to expand on a wide variety of moods - the infamous Kelly dances with Jerry the Mouse ( of "Tom and Jerry") in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the first examples of a combination of live action and animation. It is extremely well done and nice if you are a fan of fantasy. Fantastic sequences tend to be the best of the movie. In keeping with the dance, Jerry the Mouse is a long song and a dance number starring Kelly and Grayson, where Brady imagines Abbott in a scene from a vintage movie while courting her, having to resort to acrobatic stunts she stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As uneven and imperfect as the film is, it is largely successful and fun to watch. Anchors Aweigh should certainly not miss the fans of classic musicals, any more than the fans of Sinatra, who will love his character.
