This film (like Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which was aired last night on Turner Classic Network) is famous for a unique musical sequence that took a place on Gene Kelly's CD: Like Fred Astaire dancing with a clothing then dancing In the walls and ceiling of the room, Gene Kelly danced in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story of the footage to Dean Stockwell and his school kids during a break of the day and paves the way for this sequence by letting Stockwell and the others shut up. eyes and imagine a type of pastoral background. Kelly even replaces the navy blue he wears in a navy blue "Pomeranian" uniform with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He is actually speaking - a first that he has not repeated for several decades. He finally puts Tom Cat in his place - Tom briefly appears as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer him up with a cheese platter. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon sequence with Kelly lasted about seven minutes. the film. Much more of this particular film is echoed by Kelly's story about the four-day lost holiday in Hollywood, and how Kelly ends up meeting Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) harassing Jose Iturbi at the MGM movie studio, the Hollywood Bowl , and Iturbi own house. Except that the two sailors do not want to say anything, this film could have been quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific and earned a medal. They are both members of the crew in California who get four days off. But the writers (to propel what would be a short film - Kelly planned to spend four days with a "Lola", a girl of good time invisible in Hollywood) and sell Gene with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems that Frank is one of those idiots who appear in film after film of the film factories (especially musicals) socially underdeveloped and in need of instructions on the meeting with girls (or the characters are women). Frank insists that Gene help "teach him" how to get a girl. At this point, a policeman takes them to headquarters to help the police with a little boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the Navy (and will not give his name and address to the police). When a protester can get this information from Stockwell by asking him direct questions (which the cops can not ask him), they insist that Kelly bring the boy back home to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly faces increasingly complex issues (mainly due to Sinatra's simplistic vision). He misses seeing Lola the next day while sleeping late - Sinatra felt he looked so peaceful that he was sleeping and did not wake him up. He keeps letting himself be drawn to Grayson because Sinatra thinks she's the right woman for himself, but she needs Kelly to get her to make love. <br /> <br /> I guess my plot presentation may annoy ANCORS fans. AWEIGH, but I find that kind of story irritating. While the songs, dances and concerts of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are first rate, it is annoying to have to take seriously the idiocies of someone like the character of Sinatra. In the real world, Kelly would have defeated him at the beginning to have followed him at the beginning of his four days off - what right does he have to insist (as Sinatra does) on the fact that someone who save their life should help him learn how to go out together? This kind of shit always spoils for me the full impact of a musical - unless the numbers are high enough to make me forget that kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> Iturbi's harassment is also boring. Kelly tries to make Sinatra Grayson love when he says that Sinatra can ask him for a meeting with Jose Iturbi to audition his ability to sing. Sinatra and Kelly try to do this for much of the photo and continue to wade (at one point - for no good reason - Grayson fails herself in her attempt to get an interview with MGM at Iturbi). It's only luck (Iturbi is sorry for an embarrassed Grayson) to give him an audition of his talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends up with Grayson. Sinatra's awareness of not being able to help him see Iturbi makes him ashamed of having disturbed her (but not attracting Kelly strangely) and he accidentally falls into a meeting with a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his hometown of Brooklyn. And of course, without any help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not "scriptwriter" necessarily!
