Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day holiday in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about girls and can not wait to see Lola. Clarence is shy and needs his friend's advice to meet girls. They then meet a little boy, Donald Martin, who fled to join the navy. They bring him home and meet his beautiful Aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer.Clarence wants Susie to be his daughter, but but he does not feel shy with a waitress, who comes from Brooklyn, as he does.Soon Joe notices that he is in love with Susie.The boys are in a difficult situation when they lie to Susie by meeting a great music producer they do not even know.When they are in a difficult situation with their feelings.Anchors of George Aweigh Sidney (1945) is a great musical. Gene Kelly is once again in singing and dancing. Frank Sinatra is great as a shy boy from Brooklyn. Shy is not the first thing we think about when we think Frank Sinatra, but he plays his role well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, we lost this actress and talented soprano singer last month to 88 years old. Dean Stockwell, 9 years old, does a man job wanting to become a sailor.Jose Iturbi does very good work.It's magic what he does with the piano.Edgar Kennedy plays the role of chief of the police station.Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse.There are many good things in this movie Just watch Kelly and Sinatra play "We Hate to Leave". It's so energetic. "If you knew Susie (as I know Susie)" is pretty fun. It's a good time when Frank sings Brahms' Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell. It's lovely to hear Grayson sing the tango "Jealousy". The most memorable sequence is the one that takes in the animated fantasy world, and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse.In addition, Tom Cat is seen there as the butler. They originally have Ked Mickey Mouse, but he has refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for Original Music Score. Aweigh Anchors is a high class entertainment.
