ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two enthusiastic young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), get a special four-day shore leave. Eager to meet the girls, especially Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn appear on the break of little Donald, crazy about the Navy (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). With little experience in women's habits and dating, Brooklyn quickly hires Joe to help her win over Aunt Susie. On the way however, Joe falls in love with the girl he believes belongs to his best friend. How will Brooklyn accept this betrayal? And will Joe be with Susie, who loves him too? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw him at the same time as ON THE TOWN, Kelly / Sinatra. collaboration since 1949. Both times, I had the impression that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film in terms of layout and structure. All the dances and songs fit perfectly into the plot, and they develop the characters and the story rather than hinder them. Yet, both times, I left with the feeling that ON THE TOWN is the best movie as a whole. Having seen both films a third time, I still maintain this judgment. In one way or another, ON THE TOWN, as a movie and entertainment, is simply lighter, more cheerful, pure and simple * happier *. The numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the plot, and yet it works better than all the dances and vocals in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I do not really know why. The typical argument is that this last film is too long: at almost two and a half hours, it is certainly a valid criticism. I certainly felt the length the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a film that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery needed to make it. And yet, something is not going well together. It almost feels like the script was scrutinized, and every moment Kelly got into the dance or the song Sinatra sang in, that's exactly what happened. . No opportunity to play a musical number has been abandoned ... and this is probably the biggest weakness of the film. It has 16 digits (just about a few), and no matter how big your Kelly or Sinatra fan is, it really starts to get numb after a while. (Contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers of ON THE TOWN.) You may well feel that every song, every dance, can not be removed from the film without leaving it missing ... and it's true. But it's also because the editors have not been more limited in their addition. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean that ITCORS is not a good thing. The musical * is splashed with beautiful songs, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate to leave", "I prayed" and "If you knew Susie"), the song of Sinatra ("What does the sunset sun, "" the charm of you ", and best of all," I fall too easily into love "), and undoubtedly the always inventive, always breathtaking dance of Kelly.It is also difficult to Missing with a cast of this caliber Grayson is sweet and seems to get better at each listening (his voice becomes more astonishing than scary) The role of Jose Iturbi is written with sympathy and he does a great job with. Clarence, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming ... as close as possible to Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is adorable with her blue eyes and curls, and plays wonderfully the innocent boy (a role he takes up in ON THE TOWN) His singing is, as usual itude, simply irreproachable, the enunciation of timing and phrasing. His solo numbers may seem a little dragging on, but when you have the voice of a century, showing it is probably as good a reason as slowing the rest of the movie! <br /> Gene Kelly's genius in this film is worthy of his own paragraph. ANCHORS AWEIGH is the third film behind Sinatra and Grayson. His Joe Brady is a real and believable character - he is hard on the outside, flippant and willing to lie when it is necessary to win a girl, but he is actually the greatest player on the inside. Kelly makes this thing more charming than not disgusting, but also gives Joe a real advantage that you see in the scene when Joe pursues Brooklyn around the room with a truly murderous look on his face and the breakfast tray in his hands. And the * dance * - again, the film suffers from the syndrome "too good thing spoils the effect", as is the case with the song of Sinatra. But again, if it's Gene Kelly who plays the softshoe, or taps the screen in a sailor's outfit or who disguises himself as a bandit leader ... could as well be exaggerated! All of Kelly's dances are breathtaking, from the simple simplicity of tap-dancing with Sinatra's "I Begged Her," her "Mexican Hat Dance" with the sweet-eyed, sweet-eyed girl to her lavish dance. of Spanish influence 'La Cumparsita'. Of course, the classic image remained in the public's mind forever is Kelly in her red, white and blue sailor suit, dancing with Jerry Mouse of 'Tom & Jerry' fame. A well-deserved golden cinematographic memory, it is rare to say that you are impressed by the special effects of a film made in 1945, given the saturation of the synthetic image on the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry always look great, Kelly always finds his place and looks exactly where he should look. It turns out that the only people who could really follow Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It's without a doubt that this first bold and inventive Kelly dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the history of cinema and the heart of classic movie buffs. But it should also be noted that it is the first of three collaborations between Kelly and Sinatra and that, although too long, there are still a few hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will please you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
