D.W. Griffith could have made any movie after the huge financial success of "The Birth of a Nation"; he chose to make the most technically ambitious film on this date, "Intolerance". He took a risk with such innovations in the editing and form of films, which resulted in the famous wreck of financial gear. Buster Keaton does not take this kind of risk with "Three Ages", a parody of "Intolerance". This is his first feature film (he only played in 'The Saphead'). His plan was to divide the three episodes of this film into three separate short films, which Griffith did with "Intolerance". Keaton was not obliged. Chaplin had already done well with feature films, so if Keaton took a risk here, it was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had already made a parody of another movie, with "Burlesque on Carmen". (1915). Keaton also seems to refer to this film. The fight scene in the episode of ancient Rome refers to the sword fight that turns into a wrestling match in Chaplin's film. The comic distance of the plot of the two scenes is the same. In addition, Chaplin's film imitated the frozen style of DeMille's "Carmen" and Chaplin's film seemed a tribute to this film. Keaton does not attempt radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but he nevertheless seems respectful of "intolerance". At least, the stories are not told like in other post-"Intolerance" films, such as Dreyer's "The Sheets of Satan's Book" (Blade af Satans, 1921) and Fritz Lang's "The Fate" (Der Müde) Tod, 1921). ). There are slight jumps between episodes. <br /> <br /> Keaton took risks, however, in his bold physical comedy. It is unintentionally that Keaton failed to jump from one building to another in the modern episode. He would have been persuaded to change the scene rather than attempt the jump again. And it's not just Keaton who took risks; the anachronistic baseball gag, for example, was rather dangerous. So, although differently, Keaton, like Griffith, took risks with his big movie. And, I think they both succeeded.
