A remarkable cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars awarded to actors playing disabled characters physically or mentally. The first was Marlee Matlin's award for "Children of a Little God" in 1986, and the next ten years would see another award from "Best Actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and not less than five "Best Actor". "awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for" Rain Man ", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for" My Left Foot ", Al Pacino in 1992 for" Scent of a Woman ", Tom Hanks in 1994 for" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine") for the portrayals of people with disabilities Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf herself, but all the others are valid. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon has given rise to some criticism at the time, some suggested that these awards were more attributed to political correctness than to the quality of the actors' play.When Jodie Foster did not win the award for "Best Actress" for "Nell" in In 1994, some people saw evidence of a brutal reaction against this type of representation, but in my opinion the majority of these awards were well deserved, and I thought that the 1992 award should have been awarded to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than Pacino, but other than that, the only one with which I disagreed with would have been that of Hanks, and that's because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in "The Madness of King George". In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character suffering from mental illness. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" is based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children of a working-class family in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and was initially wrongly thought to be mentally handicapped. For a long time, he was incapable of deliberate movements or words, but finally discovered that he could control the movements of a part of his body, his left foot (hence his title). He learned to write and draw by holding a chalk between his toes, before becoming a painter, novelist and published poet. <br /> <br /> Life in the working class of Dublin in the thirties and forties could be difficult, and the city, Jim Sheridan (himself a director), shows us that this place is in many ways a dark, gray and soulless place, very different from our normal idea of ​​"emerald island". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis were later to collaborate on another Irish-themed film "In the Name of the Father"). However, it is necessary to put the cheerfulness and the spirit of its people, in particular of the Brown family, in the joy. Much of Christy's success is due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and who always believed in intelligence hidden under a crippled exterior and his siblings . We see how his brothers led him in a specially designed cart and helped their mason father build Christy a room of his own in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could have easily sank into sentimentalism and turn into another comforting film "triumph over adversity". This is due to a number of factors, mainly the magnificent game. Over the course of his career, Day-Lewis has achieved several great performances, but this, with the recent "There Will Be Blood", is his best. He is never less than 100% convincing as Christie; His tortured, jerky movements and strained speech attempts persuade us that we are really watching a disabled person, even though, intellectually, we know Day-Lewis is capable of body. Other performances that stand out are those of Fiona Shaw as mentor Dr. Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as a young Christy and Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (which earned her the award for "Best actress in a supporting role "). <br /> <br /> The other reason the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalize its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it could also be difficult to live and the film gives us a portrait of "warts and everything". He was a heavy drinker, a vulgar language and subject to tantrums. He could also be selfish and manipulate those around him, and the movie shows us all aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his diabolical sense of humor. The game of Day-Lewis is not just physically convincing, in the sense that it persuades us to believe in the handicap of his character, but also convincing on the emotional and intellectual level, insofar as it brings out all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won by very powerful opponents such as Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but they deserved it. 8/10
