POLICE STORY (1985), Jackie Chan's classic feature film, is one of the most influential and delusional policemen ever to come out of Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a film that would include the usual kung-fu as well as ferocious gun games and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among Hong Kong filmmakers, such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY combines these two elements of action and styles and gives a result as wild as it may seem. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police force that protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who will soon be testifying against a powerful gangster leader and his circle of criminal activities. Jackie's girlfriend is portrayed by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild as her later roles, like Heroic Trio (and sequel) of Johnnie To, Soul Savior Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others. many others. The plot in POLICE STORY is very simple but it's the action that explains why this movie was shot. <br /> <br /> Jackie of course did all the stunts of her character all by herself and also hurt very badly in Some scenes, some of which in the finished movie, as in the end, in which Jackie strikes herself the head (near the eye) through a very sharp and very sharp glass. The members of Jackie's stunt team almost got killed while filming this movie. The scene in which a bus stopped just before Jackie, spitting the kidnappers through the windshield, was very degraded as the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen did not fly as they were supposed to do . They were supposed to fly in the car parked at the front of the bus but their flight was too short and they crossed the asphalt with injuries to the hospital. During the closing credits, there is behind-the-scenes imagery and images of these injured actors and everything looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or hurt too severely. <br /> <br /> The action is more than abundant and imaginative as one might expect from the director (action) Chan. The now legendary bus and shopping scenes are probably among the wildest scenes ever made by an action movie. Jackie always says how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in his action scenes and their timing is perfect and gives the movies a kinetic appearance like the Hollywood efforts, for example. There are hardly any slow moments here and these are also interesting and the movie never gets boring or hard to watch. <br /> <br /> But there is still a negative point that I can not bear in HK action comedies, namely the comedy itself. The comedy is not funny, especially when the errors and the amateur elements of the scenario are not there by accident but because the writer wanted to add them, without necessarily understanding that they are the sign of a bad scenario and a stupid dialogue. I want to talk about scenes such as the attempted knife-shooting in the beginning, when the murderer screams, screams, grimaces and acts like a drunken clown of some nightmare, and is there to "murder" that girl. This kind of game is stupid and inept and I would not want to see it in a film that is otherwise very great in its genre. The characters also express their thoughts, which is also a sign of a bad scenario, because these "strong thoughts" are only intended to clarify things, even for the most stupid viewer, and thus make them too simple and "clear" ". Even if the film is comic and not so serious, this kind of stupidness should not be there and we can not forgive them too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY is a fast action, full impact, bullets against the walls The miracle of the Hong Kong adventure and the time when Jackie was very sad because of the bad result with the American film The Protector, who did not have the same ideas about the film as the director James Glickenhaus and that the result had not given. Thank you to the public. Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and inventive film. That's what he did and the result is as wild today as in the '80s. It's one of the craziest action movies of all time, and it would be a bit perfect without the defects that I mentioned. 7/10
