Jackie Chan's Police Story is a star movie for the kind of action in Honk Kong and for Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot, like all movies of this era. and the genre, and like most movies of the kind of Police Storys, the script is nothing to be delighted. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays the role of a friendly policeman, who is struggling to convince the lord of the local gang. <br /> <br /> There's nothing special about the film's production and it's not the best directing effort, Jackie Chan told us that this responsibility lay with the underrated masterpiece " Miracles ". However, the work Jackie is doing is sufficient and respectable. The exceptional staging of the film comes with the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this film also vary, Jackie giving a very solid character, the nice typical Chan, against his role, but it's not his best acting role, which can be seen in the film directed by Sammo Hung "Heart of the Dragon". The other actors in the film also perform just as well as Jackie with Bridgete Lin playing relatively well as a reluctant witness, but she also has no full game potential. The leading role comes from Maggie Cheung as a girlfriend suffering from Jackies and Bill Tung as a friendly and funny police chief. None of the performances of this film are mediocre enough to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what really distinguishes this film from the others with a breathtaking contemporary choreography that suits the modern and urbanized setting. The action is among the biggest fight scenes ever put in camera. For starters, there's a shootout in the slum where Koo (ganglord) is doing a drug deal, without being a John Woo style sequence, it's a good beginner to the movie. Then come the famous car that goes down the side of the hill and through the heart of the slum, destroying everything on the horizon. This is a breathtaking sequence that has been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film, you'll see another remarkable sequence as Jackie tries to carry Bridgete Lin from her home. This is really the first scene where we discover the impressive fast melee fight that has since become the norm for all modern martial art movies. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and edited in a transparent way to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the standout fight sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence presents some of the best choreography, stunts and camera work / editing of Chans. This sequence is now famous for two things: the number of people sent through high-density glass, which is to say, a phenomenal number of people, and the stunt at the end where Jackie jumps from a balcony of 5th floor, clings to a pole and slides down through a glass roof (you have to see it to believe it). Although the two factors mentioned above are particularly brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this fight sequence is Chan's ability to incorporate anything into the fight sequence and the sheer originality of the choreography, which for me has never been improved. I also think that the action in Police Story is one of the best filmed and edited actions of Chans' career, which helps to differentiate her from the others. <br /> <br /> Overall, Police Story, despite its unspectacular storyline and screenplay, is one of the best action movies of all time that features the best choreography of Chans, the best action filmed and probably its most spectacular waterfall, making this viewing essential for everyone. After all, we're watching a Chan movie for action!
