Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely edifying documentary, despite its content. Sentenced to the Luther Luckett Penitentiary Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who raped, murdered, etc. and surrounded by bad people in a visibly depressing environment, find something they really enjoy and can become important, popular and celebrated in the theater world. There are themes parallel to the "Shawshank Redemption" with their institutionalized nature and in search of forgiveness and redemption for their past life. As we follow a generous, non-judgmental director, who gives his time every year to lead some inmates in a room chosen by William Shakespeare (this time, the "Tempest", which has been skillfully described with the inmates who could understand each other so much with its penetrating emphasis on forgiveness and redemption in which they confide and relate) we are presented to each actor in formal interviews that are beautifully punctuated by sequences of breaks repeating them. Each actor has his own story and recounts his regrets and the reasons why he is emotionally present with melancholic music above everyone in a traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected inmate (it seems) is Sammie. The director seems to immediately understand who Sammie's (and later Hal's) most interesting inmates were and allows for a longer and more in-depth look at the man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal revelations are a shock to the audience, but give him such an appeal in his emotional personality and special empathy is felt for him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the film. He spends even more time spending the time presented to him as a comfortable hobby in managing an on-site news program. Again, through personal interviews and self-admitted revelations by Hal (and beautifully photographed Hal's body language, not the close-ups of his uncertain hand movement not only observed with him, but also with others, ), in particular, his heart felt recounted uncertain and frightened by his true sexuality in a society that would not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film where he was shown sneaky and rude enough towards other inmates involved in the play, as if he considered himself above all like them, especially Ron who already has a frustrating temper in his acting. The relationship between all the inmates involved in the play is presented as a relationship of respect and union to achieve something great for themselves. With beautiful (if not clichés) time movements that pass with titles, etc. ?? everything seems to go well in the first act, and then, when preparing the public performance, things go wrong, as one might expect. An incentive to transfer one of the actors and replace his character with a new inmate gives the story an interesting secondary plot in a person who promises great things, but ultimately disappoints everything and does not meet his expectations. One inmate in particular (Big-G) welcomes the new detained actor (Rick) with an obvious desire to feed him into his beloved practice and, hopefully, to become a good role model. The film seems to capture each detainee's passion so well with something that the audience can understand, especially when Rick is put in the "Hole" to get tattoos of new tattoos (something that was nicely alluded to earlier in the movie when the guard stops a random inmate in the yard and asks him when he has a tattoo on his arm and we learn it is a punishable offense in the establishment) and Big-G's disappointment is good understood. A happy ending? It all looks great when they succeed (even if they are invited to perform elsewhere) and a sense of real unity resonates around them, but in the end, the film brings everyone back to reality : this is short-lived and all they have ever had. or wanted was and will always be removed from them. He is back in prison to pay for their crimes and whatever redemption they seek by playing these pieces, they will not be free men, their pride and gratitude are undermined by the fact that they are the most Down with the criminals and a beautiful halt in the catchy music playing in a long corridor that coincides with the extinction of the lights and the closing of the doors is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to know that he was looking at friendly people in the documentary by giving additional information at the end of the film about the future of each actor from the end of the film about their current situation and what is happening to them now.
