If you want to stage a play inside the prison, why not go get the best playwright William Shakespeare? And if you choose your distribution among a large number of criminals serving heavy sentences for the most heinous crimes, you can be sure that there will be enough time for rehearsals. In a Kentucky jail, a brave project like this one was undertaken with amazing results. This film shows how everything was done - the casting - the rehearsals - the set and costumes - and the final presentation of Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". It had not happened to me before, but there is an analogy between the decor of the room and the correctional prison. In the play, the shipwrecked characters are confined to an island without contact with the outside world. Life in prison is very similar to that. <br /> <br /> With a simple painted drop of a surrounding seascape, the characters in an assortment of the most enjoyable costumes bellowing their lines in front of an approving audience, may not be as Shakespeare intended, but with good heart and sincerity, of course. <br /> <br /> More interesting than the piece itself, it was the small cameos of each man behind his character. One inmate saw in the room a lesson in forgiveness, another a redemption from his sins. It was quite moving to see the men wiping a tear as they spoke of murder, shootings and strangulation. It was felt that they would all like to go back and reconsider their brutal actions. However (as someone said), the past was over and the present was the beginning of a new future. The play has at least temporarily relieved the depressing thoughts of past events. <br /> <br /> Prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to unfold. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and, hopefully, other prisons would follow their example. It seems to me that everyone will benefit not only from the Kentucky prison, but from the prisoners themselves, who need to regain self-confidence and self-esteem, and to be ready for the day they will be put into prison. on parole.
