Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad for American gay-themed movies. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other notable American films as deep and heartfelt as this movie, The Bubble. This film is centered on two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Israeli and a Palestinian. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, at the beginning of their relationships, will have trouble knowing who will call next, or who will say "I love you" first. Noam and Ashwar's first love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed checkpoints of security and racism. While Noam's friends accept and love Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most citizens of Tel Aviv probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most moving moments, and many in this film, is when Noam and Ashwar attend a production of "Bent". As moviegoers, we see them watching this piece and the effect it has on them is deeply captured by their eyes. And finally, this touching moment is played very sadly in the final of the film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are exceptional in the role of Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a compelling and interesting cover of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And although most movies currently have sex in them (almost like a sport), this one goes back to the old, tried-and-true version of sex, with love and passion combined. It's so refreshing. Also refreshing, two gay men are described as people and not as cartoons. There are caricature characters in this movie. It's just not the two gays that change. Somewhere on this site, I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Well not really. Yes, they are young characters who stumble in their first difficult steps in adulthood and their relationships. But I do not remember being "exploded" as a backdrop to the tasteless stories of "Friends." <br /> <br /> It's a very good movie. He has heart and broken heart. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in its unbroken glory of full bloom. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to watch.
