This film is a complete reconstruction of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army still present everywhere and Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is quite dark. We can imagine love in this huge pitfall without love. But the film goes several light years further by imagining that the two lovers are homosexual, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is forbidden in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities is therefore a conflict between two cultures, two ethical. But it could even be habitable if the war did not bring an extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is getting married to a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She can not accept it but agrees to talk about it later. Since the wedding, the newly married husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to organize a bomb attack. This is happening in a Tel Aviv cafe and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Pretty bad. The Israeli army sent a commando to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but the situation went badly and the newly married wife was shot in the street. The burial follows the marriage. The husband and widower are volunteers for a suicide bombing. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill some people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a dinner run by Noam's friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and blew his bomb when Noam hit him in the street. Vengeance brings the two lovers together in death. So we have the double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral figure who can impose peace, or worse yet, the prince seems to have chosen sides and being on the side of Israel. The game is completely wrong and death is certain on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is all the stronger because it is redoubled by a piece of the film, a piece showing love to Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. It's both striking and shocking: gay love at Auschwitz. What stands out from the film is that there, in Tel Aviv or Nablus, love is impossible. The film is therefore a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine that can only continue even if it has no reason to exist even if it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have let Britain deal with the area a long time ago. We must find a solution today in which no one will be humiliated. This will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and this discussion by preferring bilateral manipulations. Suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, because children are needed for the war to continue: let's procreate more and more little soldiers. But love is only an alien concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
