It's hard not to love the Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films that describe life in the Middle East and the problems inherent to homosexuals in these areas. In addition, he also gave the floor to the younger generations and the remarkable part of them, who really need peace and who no longer want to dwell on a war that has long marked the existence of peoples. , both in Israel and in Palestine. . In my opinion, these reasons are sufficient to consider Fox as a remarkable director, even when his feeling for melodrama is a little out of control. However, the fans of his films (which he made in collaboration with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer and also life companion) do not seem to be offended by this, since his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA -BUAH), the same success of previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", which takes place in present-day Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) instead of two young Shakespearian lovers, the film is actually quite different from that or, better, it's also something else. In fact, the title bubble is the world apart in which Noam, played by Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, regular at Fox), but Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi !, and his two roommates, a guy and a girl, have chosen to live. Thirty years, agitated, witty and firm (despite the protagonist who has just spent a period of national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to lead a life that will not be made only war. The two men are homosexuals and, with the girl, they created a trio in which they love each other fraternally. Their life is bound to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (television star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws in force so far in the group are neglected, but not the willingness to help a friend. Yet, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is illegal in Israel and, meanwhile, his family, who live in Palestine and do not know he is gay, is eager to settle his marriage with a very beautiful The daughter, who is a relative of the beloved future sister of Ashraf, who is also a terrorist, will have a heavy responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting, if not automatic, dualism) are stubborn and tragedy is inevitable. Although the film focuses on the obstacles facing Noam's relationship with Ashraf, it does not neglect the other characters that are well-written (for example, Golan, the boyfriend of Yelli, the co-tenant of Noam, presented as a living character, Boor, and then revealed as a softer and more open-minded person) and well executed (apart from the two main roles, we must not neglect the funny Zohar Liba and the beautiful Daniela Virtzer, the girl gang, and the star of LATE MARRIAGE, Lior Ashkenazi appears as himself in a cameo). It also mixes the dark tones with the bright ones, even if the director can not do without a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie over a month ago and, in the meantime, I often thought about it, proof that Fox and his friend had the gift of returning home.
