Since the advent of literature, unhappy love stories have fascinated people of all nationalities. Even more fascinating have always been the stories of an impossible love, of a love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli director Eytan Fox "The Bubble" talks about that. And that is not the case either. The film's title refers to the "bubble" in Tel Aviv in the context of Israel's political realities. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country has little to do with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank that also features in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and hateful atmosphere at Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, there does not seem to be much in common with what surrounds it. The "bubble" of Tel Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that does not differ much from what one would expect in any western city. Teenage girls looking for records from Britney Spears, a lifestyle magazine editor looking for a sexy cover for her next issue, trendy people sitting in trendy cafes discussing hot topics around cups of cappuccino and other drinks just as trendy, while at home, look at the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this "bubble" that also has the potential to relax one's mind in a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film focuses on the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and mostly try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the owner and manager of the trendy café "Orna & Ella", rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the shit around them. "Noam, a soft and accommodating employee of a record shop just before Garda also seems unwilling to engage in lengthy political discussions and reflections.Lulu, the only woman of the lot, is on the contrary bound to the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be limited to "raves against the Yelli and Noam naturally do not mind taking part.Lulu and his political friends make t-shirts with the rave logo, put up posters and distribute brochures advertising in the neighborhood. Their main concern seems to be that no Palestinian is really involved and that the police are likely to spoil everyone.They get closer to the confrontation, when they find themselves in front of people. They are not very friendly to Palestinians who try to prevent them from distributing leaflets. In other words, predictable products of the bubble? ". <br /> <br /> The first scenes of the film lead us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus, where we also find Noam doing his reserve work before entering Israel. , a group of Palestinians is under intense scrutiny, including a pregnant woman who gives birth suddenly and gives birth to a stillborn child despite the efforts of Noam and the doctor who finally arrives by ambulance.The woman is comforted by a young man who later shows up at Noam's door in Tel Aviv with his identity card that he obviously left during the test at the border, his name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and he is gay, and he did not come to return the identity card, he came to see Noam .. Without a residence permit in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of the roommates of Noam, he remains.He soon gets a name Jewish and a coffee job Yelli. Having grown up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic accent that allows him and his new friends to hide his identity. The sky is clear blue and the air is soft. But that can not last. Because he became part of an equation that was never supposed to be. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam and Ashraf look at a play called Bent, which tells the story of two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a romantic relationship. never become physical or visible to surrounding guards. They find a way of being together on another level, a metaphysics, a level that nobody else has access to. It is also where our couple comes to the end. And that could not have been very different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> "The bubble" is a political statement about the bubble bursting when confronted with the political reality of Israel the bottom of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, the impossible love story in a divided world where no compromise or color other than black and white exist. ?? The Bubble "is also a beautiful movie about people, gay and straight, living in this strange city, Tel Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who care about them.The premise of the film can have its flaws and the fatal Event chain may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you indifferent.
