The Israeli-Palestinian conflict persists and if the whole world is aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few people have any idea of ​​the other aspect of the division, namely the group of people who want peace and peace. strive to eradicate separation. Eytan Fox, in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), has created a much needed alternative perspective on schism, choosing to tell a story containing good humor, a lot of love and a foretaste of reality brutal. It is a window on a situation that calls for understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very "gay" young man who works in a popular café; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome shy boy who, in addition to his daily work at a music store, is a member of the National Guard and spends his free time as a guard at the city's checkpoints. . It was during one of those guard weekends that he met a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and aroused mutual appeal. The three friends decide to smuggle Ashraf (which they nicknamed under an Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam settle into a love affair, Yali engages Ashraf in his coffee, and both Yali and Lulu looking for love interests, too. All is well until Ashraf has to return home for his sister's wedding. Although in No Aviv, Ashraf may have been openly gay with Noam, life in Jerusalem is very different: Ashraf is told that he must marry his sister's future sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French journalists to gain access to Ashraf. In a moment of supposed isolation, Noam and Ashraf are discovered kissing by the bridegroom, and this act gives rise to blackmail for Ahraf to remain "in the closet". <br /> <br /> Young people in Tel Aviv dance at an event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence. An attack took place in Jerusalem - an attack that has serious consequences, not only immediately, but also in the mission of revenge to which Ashraf must now subscribe. The end is tragic on several levels and underlines the seriousness of the problem between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The acting is so natural that viewers believe it both from a comic point of view and from a tragic point of view. beautiful young people. History finds the right balance between serious and light, and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a good author / director. More people should watch this important and very good movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
