I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer and so I could see this amazing movie. A little warning before you start writing: I speak Hebrew fluently and the Hebrew games are not a problem; However, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic and I was not able to understand this subtitled part a bit. This did not stop me from understanding the film, but I missed some jokes that caused loud laughter at the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, many of which have enjoyed the best years for cinema and homosexual relations, something really special is needed to stand out from the others; Yet, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with its mix of excellent actors, spiritual dialogue and relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens with a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we do not know what kind of movie we met. Yet it is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. More importantly, Tel Aviv is a separate character in this film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The skyline and the development of the city are criticized quite severely, and finally the city evolves in parallel with the film. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with Tel. Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, which creates a sense of urgency rarely present in the cinema. The love is incredibly strong and is the centerpiece of the film. Side relationships and friendships are also strong: the relationship of the Yousef 'Joe' Sweid's Yelli restaurant owner with ultra-butch and reluctant soldier Golen (Zohar Liba) is particularly entertaining. The scenes of love that abound in this film are all exquisite and refined works of art. The cinematography is staggering: in the film's first love scene, the camera drops as a male person gives Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) oral sex and dissolves in a stroke of Noam and Ashraf. This cliché allows other viewers to realize that all these relationships are the very expression of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Giving more stories would be a tragedy, but be aware that there are many political tensions and tragedies affecting the current global political climate, so I will focus on spiritual dialogue. Even watching this movie in my second language, I could not help but laugh. Fun topics include the question of whether homosexual kamikazes receive virgin women or men in paradise, and a Sampson analogy of the Bible as the world's first kamikaze. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in the cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is only used in times when legitimate characters could or should listen to it, and in one scene, the music gets weaker when one character removes one earpiece and stops when he removes the other. Small things like this really elevate the film. <br /> <br /> I could not give more recommendations to a movie; It is a superb work of cinema both catharthic and extremely well conceived.
