This first opus of the personal magnum opus of Crispin Glover asks you to think a little, and therefore can not be recommended to a spectator who does not want to sit and divert the images of Glover or follow the incredible simplicity - but strangely obscured -. thread of his story. For the more casual viewer, yes, it will probably turn into a confusing hodgepodge of weird, surprising and disturbing images. <br /> <br /> You get the impression that this is not a problem for Glover, and he will listen almost as willingly to why someone hated the movie as why he liked it. Glover's innate infatuation with his work and the way the audience interprets it is strongly communicated, not only through the film itself, but also through the unusual question and answer sessions he organizes. frequently after projections; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The best way to interpret and reject the film is to call it Dada or Nihilist, a juvenile attack on the modern film industry of an actor who worked both without and with inside. But there's a reason why Glover runs his slide show before showing his movie, and it's not just about selling books; his books juxtapose and create a narrative from images and texts that Glover has assembled, and What Is It? do the same with images drawn from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an endearing and compelling film in a way that is barely expected while watching. Much has already been said about Glover's use of Down syndrome actors, which is one of the most striking aspects of the film. So shocking, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as a kind of major crusade aimed at giving a more realistic and / or dignified image of disabled people in movies and television - or, at the other end of the spectrum , as a kind of direct exploitation of disabled people. But that's not the case either, and that's perhaps what makes this movie so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is neither political nor hateful, but is looking beyond culture. dominant to make it a kind of foreign ugliness. It's not a film about Down's syndrome, but a film belonging to actors with Down's Syndrome. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is fully gung-ho when comes to ugliness and strangeness being portrayed so severely that he is handsome; luckily for me, that's about exactly how it's going? presents itself to the viewers. Glover uses the strange images of snails, death and people with disabilities, especially because he wants his audience to be uncomfortable either because of the sheer strangeness of the image or because of the visceral reaction faced with the screams of an anthropomorphized snail. In some ways, the strangely convincing (and sometimes downright grotesque) elements of What Is It? reminds me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon ?? he infamous popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably force viewers to cringe and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be opulent and humble, granular and polite, chaotic and well done ?? and the contradictions contribute to making the situation even more disconcerting. But this is still not a very serious film, and it largely succeeds in avoiding the biggest pitfalls of pretension by using humor that, for the most part, stems from use (and juxtaposition ) familiar articles, pictures and names of popular culture. And when is that? It's funny, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> Overall, what is it? is Glover's first impressive film as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film does not turn out to be a distraction that one would expect. Looking at it is like being an observer in the kind of dream that is not really good or bad, but just strange ?? and that leaves you a little dirty when you wake up. If this is the kind of art you like, what is it? is likely to exceed your expectations and are well worth the effort to catch him in the theater, with The Big Slide Show and Glover himself. Overall, this is an experience you will probably not forget anytime soon.
