What else can I say? The Americans totally hated it because the American cut was so bad, even if you could detect the underlying goodwill. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the American theatrical release (with the newly released version of the Blu-ray disc), it's faster and tighter than HK Cut, the background music has all been changed from dark and sinister music from HK to hip-hop music; and there were a lot of horrible scenes cut off. However, dubbing was a remarkable job as they were trying to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is that Hak Hap (Black Mask) was designed to be dark, sinister, disturbing and totally horrible. Unfortunately, the American version has only creamed the desired cream, which in turn has completely changed the tone of the film (the version of HK was ranked 18+) to become even more comical and amateurish. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original. Release of HK. This film is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the tide and the "matrix" era. The fighting scenes are totally awesome, even the camera work was a little "old school" among Hong Kong movies. However, the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu culture and pop. With all the leather, costumes and black decorations, this film features a bat superhero with a black mask against a banal gang of multinational super-soldiers led by a big heavy metal punk rock star. Yes, it sounds like a retarded child's imagination, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares featuring strangers who fight like bloody in a leather coat. In 2002, they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters in the movie and had a strong personality and an interesting friendship. And did I already mention François Yip? His round kick was totally cool, even cooler than the nasty leader because she did not use a stuntman for all fights. Did I mention that she was also smoking hot? Anyway, there are many things to love in the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film also suffered from a lot of problems. First of all, it's a mediocre scenario that gets its full potential, which means that this production team deserves a better scriptwriter. There are a lot of highlights in the 100 minutes, but they often felt torn and did not really make sense to the audience (the American version was even worse because all character developments had been interrupted). Anyway, you can not ask too much of an action movie inspired by comics. In addition, this film is completely inappropriate for children. I will not recommend it to you if you are under 20 years old. He is saturated with disturbing contents including blood, blood, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence, etc. With the style of the film, we can say that this dream is wet for fans of heavy metal music and action fans. (The American cut was softer, but if you want to see it, see HK's release for what it is.) 7/10. Status: Inspiring, Hidden, Undervalued, Adult.
