When released in 1999, The Straight Story was praised for being David Lynch's first film that ignored his usual themes of the macabre and the surreal. Based on a true story of a man and on his trip to visit his separate brother on a John Deere '66 lawn mower, at first glance it's a strange story to lead for Lynch. However, as the story unfolds, some of Lynch's distinctive patterns appear. <br /> <br /> Lynch's attention to the small American city and its people is still as present as in previous attempts such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most noticeable difference is that strangeness is scaled down. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has the notable merit of being one of the few real action movies that I can think of and which is rated G. Incredibly significant, this film is proof that beautiful and important family films can to be produced. <br /> <br /> The Straight Story was Lynch's first feature film, when he did not have a hand at handwriting. For many Lynch fans, it was a huge negative. Almost universally acclaimed, the only negative comment of James Brundage on filmcritic.com was about this criticism, namely that it was not a typical film Lynch. "Lynch struggles in the mold of a G-Rated story that is not his." Brundage claims that his protagonist Alvin Straight "quotes lines directly from Confucious". He argues that the story is weak and that the dialogue is even worse. Yet this is the only criticism many will read for the film. Even if it's true that it's not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I love too, The Straight Story has a different aspect of Lynch that is not terrible. If you are a fan of Lynch, it is very important to separate this aspect of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narration is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a real idea of ​​the protagonist's thoughts when he goes to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children and brother. But what is particularly significant is that there is no flashback, which only enhances the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as if you are watching a boat down a winding river and it's beautiful to watch. The natural landscapes of the United States are accentuated and, combined with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti, make me want to go to America. The performances are also excellent, each actor being credible in his roles and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and it was a pity he did not win. Anyway, this is probably the best swan song for an actor. <br /> <br /> Thus, although The Straight Story does not present any of Lynch's intricate narratives or dialogue about the brand, the film is a fascinating character study on aging and is highly recommended!
