Who would have thought that a film about a man who would drive a few hundred kilometers with his lawnmower to see his brother might be a good movie? I certainly do not have. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was wrong as much as I have not done so often, because it's one of the best and most honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Giving a short summary of "The Straight Story" is not very difficult. This is an old, stubborn man who rides his lawn mower and goes to another state to visit his brother when he learns that this man has had a severe stroke. It's already special about himself, but what makes him even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother for ten years because of a stupid argument. In the meantime, he has his share of bad luck and problems, but he also meets many people whose life he influences in one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. In spite of all the difficulties he has been pursuing for weeks without knowing if he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why some do not do it. like this movie and that's also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or things like that ... This movie has no flashy action scenes, it's As slow as the lawn mower the man continues, and no, you do not have to watch the soundtrack of the film either, because there is none. But why should you look then? Well, the simple answer is history. I have not often seen such a touching film with such a powerful story and the fact that it really comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - Disney studios (yes, the same studios that overwhelm us) sweet sugar absurdity) makes it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a few times when I watched them, probably because not seeing someone for many years because of an idiotic argument is far too realistic for me. <BR /> <br /> Some people will say that the story is very superficial, but I really do not agree with that. It may be because they only see this old man driving on his lawnmower and do not want to think about it anymore. If you look closely enough, you will understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he was wrong once, that only his pride prevented him from seeing his brother and that he wanted everyone to see him too. so that they do not make the same mistake. If it's not deep enough, how much should a story go for you then? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had everything. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American movie that shows something other than the rooftops of New York, Chicago or another big city), some very beautiful actors of Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very understandable way to tell despite the makes it a David Lynch movie. I know now that I was totally wrong in assuming that this movie would not be to my taste. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This film targeted my heart and hit the bull. I give him the 10/10 complete.
