Just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about royalty could go anywhere, Emily Blunt, a marvel of the lead role, Paul Bettany, offers us a moving and intelligent treat, anchored in strong and charismatic performances . Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as immediate forces contributing to the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" portrays the tumultuous transition of the young woman in power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen with a beautiful combination of brute force and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as a clever young woman who knows that she needs the support of key players and must be able to stand up to those who might now have her best interests at hand. <br /> <br /> Victoria faces an intrusion barrage on her way to the crown, and even as she takes command of her new position, she discovers that the path to self-sufficiency will depend on taking very important decisions and, of course, appropriate support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to love him and who is his soul mate. There is a surprising chemistry between the two performers and there is no doubt that the result will be decisive, but there is the figure of Bettany's prime minister, a man who brings to Victoria a wise and loving support. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supportive roles as two parties that could be questionable and exercise a considerable amount of power in the girl's education. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen could be enough to focus on the central character and a superb performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and of passion previous performances. Here, we give him the decisive role of his career, a historical figure of real life, who broke the rules and managed to govern for a very long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch might have needed in his later years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the foundation of her charitable work and future intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not a royal epic performance of the English ruling class. It is an intimate story of how human beings grow and whatever the special circumstances that surround them and shape them. In the end, the film is a beautiful entry into a year that has put a lot of emphasis on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and of course there is a good old-fashioned love story.
