Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the plump monarch who was a virtual loner for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, was in fact leading a life full of drama and intrigue in her youth. "Young Victoria" not only tells the romance of the young queen with her future husband, but also does a great job detailing the political machinations surrounding her accession to the throne. <br /> <br /> The Act I "assembly draws you right away." After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent, in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent finally met former army officer John Conroy, who had offered his controller's services to the widow and her baby, Conroy insisted that Victoria be raised in the excruciating "Kensington system", rules designed to prevent the future queen from having any contact with other children while growing up, and Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's room every day until she became queen. /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 Parliament passed the Regency Act, which provided that Victoria's mother would become regent (and therefore Guardian) in case Victoria would have ascended the throne while still a minor Meanwhile, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate prince and insisted that she sign the papers making Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. The strong will of Victoria would have nothing and refused to follow the evil plans of Conroy and his mother. The duchess did not like King William, for she considered him a buccaneer who did not respect the monarchy; the king felt the duchess disrespect his wife. As a result, the Duchess attempted to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In a disproportionate scene that seems to have occurred in history, the king blames the duchess at her birthday banquet, stating that her goal was to survive until Victoria reaches the age of 18, so that his mother does not become regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and passed away soon after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria took her mother's revenge for supporting Conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood so miserable. They were both banished to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace and for many years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> "Young Victoria" shows the excitement, the pomp and the circumstances surrounding Victoria's coronation as queen. Much of the film is about Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Prime Minister of the Whig Party, which is unfortunately portrayed in the film as much younger than it actually was. In the beginning, Melbourne wins the trust of the young queen and they become good friends. In the early years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as a progressive, but later loses respect for him as he turns out to be a typical politician, hiding his disdain for the masses he is supposed to defend. In reality, Melbourne was rather a father figure for Victoria, but the film suggests some sexual tensions between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced. and the queen must mandate Sir Robert Peel, of the conservative conservative party, as the new prime minister. The film tells the story of the "bedroom crisis", in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her ladies in the bedroom with wives of conservative politicians. The film leaves out another scandal involving a lady waiting for the duchess, Lady Hastings, accused of having an affair with John Conroy and becoming pregnant with him. Because of her hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributed to the bad rumors about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. In fact, Hastings seemed to be pregnant only if she actually had an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience was revealed during the bedroom crisis, but the film's scriptwriters ignore some of the most unpleasant aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie "Young Victoria" deals - of course - the romance between the Queen and Prince Albert. As the film clearly shows, Victoria made Albert wait, because she wanted to acclimatize to her duties as new sovereign. They spent a lot of time matching each other until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a lot of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the husband of the present queen. Although Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws of German origin. Both Albert and Philip have made a point of reforming the etiquette at the Court (Albert discovers that the servants are still preparing a table for King George III when he was dead for years!). Albert's struggle was the same for Philip: the husbands of the monarchs, they had to find something to do. Albert and Philip were both involved in various civic projects and proved that they did not have to live in the shadow of their ever-popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is an excellent scene towards the end of the film. where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she perceives as her "interference" in her business. Albert does not want a second "bedroom crisis", so he passes over his wife's head and organizes a compromise involving the ladies in Victoria's bedroom. Victoria barely speaks to Albert when the bullets of an assassin almost cut them both (in the film, Albert is killed by a bullet in the arm, but that never happened!). <br /> <br /> The film's performances are always excellent, especially directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The Young Victoria ends rather abruptly and the closing credits lean too much for hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But Victoria is still a captivating drama and a fascinating history lesson.
