At first, my wife forced me to attend because she is fascinated by the royal families of Britain and their history, and she will not go to the movies without me. Although the audience should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is incomparable. In many ways, this helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was the miserable, ungainly woman who is usually seen in photographs. She was a brilliant intelligent and, according to the story of her early years, a happy and cheerful young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you count only the number of children she gave birth to (9), they had to have a passionate relationship. All this is well confirmed in the film. To this end, the actors were well selected and Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend both played roles like Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is somewhat debatable, no prince having ever been. get shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one assassination attempt when they went out together, but no one was hit. I also found it curious that little has been done to develop the allegedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's reluctance to her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that there was an attempt to describe the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as an error of romanticism or at least likely to become so. It was already 50 years old when Victoria came to the throne and, while marriages between senior men and young women were commonplace at the time, the film portrays Melbourne as a dashing thirty and his Prince Albert rival. There were apparently rivals in Albert, but she could never get married, even slightly below her rank, and Albert was one of the few that would have been acceptable in any case. <br /> <br /> In summary, I've had worse moments at the movies and the points with my wife are not bad either.
