It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria to be defined as a historical figure according to her relationship with men. Shortly after ascending the throne, she passed under the influence of her prime minister, Lord Melbourne, to the point that she was nicknamed "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was nicknamed "The Widow in Windsor" and, years later, a long friendship with her Scottish son, John Brown, earned her the nickname "Mrs. Brown" . This is the price that women have paid in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" helps to clear things up, portraying the Queen as an intelligent and independent young woman, aware of the inequalities in her society and her court. Courts have always been hotbeds of jealousy, conspiracy and cons-conspiracy, naked ambition, and sometimes outright murder. Innocent at age 18, Victoria stepped onto her uncle's throne, initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne stands out in his style of old public school man with his finely chiseled cynicism and his gems of polite advice. It is therefore hardly surprising that the young queen marvels at him, and even perhaps a little in love, wonder that he ruthlessly exploits, establishing a line of demarcation between attempted seduction and sedition attempt while he forces his policy to defeat Victoria's best judgment. In the arena, straddling Prince Albert, on a mission of King Leopold of Belgium, concerned about the political rapprochement between Britain and the rest of Europe. At first a reluctant pretender, he quickly fell in love with the English queen and palliated the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed film, brilliantly marked and very sumptuous.I note that it has been criticized in some circles for this sumptuousness, as if a film on the English royalty of the nineteenth century should have shown the Empress and to India family living in rags in a dirty house of work ........ I do not think so. I must mention the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young princess Margaret's. Her role is obviously, and she has no trouble dominating the film despite the excellent performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Ms. Harriet. Walter, all infinitely more experienced. The music is appropriately royal and forms a coherent part of the whole film without being in any way invasive. The fact that Britan has prospered more under her two great queens, Elizabeth First and Victoria, than at any other time is an issue that feminists might want to say more, but I guess, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, they feel really stronger. uncomfortable.If you can understand why there could be a Ph.D. in her.
