Overall, I found the movie very enjoyable. I hate to use the word "nice", it's rather dry, but it's very beautiful to watch and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt are very strong. What I liked the most is that, despite the sparkling aesthetic of costumes and sets, all gilded and shiny, this aspect never dominated the heart of the film, which was good, with a strong writing (thank you Julian Fellowes: D); nothing too flamboyant or full of ostentation, that is to say, not sensationalist (when Victoria is dragged out of bed to be informed that she is now queen, well, you could not get a hand less glamorous crown). It was paced gently and each line of the film kept its promises. <br /> <br /> Undeniably, the incarnation of love between Victoria and Albert, although a little magical in the foreground, was actually a slow burning candle and Friend and Blunt did well to show to how well these two people were "perfectly" united even though their union was arranged at the beginning (my favorite was when they go home after the hunt and Victoria simply hugs her new husband from behind, so much said without words, that's what the movie is all about). Blunt also behaved well, she has a face that needs your attention and I can not not mention the costumes she wears - all just beautiful. If I were dull, I would have a hard time getting rid of it! The other members of the band all played well, Harriet Walter in the role of Queen Adelaide as a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only drawback I have is that it lacked a sense of urgency or an event that could have made the movie a little more exciting? (It was rather tame) I do not know, I wanted "something" that could have brought Victoria to draw strength and prove to her that it was worth a little more. When she and Albert quarreled, I loved it, I could have done away with more dramatic moments, even if it's just me. <br /> <br /> Finally, at the risk of seeming all patriotic, it has renewed a kind of pride and fear in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in such a young man . This may be partly because the capture of Victoria's young life in this film immediately matches what I wrote for one of my characters in "The Sword & The Scion," but it did highlight these feelings Those who follow my book, can you guess which character Victoria reflects so well?) That could have been partly due to the film showing how ridiculous the government was at the time when it did not seem to make fun of the poor and dispossessed of the nation, which, in turn, renews the appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this national domain. It gave the impression that the government was rather useless - nothing really changed, so I suppose. <br /> <br /> BLOG on movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
