What more can one say? I have not been so fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett came on the scene more than a decade ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt both play in Queens (which seems to be the reference for promising actresses), the roles are perfectly opposite. <br /> <br /> Simply, if you are looking for a great passion and a compelling drama. and Machiavellian plot, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or the realization was bad, but simply that the subject of the film did not lead a life too dramatic compared to other royal personalities like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henri V Henry II and Elainor of Acquaintane. They are people whose lives were made, like good soap operas, whose policies and decisions changed the course of British history and, in most cases, of world history. Victoria, on the other hand, ascended the throne without incident, she almost ruled a nation that soon became a world power because of industrialization and the rise of the navy. His state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians. young had a harmonious family life. The facts of his life are not the Sturm und Drag as powerful dramas are made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from the attempt to dramatize his abominable education and the machinations surrounding his throne, is the story of the only thing that was really shocking and surprising about his reign - a love story. Marriage celebrated for financial or political reasons is not necessarily a privileged place to seek a passion that shakes the world, but Victoria will always be remembered as a kind of conjugal fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. . Thus, the heart of the film is the emerging love of Victoria and his Prince Albert. I was very impressed by Rupert Friend's characterization of Albert, whom he describes as a kind, patient, rather serious and perhaps naive young man who seeks to "do the good of the world and help ". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic character on which to base a drama, but as this is not the purpose of the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines through the discreet but serious performance of Friend. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well ... Emily Blunt is sublime. One can not deny her beauty, but she is more than pretty to look at; his face is like bright silver because of his expressiveness. The slightest eyebrow arch, the glance or a slight crooked smile offers so much. Again, this is not a spectacular performance of heavy speeches and passionate advocacy, it is not that kind of film. But what Blunt does with the role is to show the character's simple humanity with subtle power. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joy of life that was mastered by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her conspiracy counselor / lover, Conroy, expressed in such simple things as Victoria trying to draw his dog. We see his joy and fascination during the first meeting with Albert because his eyes were continually attracted to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when we speak to Parliament about her Ascension. And my favorite scene in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful when she has to do what most women never have to do in their life - ask the man she loves to marry, such a ridiculous proposition. For those moments (and some would say now), Victoria bursts out laughing nervously even before she can say "marry me". Again, this is not a movie for expressions larger than life, but rather a study of the subtleties of a character and the enhancement of little things. <br /> <br /> So, overall, I think I think some aspects of the policy could be better explained and that very good actors were wasted with little to do and little development of character, namely Miranda Richardson. like the Duchess of Kent, and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film does not need to spend much time on these characters, but a little more exposure would have explained the political environment. I would have liked to see more fit between Victoria and Albert in married life, but maybe it's just my greed for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, do not consider this film as a historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between two characters who happen to be historical characters. I give this film a solid 7 for marvelous first-rate performances, brilliant costumes and landscapes, and Emily Blunt's magnificent Victoria. And anyone who still has a hint of romance, you'll be touched by the end of this movie. God Save the Queen.
