Have someone to hold by the hand every time you go up or down stairs? Have others taste your food before eating it? Face a mother mother? These are just some of the obstacles that young Victoria faces in this film (there are also various power struggles that are unfolding, as well as assassination attempts). Needless to say, this makes the viewing very fascinating and informative. <br /> <br /> I had never seen Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada (and almost nothing else). As she was in this film, she is once again the star. I was extremely impressed by her portrayal of young Victoria and I think she handled the role very well. She makes the transition from the young Victoria met at the beginning of the film to Queen Victoria and eventually becomes quite credible. Blunt is perfectly interpreted in the role, showing all sides (from the vulnerable to the strong, of the young Victoria who makes mistakes to the queen who takes control). We can not say enough about Emily Blunt in this role. She is - simply - exquisite, catching your eye every second where she is on the screen. It keeps you in the atmosphere until the final shooting of the film. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend is also well represented as Victoria's (and her future husband's) love interest, Prince Albert. The actors have a good chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship. They have their disagreements, but you can say that they are in love. Blunt and Friend are great in all the scenes they share and keep you interested in what's happening between Victoria and Albert. The other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is not a single bad performance in this movie. People less concentrated are also well represented, given the short screen time they have. Even Victoria's dog (a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is memorable and has an impact in the film. <br /> <br /> Even though the film tends to ignore more than a few aspects of Victoria's life - especially at the end. - and instead of telling us what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, what matters most is what we really see. This is, after all, a film about "The Young Victoria" (not "The Middle Age Victoria" nor "The Old Victoria"). This film has embellishments on the story, but it remains focused on its purpose: to tell us how the young princess came to power. <br /> <br /> The film is beautiful. , the costumes worn by Emily Blunt are visually stunning and the music only adds to the film without ever altering the film. It is exceptionally shot and, unlike many movies nowadays, this movie is actually a good one because it does not turn out so long that you lose interest or the feeling of being shot unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, what makes this movie so great is Emily Blunt. She is in great shape here, performing another great performance and raising this film above what it could have been, if another actress had been chosen to play this rather important / historical role. It is a high quality film, with excellent performances to see absolutely. If you enjoy a fascinating look at a woman who has played an extremely important role in history, it's a must.
