The cinematographic interests of the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), having seen in recent years the efforts of Keira Knightley's The Duchess, Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth films and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie's shots Portman on the sisters Boleyn The other girl Boleyn. Helen Mirren has interpreted the Queen during her reign, which was awarded during the reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the time of Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> Each of the films featured featured gorgeous actresses with gravitas (ok). , some may dispute Johansson) or were the flavor of their moment, and each film had a decisive moment in the heritage of its historical figure that it became obvious to put these events on the agenda, and that Elizabeth had some enough to cover two movies. As its title already indicates, The Young Victoria is a lighter version of the life of the young queen and, if you are looking for the definitive event or the basic political intrigue that haunt all the royal homes and their relationship with the painters. , selfish politicians, unfortunately there is nothing deep here. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film tells in very clear terms the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who is about to become the new It Girl ) when she was a child. , the problems she faced before the coronation, such as the eagerness of her mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her advisor, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), identify themselves as a common regent to his throne, as already foresaw the reigning king. William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the game of political power enters the scene with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), the waiting prime minister, who is trying to win the new queen's confidence, and subtly installs her own allies in positions within of the government. the palace. On the one hand, you would understand the need of a young and new queen to have people of trust in key positions, but on the other hand, do they really act in her or others' interest? <br /> <br /> Even this intriguing angle slips into his romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship is the essence of the second half of the film and almost all of the elements already included in the trailers. In both cases, they were educated under the influence of others and told exactly how to do it. Even their union may seem like a firm record of an alliance, unless the two lovers recognize their common need to establish their own bases and to do so with the help of the other. Instead of being pawns, there is this constant search for opportunities to escape the stifling and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a precious asset, and loyalty can also be exchanged for wanting to put order in the slate. <br /> <br /> However, all these themes become child's play through the narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there are so many fast advances here, especially the last few minutes full of inter-titles, that the audience is asking for more, and of course a space for another movie, which I suppose would probably not see. the day. but a television series could perhaps resume the film's response and come out with a mini-series or whatever. It is unfortunate that all efforts to guarantee costumes, sets and artistic direction are limited to a rather light film in terms of theme and brief mention of the problems, so that they do not really challenge the protagonists the overtaking of the opponent who defines the character. <br /> <br /> With its starry distribution, we could expect more, but we would like more instead. Recommended for those who are always curious about the kings and queens of the British monarchy, only to complement other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.
