Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in the running for the throne of England. Current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not doing well and may not live long. However, Vicky's mother-in-waiting, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson), and her aide, John (Mark Strong), want to force Victoria to sign papers declaring them "regents" until she is older, since she is only 20 years old. age. The young woman refuses, although John has slapped her. This is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. Yet when William dies shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a lot to do. First, she must surround herself with "good" counselors to govern wisely. She chooses the handsome Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although an older man, is mentioned as Vicky's suitor. Which brings us to the second major decision of the young queen. Earlier than ever, the young queen should choose her future companion, because it will bring stability to her life and to those of the kingdom, because an heir must appear in the years to come. Meanwhile, in Germany, relatives far from the British royal family are also preparing projects. The handsome Prince Albert (Ami Rupert), of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is urged by his father to woo the young English royal. Once arrived at the palace, he is struck and the feeling seems to be reciprocal. But, since he is a minor player on the royal alliance card, can he win his heart? It's a beautiful movie, made even better by a completely winning performance of Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful but it is her intelligent reading of the role that marks the strongest. Friend is also doing well, just like the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a disgusting role!) And the rest. In addition, the film is beautifully shot, costumed and set, making it a visual pleasure in every way. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of glare, because the film seems a little too simple and prosaic, sometimes with a slightly imaginative editing. However, this is only a minor argument in a globally very successful and beautiful film. In short, young and old should give young Victoria time. This is the most worthy film of the 2009 motion pictures.
