The reign of 63-year-old Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and well-known historical reigns in British history. On the one hand, its history lacks the theatricality of earlier kingship because of a change in social climate and attitudes, and on the other hand, its history is perpetuated because it is particularly human. Resuming the first years of her life, where the emerging romanticism between her and the German Prince Albert occupied a preponderant place, the director Jean-Marc Vallée, remained until recently in the shadow unknown of the industry, takes again here the history of Victoria and captures this human element. so vital for his legacy. This is an extremely humble story given its exuberant background, but yet it is in part what gives it a distinct advantage that distinguishes it from the usual tariff. <br /> <br /> Adopt a very direct and focused approach, centered on A brief period of about five years between her ascent and her marriage to Albert, The Young Victoria does what few period pieces of this nature offer. Rather than trying to stifle the whole life of such a figure in a stifling manner, Vallée chose instead to show one of the lesser known subtleties of Victoria's early years, which are easily neglected in favor of the more well-known praises of General public. The result is a feature that can annoy historians because of its relatively unconvincing side of facts, but never letting a document hinder the extraction of a fascinating story, the writer Julian Fellowes remains true to his reality and delivers a slightly romantic and convincing speech. representation. Vallée takes this and works, making sure to fully capitalize on these elements with sufficient restraint to maintain integrity both with respect to the story involved and the viewer's observation. <br /> <br /> A major role in the joy of watching The Young Victoria plays however simply in the production values ​​granted here that revive Britain Britain in the early nineteenth century with a vigorous realism so seldom achieved as strikingly by genre films. Be it the design of the costumes, the sets, the hairstyles, the lighting or the photography, the grandiose background inherent to the history of Victoria is accentuated without ever encumbering it. Indeed, while watching the interpretation of Vallée come to life, it is very difficult not to be aspired solely by the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there's the score of the movie that works a lot to advance the very elegant but personal tones that dominate the Fellowes script. Embedding Schubert and Strauss into Victoria and Albert's history is not only a landmark for characters to play, but also a fusion with elegance and a refrain that echoes the original work of composer Ilan Eshkeri. <However, despite all the poignant compositions, sumptuous sets and immaculate costumes that dot each scene, the most important factor here - and even in most period dramas - are the performances of the cast and how they help to bring the world in which they exist to life. Fortunately, The Young Victoria is fortunate to have an equally immaculate ensemble of young artists, young and old, doing a fantastic job. Between the sweet and budding romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of his advisors and others (the spearhead of a formidable Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), conflict and heat What is prevalent in the Fellowe scenario Everyone involved is fully aware, which prevents the film from being a plastic film "pleasant to look at but dark below", a case so common during these outings. <br /> <br /> In the end, it is difficult to criticize a job like the young Victoria. There is a touching human feeling and emotion in his perfectly rhythmic novel, as well as a historical significance that is a fascinating source of interest for enthusiastic spectators who are attentive to such details. Of course, the film world may not be stormed and its global presence lacks a certain meaning, which prevents it from becoming more than a poignant and restrained romantic epic drama. ; but in a sense that's what makes it nice. Vallée never seems to be looking for greatness, nor is he content to make a banal escape article for aficionados. The Young Victoria is somewhere in the middle of this gray terrain, intended to satisfy genre lovers and those a little more disappointed by the usual productions; beautiful, memorable, but above all human. <br /> <br /> - Report by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
