In addition to having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other distinctions. Aside from our current queen, she was the oldest British monarch and lived until she was 81 years old. She was also the youngest British monarch (as opposed to English or Scottish), to ascend the throne at the age of eighteen. And yet, whenever television or movies make a program or film about her, they seem much more interested in old Victoria than in the girl; the version of Victoria with which the modern public will probably be the most familiar is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "The Young Victoria" tries to restore balance by showing us the events that surrounded his accession and the first years of his reign. He has the rare distinction of being produced by an old royal woman, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter, Princess Beatrice, makes a brief appearance. <br /> <br /> The plot has three main parts. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular character, even with her own daughter, largely because of the influence of her advisor, Sir John Conroy, who would have been her lover. (According to an unfounded rumor, he was Victoria's natural father, and not the late Duke of Kent). The second part concerns the growing love between Victoria and her German cousin, Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was their uncle, to influence this love. (Leopold hoped to increase the prestige of the house of Saxe-Cobourg, to which he belonged, as well as Albert). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Bedchamber crisis of 1839, in which supporters of the conservative party (which had traditionally supported a strong monarchy) went wild because the young Queen was seen as supportive of the Whig party and its leader, Lord Melbourne, although the Whigs had always supported a quasi-republican system of government, the monarch was reduced to a figurehead. <br /> <br /> The writer Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and I sometimes wondered if he may have changed his treatment of political issues, because he seems to be leaning towards the conservative, predecessors of the modern conservative party . Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a statesman and dignified, while Melbourne, despite its momentum and charm, is insidious and indifferent to social reform. These characterizations may be true, but Fellowes fails to point out that a few years ago, the Conservatives had opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of rotten neighborhoods, and had benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal. of William IV. a whig administration. <br /> <br /> The lessons of dynastic and constitutional history are not always well transmitted to the screen of cinema, and this one contains its lot of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured when Edward Oxford attempted to assassinate Victoria, and Melbourne (in his late fifties when Victoria was first elected) was not as young as Paul Bettany describes it here. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he went so far as to accuse him of insults at a state banquet, as shown right here. I also failed to understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy are trying to force Victoria to sign an "order of regency"; The Regency Act of 1830 made clear the constitutional position of the Duchess, who foresaw that she would become regent if her daughter was still under eighteen at the time of her accession. No sheet of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the provisions of the law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional problems. In one of the first scenes, Victoria and Albert play chess while comparing to pieces moved on a chessboard. This metaphor is so commonplace that the whole scene should have been played with a "Danger! A major shot to come!" Warning. Yet, despite such scenes, I came to enjoy the film. There were good performances, including Miranda Richardson as the duchess accomplice and Mark Strong in Conroy. It is visually very attractive because it was shot in a sumptuous style that we associate with the British historical drama. As king William, Jim Broadbent takes a fun ride, even if he sometimes succumbs to the temptation to outbid. (Although not as disastrous as it was in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> However, the main reason for the film's success lies in the interpretations of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her charming portrait, the queen is no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, the black widow of Windsor who has never been amused, but determined and determined . and loving young woman. His love for Albert and their happy family life is one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to recover in the affections of the British people. (With the exception of George III, the Hanoverian ancestors of Victoria were notoriously lacking marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a touching romance and a gripping human drama, as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
