The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's imposing four-and-a-half-hour poem in Siberia should not begin right away, as she has to reserve a place for herself, as she takes her time during the diverted exploration of childhood memories. half-memorized in a twentieth-century Backwoods village turnaround, yet the film continues to grow with emotional resonance, even though the sounds and images that compose it are imbued with the simple association of their subjects with the quality of unfailing and indefatigable dignity that characterizes the Soviet labor spirit. . Konchalovsky celebrates the Soviet community, but in an almost revisionist way, as in Soya Cuba and Invincible, the climate becomes dark and reflective. The news of the revolution reaches the Siberian village isolated by the vineyard. The fruits of his labor reach him only when a world war calls young men to enlist. Through all this, Konchalovksy focuses on the individual, with care and affection to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who waited six years after the war for the bride who had never returned, waited long enough to become a waitress. in a boat with velvet sofas and that she left years later to return to her village to take care of an aging uncle who killed the father of the fiancée with an ax, the irreverent madness of the fiancée who came back from the war, a hero also 20 years later, he did not come back for the sake of the girl he left, but to get oil for the motherland, the despair and the resignation of the head of the middle-aged regional party who returns to his small Siberian village for the sole purpose of erasing it from the map to build a power station. The film follows from decade to decade, from the nineties to the eighties, with incredible news footage tracing Soviet history from revolution to war famine and the titanic technological exploits of an empire (images Fantastic here, all kinetic violence and skewed angles as well as narrow and glittering shots of crowds and faces), but the film itself focuses on the individual, on triumphs and foolishness, big and small. In the second half, a feeling of sour-sweet fatalism infiltrates; broken lives that never reached their full fulfillment, stifling with regret and aspiration. "It does not matter", seems to say the world, to which Konchalovksy answers "it must count", because the protagonists continue to try to buy back. <br /> <br /> Yet behind this saga "man against the landscape" "Something seems to glide, dark, almost unfathomable, like the hermit of the Old Eternal Man who appears in each segment to guide or repudiate the protagonists, sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic sage; a little behind and above all other simple and logical ultimatums, incomprehensible and logical, challenges and affirmations of human characters, something invisible seems to be hiding. Ghosts of fathers appearing in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a shining star in the night, a curious bear, even the Old Eternal Man himself; Konchalovksy calls for respect and reverence before a mystical country of another order. In her treatment of a small remote community struggling against progress and time and nature, as well as the way she learns to deal with them, both bizarre, tragic and tragic, and in the way the director does not allow never to cynicism to ignore its humanism, it reminds. me from The deep desires of the gods of Shohei Imamura. When, in a dream scene, Alexei tears between the planks of a door stuck with a Stalin propaganda poster to reach his (deceased) father as he disappears into the fog, the film reveals the treachery of Soviet dream. or, better still, in all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal became more explicit in the burning denouement of the film. The astonishing, elegiac and dark visuals with a raw naturalist edge help seal the deal. At the end of it, an oil starts flaming and the film bursts into a real explosion of cinema.
