This film seems to have been conceived as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - the plot scheme, the dance numbers, the catchy music and the complete formula are there ... except for Ginger! It is uncertain whether this was REALLY originally designed as a team match, but it surely looks like one of those movies. In the place of Fred's usual henchmen (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably since they were known as a team of comedians, they COULD sing well and dance. It really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of Fred and Ginger's traditional numbers were made with Fred and Gracie or both with George. Madame Fontaine danced once at the end with Fred, but it's very brief and with a distant photo. <br /> <br /> And speaking of Burns and Allen, I think that I owe it to the team to talk about it in the movie. I have never been a fan of their series or their movies. In general, I find Gracie's idiotic behavior very annoying and I gave bad reviews to their shorts and their feature films. However, in this movie, I have to admit that they were great - not just dancing proficiently, but I thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very well. They were in top shape and the writers did a great job in this department. <br /> <br /> For the rest of the film, everything is fun and entertaining. The problem for me, though, was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film - not only because she was acting outside her realm (after all, she was neither singer nor dancer), but because screen presence of a teddy plush. As a result, the usual balance and the good boy-girl dialogue were lacking. There was also a very charming performance of Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe, but it's so much fun to watch! Overall, I loved the movie - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, the film also contained a bland performance by Ms. Fontaine that scored a point: bring back my rating for this movie to 7.
