Soon, the Americans would invade a dark and damaged England that was preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937, the portrait of Americans in the English countryside sunny and slightly ridiculous was an idyllic and attractive diversion. Jerry Halliday (Astaire), American dance star, on a European tour and tired of screaming female crowds generated by the devious propaganda of his manager (Burns), is involuntarily caught up by the conjugal perspectives of the frustrated heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine )). The story is complicated by a pool of wagering among the servants of Marshmorton who is run (and adjusted for) butler Keggs (Gardiner), who bets on Lady Alice's cousin, Reggie (Noble), aunt's favorite dominant of Alice, the stifling and dominant of Alice (Collier). The story would have been much better in the form of a half-hour TV episode. Wodehouse's usual devices of misleading mistaken identity and erroneous conclusions lose their effectiveness in a feature film. Alice and Jerry both seem impossible (and boring) at the end of the film. The interlude of the amusement park and the highlight in the castle are too long and begin to drag. Fountain is too beautiful, too dignified and too calm to be a so-called blond blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while young valet Albert (Watson) is terribly awful. But while "Damsel" is a pretty tiny vehicle for so much talent, talent does not let us down. Astaire's romantic comedy talent is no less pleasant here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, solo and with Burns & Allen, are up to par, although his only dance with the Basque novice Joan is necessarily tamed. Gracie steals almost the entire show as George's bubbly secretary who is at once airy, connivance and coldly confident. His scene with character actor Gardiner in the role of the sneaky snob Keggs is a unique classic of its kind. This & Astaire's priceless scene with madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a delightful color to naïve but noble Americans mingling with noble but witty Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Beautiful Work If You Can Get It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carry the film through its weak spots. And is there another movie where madrigals receive a Gershwin swing treatment? "Demoiselle" is more than an anecdote for those who would like to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she is a real star. It is a diversion as entertaining as all the vaudevillian musicals that reigned in the 30s but will never happen again.
