In a famous essay on Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not I did not want to write funny episodic novels for the rest of his career. It would not have been too difficult for Dickens. This is precisely what his contemporary Robert Surtees did, focusing only on the mishaps of the game of fox hunting (Mr. FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has more, but most people find his novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny man (and remember that his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a fun book). The third book of Dickens is OLIVER TWIST (who had very dark points). Orwell says that for an author to grow, he must change the style of his books. Dickens would definitely (successfully) accept that. <br /> <br /> But Orwell has neglected the genre writer who transcends his fellow men. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But Father Wodehouse considered himself an artist, making fun of the upper layers of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth is more proud of raising the best pig in England than being ... well count of Emsworth! His psalm is always ready to counterattack when he is supposed to be subject to an unjust superior. His Uckridge Stanley will always have a "perfect" pattern that should yield a huge profit (but still manages to undo in the end). And best of all, his Jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to work to rescue the incompetent Bertie Wooster, his boss. Ever since Wodehouse had a limited view of his mission as a writer - he was there to make fun cartoons for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their luster. They have served (and still serve) their goals. In fact, compared Wodehouse to his much more serious contemporary, Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote fun books, but of a more intellectual type. The best of Waugh remains one of the pinnacles of twentieth century British literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL and the others. But in his determination to argue his arguments, if the arguments did not interest the reader, the book often collapsed. He had some late failures in his career for every VILE body like GILBERT PINFOLD'S ORDÉAL. Although Wodehouse can also do less arduous work, its fall did not go as far as Waugh's. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (when you hear "Bill" in the SHOWBOAT score, The Kern and Hammerstein chord, but that of Kern and Wodehouse transposed from "Oh Lady, Lady" a dozen years ago). He was also a practical playwright. So it's nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into a screenplay here. <br /> <br /> He has the normal keys of Wodehouse. This perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a magnificent performance) is a scoundrel faking a game of chance "friendly" between the staff of the majestic house he runs. In addition, he is sometimes unable to prevent the Italian opera from singing, despite Constance Collier's attempts to control his impulse. This is the typical characterization of Wodehouse. The relationship between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues to deteriorate well due to the antics of Keggs and young Albert, both want to win the pot of chance. Wodehouse always performs this type of plot switching, with antagonists changing their point of view based on their current state. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse also had the chance to work with Burns and Allan. It is generally considered that of all the films they have made as supportive actors (such as SIX OF A KIND and WE'RE DRESSING), George and Gracie have best supported Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is wonderful, as is the previous sequence in which all three interpret a whip-broom (which Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how she manages to confuse him by giving him more money than she deserves to be paid for - only Albert notices Keggs' mistake / Gardiner and look at Gardiner as if he is stupid or crazy). His dialogue with Reggie (Ray Noble, the leader of the British band), the son of Lady Caroline (Collier), gives him the imagination to marry her, but it's also wonderful to say goodbye to Gracie as she leaves George with her husband. The film would have failed at the box office because of the lack of Ginger Rogers and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fountain does not do a remarkable job in the role, but the fault is really that of Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting. But the film can be left without it, given the other performers and their characters, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of fun.
