Before Zavet, there was a similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and that of Kusturica. They find their own poetic style, then become cowardly prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica to Miki Manojlovic and, in one way or another, they have received praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who find the joke fun only when they first heard it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst films are 'Black Cat White Cat' and 'Life is a miracle'. Zavet is something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but it's NOT another poetic Kusturica ?? Balkan dreamlike stuff. Of course, if you want to be congratulated, you must play safety. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another film flying with gypsies and get a prize. Fortunately, as a brave, he chooses to make an ironic film compared to his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and harsh parody on Kusturica's previous films made by Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a great director not taking himself too seriously. It is a quality that Kusturica possesses and that even the greatest, like Bergman or Kubrick, do not have. This film is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep and so funny that it becomes hilarious. The same things that make "Plan 9 of Outer Space" cult would make this masterpiece people who know how to look at it. The average Western viewer would not have very few references. The owner of the most notable tire shop is Srbljanovic. This is Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian drama writer. On the political front, she is very active as a left-liberal and she despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's job was to "castrate Miki Manojlovic in the Srbljanovic shop". The second reference is made to Goran Bregovic ?? previous composer of Kusturica. He formed the group 'Funeral and Wedding Orchestra' and started performing in Europe. Although he is considered a great composer, Bregovic is only an interpreter and most of his songs (if not all) are bad covers of traditional Serbian songs. The capture of Kusturica on Bregovic consisted of confronting a wedding and a burial, the funeral mocking the marriage. In addition, the music covers Western classics like "London Bridge is falling" or French lullabies. Do not you think it's funny? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to Bregovic's horrible blankets. I really liked this film because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so full of symbols that it becomes parodic and it is beautifully realized, as are all its works. If you like previous Kusturica movies, chances are you hate it. If you do not like some of his latest films, you might find it pleasant as a surprise, as it's as if Fellini staged "Pink Flamingos". On purpose. I have a lot of respect for this guy after Zavet. Tim Burton's next film would surely have a pale-faced main character. The following Kusturica films can easily be about extraterrestrials invading the Earth. That's why he's the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
