Kabei: Our mother (2008) is a sublime and poetic Japanese beauty. A real weeper! I had heard good reviews for the movie and I had rented it at Netflix. Am I glad I did it! In many ways, this film reminded me of the traditional style of classic Japanese cinema of the 1940s and 1950s that I loved so much, as in the images of Yasujiro Ozu - the title credits even begin in the same way. , with the Japanese letters (characters) in red against neutral material in burlap. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mainly indoor trays with only a few outdoor scenes. Even some "pillow", as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film lies in the reciprocal love of the characters. <br /> <br /> The story tells the story of a Japanese family before and during and after the Second World War. The mother takes care of her growing daughters as best she can after the father (a university professor) is arrested for sympathies against the war. He has never been released and has only brief meetings with his wife in prison before he dies of hunger and illness. Meanwhile, a former student of the teacher often comes to help care for the mother and two daughters. He begins to fall in love with the mother and replaces the two girls. But the war begins and he is mobilized and they must say a brutal goodbye. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much sweetness in the interpretation of the lead actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She is almost a Madonna type, she is so beautiful! Great soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensible performance. There is no macho in him at all; he is sweet and kind. I would definitely love to see these two movies in other movies. I think I will check what is available to them. The two little actresses are also fantastic. <br /> <br /> The film has just been released on NTSC DVD for the American public, with English subtitles very easy to read. I gave him a 10 out of 10 on the IMDb. I cried almost as much as I did with the classic Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
