A film of exceptional brilliance and a poignant and unusual love story, the Luzhin Defense traces the intense attraction that exists between an eccentric genius and a woman of beauty, depth and character exceptional. <br /> The best role so far (thank god, they did not give it to Ralph Fiennes, who allegedly murdered him.) Similarly, Emily Watson shows the richness of her experience (from her exceptional background on the scene). To reach the tortured chess master (Turturro), his character must show intelligence and feminine love. Watson does not describe sexuality as a beauty contest, but she has a seductive self-awareness. <br /> <br /> During a chance encounter between Natalia (Watson) and Luzhin, she prevents him from losing by chance a chess piece that has fallen into a hole in his garment - a specially designed piece that, we will realize it later in the film, has come to symbolize his hopes and aspirations. Later, as their love story develops, she subtly compares dance to chess (Luzhin learned to dance but never with a partner); she encourages her to lead her with "daring and brilliant moves" and thus allows her to relax enough to play later as best she can (and to realize herself as her lover). <br /> <br /> This is a story of a woman who inspires a man to his greatest achievement and who, in doing so, finds his deepest development, emotionally and intellectually (so we are led to believe - for sure, Natalia is a liberated woman rather than someone who is preparing to be a wife and a stereotypical mother). <br /> <br /> The Italian sets are stunning. The complexity of the characters and the skill with which the dialogue develops them are a delight for the intelligent viewer, but the film is sufficiently accessible to make it a popular hit, and rightly so. Failures are only the photogenic backdrop for developing an emotional and emotional film, although the game is treated with enough respect to almost convince a chess player of the characters' existence. Although it is a tragedy of remarkable height for a classical author, the final outcome is surprisingly edifying.
