My introduction to the film world of Yoji Yamada goes through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy with The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I had enjoyed all three films and, looking at the prolific filmography of the veteran director, I think I will need a lot of time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when our mother Kabei finally reached our shores, I jumped at the opportunity to look at what would be an ode to mothers everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> According to Teruyo Nogami's autobiography, Kabei - Our mother tells the story of a very close family of four people ?? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), her eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and her youngest child, Teru (Miku Sato). From the beginning, their lives would be changed forever, when Shigeru would be arrested under the Peace Preservation Act for his morally controversial writings against the nation, established in the late 1930s, when Japan had launched its "crusade" in China, then their participation in the Second World War. <br /> <br /> Kabei's struggle to feed her family begins as well as the frequent and difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru, since Kabei's father had adopted the attitude of "I told you so" with his choice of wife. Yama, a former student of Shigeru (street art lovers must recognize Tadanobu Asano here) provides laughter as a gruff man who slowly becomes the surrogate and surrogate guardian of children, and Kabei's sister-in-law, Hisako (Rei Dan) of Hiroshima, who I think would have sounded a little recoil reminds us of his unfortunate fate as the film advances in its calendar. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses primarily on how children grow up in the presence of their mother and in a distant relationship with their father, what I liked is how the kids Microscopic family events unfold under global macroscopic events that impacted the people of the Japanese people. This fits into the historical context of Japan's push for regional domination, and some of the characters here do not mask these ambitions, even discussing what the country would eventually do if it managed to conserve its conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being as straightforward in their discussion of this time, and also to get a glimpse of how the common man has to struggle against national problems made even more difficult by the resources devoted to the war effort. <br /> <br /> The actresses presented here are perfectly adapted to their roles and roles, be they veterans or children actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as a mother figure who has to dig deep and find that inner strength to lead the household under difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are adorable as intelligent children who must to learn to be made and compromised. Each scene bringing the three together is just heartbreaking when the situation becomes difficult or fills your heart with joy as it celebrates. Soon, you will soon be attracted by the desire to be part of this family, thanks to the powerful performance of the main distribution, with Yoji Yamada who encourages children to play quite natural performances. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother can boast a surprisingly beautiful artistic direction and is elegant in her way of presenting happy and sad moments without going beyond, nor counting on a melodrama cheap to minimize the emotions he seeks from the public. There are a lot of little things done right here that make it perfect, with every scene not spoiled, and with every nuance of meaning to convey its message, be it compassion or love. <br /> <br /> In addition to the very abrupt end (I had hoped that it could have lasted much longer, despite more than 2 hours of autonomy), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended, and you'll have hard to hold back your tears, or that thought about your own mother and her sacrifices, she does for you every day. What are these sacrifices in case you need another reminder, the ending credits scene will remind you of what you probably would have taken for granted.
