"I hate these stories that start with funerals, but I'm afraid this one starts the day we buried George, it's not that we buried him." In the interest of the environment we cremated him. " So speaks Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow. She led a comfortable and predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12 year old grandchild. But at the age of 15 and at school, in the middle of the Second World War, she played sax at night in a group entirely composed of girls (almost exclusively) called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming thug who had no desire to fight and who was at risk of being killed. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick was almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her house playing the sax that she has tidied up. She used to practice, but only when George came out of the house on the golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed by the quality of Elizabeth, begins to tell how the Blonde Bombshells could be reunited and play the dance of her school. Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), as old as Elizabeth and as old as many attracted by her as it was more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all the other members of the Bombshells.) The roses on his bass drum had a special meaning that showed his affection.) Not see if the other members of the group can be located, and why not give is it a blow for a meeting show at his granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the group is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. We found salvation with the Salvation Army. One they can not find any trace of. The latter is known to be in the United States. One is a professional singer and does not intend to do a school concert, even for a meeting. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick gather the surviving members of the Bombshells. We do not know if we can find enough. Rehearsals are often disastrous. As they do this, we share Elizabeth's flashbacks on what life was like when she and Patrick were young in a wartime London, playing in the group as the bombs fell. As terrible as it may be, it was the most exciting time of their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's granddaughter's dance arrives, of course, the blond bombs, full of trembling and renewed friendship, take away the youngest. Afterwards, Elizabeth informs us that the Bombshells continue to play concerts and that she and Patrick do not intend to get married ... but see nothing wrong with going astray a little. <br /> <br /> It's sentimental hogwash, done brilliantly and not bad at all. What makes it work are the skills and the charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "warm comedy," I usually feel unless the actors are first rate. Dench and Holm are wonders to watch because they take something as light and predictable as this script and turn it into something that charms us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit that is fun if you remember the old ones. Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine are among the blond bombs. Wool sings three figures and over-balances production. She is so strong and so unique in jazz talent that, as she sings, the program becomes almost the Cleo Laine Show. Another interesting feature is the number of great songs of the Second World War played at a high rate.
