To the great sorrow of her adult children and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth's (Dame Judy Dench) husband, the widow, tenor saxophone of the attic, is determined to return to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to play saxophone in the attic. While she is more and more happy to play in the open air, Elizabeth walks behind the scenes of memory, remembering her teenage 15-year-old swing jazz band, "The Blonde Bombshells": saying a group of talented girls from the Second World War. swing jazz musicians. One of the members of the "Blonde Bombshells" group was a drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained a friend. <br /> <br /> The grandfather of Patrick and Elizabeth, 12 years old, has daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to gather the old members of the group and start playing together again; this time as a group of sixties. Among the members of the group she finds, there is the bassist (still foxy!), Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpet playing, an alcoholic divorced and badly spoken, a money-scrapper, who lives from the wealth of her numerous (ex) marriages in a Scottish castle of Craigievar; Gwen (Clio Laine, famous American jazz singer), with the main voice; Annie (June Whitfield), Trombone Player of the Salvation Army; Betty, (late pianist Joan Sims), who learned the ivory keys in a Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick and Joanna explore the world in search of members of the 1940s group and try to convince them to play together again, Elizabeth is often underhand because she learns more than she does not want to know more about their adult life - including his own - while having fun playing great music with the latest "Blonde Bombshells" still alive. <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental and multigenerational entertainment. The actors offer superb performances. Whatever their age, it's always Bombshell artists who offer a whole show. (The DVD is now out and worth buying because of the bonuses and Dolby Digital sound). Surely as a fan of one of these great actors, the VHS is a collector's item.
