One of the most brilliant American directors is undeniably Elia Kazan. His directional genius was not particularly suited to tense thrillers, as Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and more subtle. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a social thriller of the first order. It is even more relevant today than it was until 1950, when it was published. The themes of illegal immigrants, human trafficking, impending epidemics, rapid transmission of diseases worldwide (Richard Widmark, worried, said: "I could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow. "), Ethnic isolation and ghettism are the concerns of today more than ever. This film presents a spectacular debut at Jack Palance's cinema and a superb performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two brilliant shots from the cast. Richard Widmark is allowed to not be a psychopath for once, and is a deeply caring, affectionate and loving people's hero. He is essentially leading a one-man campaign to end an epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans, striving to convince lazy politicians and compliant policemen that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the scammers who contracted the plague of a dead immigrant who died within 48 hours, before the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is threatened with the worst since the Influenza of 1919. An astonishing scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a ship by an anti-rat barrier on the rope is ironic to the extreme, reminding us in the most abominable terms that human beings can be the worst carriers and vermin of all. The extremely dramatic pursuit scenes in what they call the "coffee factory" on the docks compete with Hitchcock's most inventive climax scenes and offer an equally spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the scathing realism of reality. Kazan really takes the cameras in places where even people rarely go and where even the rats would think twice. This film was a major feat of social realism. If it lacks the electricity of the most charged thrillers, it's because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not say it, because after all, the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anyone without the need additional weapons. . The only misfortune of the film is the title which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly saw this project as a public duty, to warn us of real possibilities. If only these possibilities had diminished today, but alas, they are getting worse day by day. One day, after a global scourge, this film can be shown to some survivors as an example of how an epidemic has been contained in a film, but its lessons have been forgotten.
