A small pleasure in life is to stroll through the old movie alley at the rental store and choose things simply because I have not seen them. A great pleasure is sometimes to go home with this movie and find a little treasure like this one that is played on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan becomes a brand producing only remarkable films (not good), it does this better than the average drama. As you look at it, you begin to notice how many decent, good, or well-watched scenes have accumulated. Compare this with his latest movies where the drama is written great ... preferably large, discreet and outrageous. Kazan was ultimately more of a calculator than a director. (No thanks) <br /> <br /> His future excesses are only mentioned in the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark playing the role of a father in 1951 and avoiding most of the excesses of this trope; here is a beautiful Barabra Geddes almost observable, with his bathos folded (well, for her); They are a couple and share well-written scenes about big and small crises. Here's a humorous interrogation run with a talkative crew; here is a beautiful moment as the hunt begins in an angular warehouse and a flock of birds pulls over the head, punctuating the moment. These are the small-scale success that a film can offer in which a spectator can truly recognize life; Something that Hollywood, in its greed, now avoids studiously. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy. It's a friendly, human-sized film, and not the grotesque and oversized production that he and others (David Lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still as disastrous as that of Pirates of the Caribbean and the Red Mill. <br /> <I've watched it twice and I'll be damned if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but that does not seem so important to me as a spectator. It reminds me of both No Way Out a black Poitier with Widmark as the villain and Naked City, on which you should really get your hands.
