"Panic in the Streets (1950)" owes more to the British black than his American counterparts. Like Reed's "The Third Man (1949)" and "Night and the City (1950)", director Elia Kazan chose to shoot largely on the scene, capturing the fresh and vibrant slums of New Orleans. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, giving an air of authenticity to the urban landscape. However, any subsequent comparison with neorealism would be wrong, because "Panic in the Streets" is pure melodrama, of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant out of the fishing bay is infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly mutation of bubonic plague transmitted by air, which is transmitted from person to person and has a mortality rate close to 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an officer of the US Public Health Service, convinced the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to conduct a manhunt throughout the city in search of those responsible for the homicide for fear that they are also infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my youth, I found Wolfgang Petersen's film "Outbreak (1995)" among the most horrible films I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes a lot to "Panic in the Streets" (tentative title: "Outbreak"), terrified me so effectively because it described the Ebola virus as both an invisible and invincible killer. how to defend against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (to my knowledge) to address the subject of biological epidemics, although it is difficult to attribute visual recognition to an enemy that is fundamentally undetectable to the human eye; rather, he uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the plague. Despite his adventures among the dirty taints of human society, you never get the impression that Clinton Reed puts his life in danger {some viewers have noted that Reed had never vaccinated against the plague, although I think he did it at the same time as the morgue staff. Nevertheless, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the killers of the infected man, underground street rats that pollute the sewers with their misdeeds. <br /> <br /> In medieval times, when the bubonic plague black plague sweeping the civilized world, killing a third of the European population, many have called destruction the devil's work . Jack Palance's character, Blackie, effectively plays the role of Satan in human form: the thug with its jawbone can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but he is always in danger of exploding into fits of violence; his two thugs (incarnated by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through terror more than anything else, crawl constantly at his feet. When a lackey falls feverish, Blackie deduces that the immigrant cousin of the man must have "brought something with him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed) and thus tries to determine what must be this precious presumed object . He hugs the dying poldi in his arms, a grotesque demonstration of false affection, at once pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan is finally arrested ?? not by the authorities, but by the burden of his own infection / harm? while attempting to board a freighter, the main ship through which the plague spread across Europe.
