When the movie starts, two thugs kill another thug. When the body is discovered and about to be autopsied, the doctor realizes that, although the man was shot, he also suffered from pneumonic plague - a very nasty and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! It is therefore a race against time to find those who have come into contact with the deceased and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could break out. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, I know pneumonic plague quite well, as I taught a series of lectures for my history classes. The film did not really manage to fully understand the disease because it did not look much like what people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950, they really would not have been allowed to show it. Of course, there is a high fever and cough (they understand it), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting of black blood - as well as enormously swollen lymph nodes like bubonic plague - all purely and grossly! I can certainly understand why they did not go that far. In addition, I am convinced that the federal government would have been much more involved in the control and treatment of the disease. In the film, the film was treated on a very local level and everyone seemed unprepared and a little silly. Nobody seemed to want to believe the doctors !! As far as acting is concerned, the film had some great actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are respectively a public health doctor and a police chief. Good actors but also actors known in 1950. However, in his first film, we find the very threatening Jack Palance (which always bears the same name, "Walter Jack Palance"), as well as the relatively unknown (at the time ) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physical in his own stunts. Mostel played a typical early sound - a greasy and loose ache. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is very tense, even if the details are not accurate and everything is packed too clearly. and has an excellent acting - and is well worth seeing.
