"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting thriller and full of atmosphere in which the director Elia Kazan did a great sense of realism in shooting the film in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fill various roles and intelligently using improvisation. As a result, the characters and the dialogue both seem very natural and credible. An important delay, which must be respected in order to avoid a catastrophe, gives the narrative its acute sense of urgency and speed, as well as the problems which delay the taking of the necessary measures, then increases the tension to a high level. . <Br/> <br /> Following a dispute between card game participants, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown to the ground near the wharf. When the body was found and that the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), responsible for public health in the United States, and is called the review confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the deceased should be vaccinated without delay, because the highly contagious nature of the disease means that without this action, any infected person could die in a few days. <br /> <br /> Identity It is not known if the deceased is unknown, it will be difficult to find his contacts and this situation is not facilitated when the city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by the Reed briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as it claims and that their initial lack of engagement is only the first of a series of obstacles preventing urgent action. The following survey is hindered by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of sailors, the restaurant owner and some illegal immigrants before the identity of the man and his contacts are known. finally found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, a clandestine immigrant, was part of a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook). When the gang leader, Blackie, becomes aware of the ongoing police investigation, he presumes that Kochak must have smuggled something very valuable into the country. Since Kochak and Poldi were linked, Blackie assumes that Poldi needs to know something about it and will find out more. Poldi, however, is very sick and unable to provide information. Blackie brings her own doctor and, with Fitch, starts moving Poldi out of his room and down a few steps. That's when they meet up with Reed and an exciting chase ensues. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid public official, who effectively carries out the heavy responsibilities of his work while facing his domestic concerns as a man of the family. In an unusual type of role for him, he also very resolutely describes the resolute and serious nature of Dr. Reed. Jack Palance's film debut sees him giving an impressive performance as a ruthless thug who disregards the reason why Kochak left the card game as well as the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive features also help make its presence on the screen even more convincing. <br /> <br /> In a typically docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realistic influences are used in tandem to capture the atmosphere of the place. in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan runs with precision, but also excels in the memorable sequence of pursuits in the warehouse and dock.
