A doctor and a police officer in New Orleans have only 48 hours to find a murderer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and elegant thriller directed by Elia Kazan, which combines documentary realism with a race against the clock. pulpy heart rhythm. Panic In The Streets, filmed and shot in and around New Orleans, is based on the story Quarantine, Edna's Some Like 'em Cold and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for his original story. It also has a nice cast that offers top-notch performances to their director. In turn, Richard Widmark {bringing the method a year before Kazan in Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (in the role of Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderful name Zero Mostel, all become moody during that the pursuers continue the battle. continued to put an end to a possible epidemic of black <br /> <br /> The film marks its main suspense points thanks to Kazan's clever ability to sneak between the protagonists without changing the flow or the mood of the play. . Widmark's public health doctor, with a hypodermic needle in his hand, running around trying to locate the wicked so he can do good; to the wicked themselves who are perplexed as to why they are being hunted on such a large scale; the tension is accumulated to the breaking point of the fever. For whom, fortunately, the last thirty minutes become a crisp movie piece. Palance is a nasty villain who ironically evokes Tommy Udo of Wissmark in Kiss Of Death three years ago. <br /> <br /> It's an imaginative and intelligently written story that cleverly associates rats and criminals with disease. A scourge on society so to speak. His black elements, such as paranoia, blend well with his fundamental procedural thriller. Some memorable scenes are well hidden by the stifling atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the early psychologizing characters threaten to direct the film down some of the talkative alleyways, it is certainly a film worthy of staying until the end. Not essential film-noir, and maybe not essential Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that must be discovered by a new generation of moviegoers and reevaluated by the old guard who may have missed it in the day. 7.5 / 10
