Panic In The Streets opens in black, a view along a dark street followed by a camera tilting up to a window, behind which is played a shabby card game - a flourishing start that, along with part of the shot, anticipates part of the atmosphere that Welles created ten years later in Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens the window; it is an appropriate action, which serves as an introduction to the events taking place in our space and which literally opens our first look at the underground world. <br /> <br /> Shot in black and white with high contrast, Panic In The Streets enjoys a lot of strong distribution and some great shooting in New Orleans. Scenes in locations such as the morgue, congested shipping desks, or peeling paint from Frank's Place offer a unique, sometimes claustrophobic, atmosphere that can not be recreated in the studio. With these elements, the Kazan film shows the influence of Dassin's revolutionary city Naked City two years ago, which had established the devious and almost documentary style of the black cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role was Dassin's in Night And The City, a film in which the feeling of growing panic was even more prevalent. Joe MacDonald, one of the director's favorites, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Pinky and Viva Zapata !, of Kazan, and shot again three years later with Widmark in Fuller's masterpiece, Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noted, typically black films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, the sickness and the immorality of the streets, and the modest and quiet life of Reeds. But while (for example) in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), the hero's family life is destroyed by elements of vice surrounding the beleaguered central figure - eventually sending him back to work with heightened vigilance and a sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets places Reed's growing anxiety in the compound of what equates to another day's work. Despite all the dangers, he ends up returning to the fold of his family, justified and satisfied. The implication is that the social balance has been restored, at least for the moment by its professionalism and its healing skills. <br /> <br /> This imbalance has of course been created by crime and disease. Both are closely associated in this film. This is reminiscent of the slogan of Cobra (1986), which is much more cruel: "Crime is the disease, meet the remedy", a beautiful analogy in its context, even if it evokes social reductionism too much. At its height, as Blackie tries to escape aboard a ship, the visual elements specifically refer to rats as being similar to criminals, posing a threat to the health of society. While Blackie (presumably infected) lurks in the cheap rooms and on the docks with his friends, he searches all he seeks, if he wants, if, without knowing it exactly, "plague" and "Blackie" "resonate together in the public mind. , then adding to connected associations. Ironically, Blackie's presentiment of Poldi's unfortunate cousin that "he brought something" is accurate - even if, ultimately, nothing can be sold or stolen. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally deal with the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a connotation of truth about it, and his confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, although loving the home, and on the side of society, is a true black hero. The main protagonist is familiar with the genre as a man who walks alone, obliged to travel beyond the limits of the law. For his part, Reed is forced to take morality for the good of society - a dimension of the film particularly relevant given the controversial personal history of director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, naming alleged communists and traveling companions. His film shows suspects arrested and press maneuvers on the pretext that the public good superior justified the means. These actions may echo the director's feelings at the time, presumably accepting the McCarthyite witch hunt and the removal of the civil rights it entailed in the light of alleged Communist infiltration in the entertainment industry. In the era of terrorist threats and state reaction, the issues raised in the film are remarkably modern. <br /> <br /> The film's remarkable scenes include a remarkable scene in which Blackie questions the dying Poldi to determine its precise nature. the alleged contraband of his cousin. Like a cat, Blackie runs his victim through the room, finally attacking the sick man's bed, holding Poldi's feverish head in his hands - a devilish and striking cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. Apparently, the actors have performed many or all of their stunts, which leads to other very dramatic scenes in the end, as the police and health authorities get closer to the criminals under the docks. Mid-crawling, half-scrambling on the slippery beams at the edge of the dock's pond, it must have been a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it's a sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of the situation. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less. convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed is struggling with a small potential governmental reserve of national emergency. Perhaps also surprisingly, he never gets inoculated - inviting a dramatic turn that never materializes. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic was also stopped, all the contacts located, a little too cleanly. But these weaknesses are more than offset by the other satisfactions of a film that still allows today a compulsive and relevant viewing.
