Knowing when to end a movie is as important as playing, directing and playing. And it's nice to see when a director / script succeeds. Arriving after 82 minutes, 10 ELEMENTS OR LESS does not lengthen the story by trying to capture uninteresting topics. He remains focused, funny, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays the role of "Lui", an elderly actor who captures all the roles presented to him. We are introduced to "Him" as he goes to a supermarket in a remote area of ​​the city near The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing he has a star in his car, The Kid urges him to talk about his absence from the movies in recent years. He is not very willing, because not only has he been out of school for a while, but he is also heading to the location of an independent film in which he could play ("I have not decided if I'm going to accept the movie "part.") The Kid is a parent of the director involved in this independent adventure and soon drops him in the middle of nowheresville.Coined, he decides to check the local market.It runs immediately into the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who manages the register of 10 articles or less, not only of a striking but intelligent beauty, he begins to use it as the main subject of research for his next role in the independent film.He learns how she calculates the numbers so quickly and why she knows the quirks of each member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he does not just use Scarlet, he helps her to see life more deeply. They travel mble to get his car back from an unfaithful husband, and teaches him to play the role of a new job for which she badly needs and to dress for success, even in the face of Target, the very incarnation of the local garment. . This is probably one of the most entertaining moments as we have also seen it, showing its complete lack of understanding of the world of mass distribution ("These shirts cost only $ 12! How is this possible ?! "), as stated at the beginning of this review, is abrupt but timely. It is impossible for these two to remain friends, even if they form a unique link. They know when to say goodbye and what each one gets from the other. It's a quiet but exciting moment as Scarlet's messy car slows down in front of L.A. de Lui's mansion. <br /> <br /> It's an excellent independent production that loses little time. And that will not waste you time either.
