Seventy-two minutes in length, this neglected little comedy drama of 2006 is actually a two-character sketch, but works very well within the limits of this one. The story unfolds almost entirely at various unidentified locations in South Los Angeles, but the story is unimportant, but as in Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation", the film speaks much more of two strangers meeting at unexpectedly, find a common bond and go back to their enlightened lives for the capital encounter. It is also very useful that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally freed from the sages and ruthless figures of authority that have become his specialty of the big screen, Freeman seems comparatively liberated as a somewhat self-indulgent movie star. His character is driven to a low-cost grocery store in Carson, where he can research the role he envisions in an independent film. <br /> <br /> Without work for a few years, he is embarrassed. when he sees DVDs of his movies in the trash box, but his ego is such that there is no lack of temerity to watch and even imitate the edgy staff of the store. Scarlet, an embittered worker from Spain who has been relegated to the rank of the express line, particularly amazes her. She has an interview for secretarial work in a construction company, but her deep insecurity seems to have already thwarted her chances. Just like Penelope Cruz's Amazonian sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the rare redeemable aspects of James L. Brooks' execrable "Spanglish") brings to Scarlet a striking edge and a realistic vulnerability. She and Freeman have been interacting very well throughout history, including stops not only at the grocery store, but also at Target, Arby's and a full-service car wash. Nothing of brilliance happens except to show how two people realize the ephemeral nature of fortuitous encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling simplifies the process, but the production also testifies to Phedon Papamichael's expertise in cinematic dynamics (he directed Alexander Payne's film "Sideways") and the contagious score of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). Bobby Cannavale (as Scarlet's future ex-husband), Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up"), helpless pilot Jim Parsons (the "knight" in "Garden State") as a venerable receptionist. The 2007 DVD is overloaded with extras, including a making-of documentary, "15 Days or Less", aimed at film students and running a 103-minute marathon; six extended scenes; a light but insightful three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and some excerpts that specifically announce the DVD.
