I am a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "The Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my favorite movies of all time. But I must admit that I often wondered about his choice of roles. Many of his titles were big budget shots with no heart. '10 Items Or Less' marks for me the return of Freeman to a role that really highlights his acting skills. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an anonymous and once-known Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. . He was offered a role in an indeterminate photo for which he is doing research in a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in Los Angeles. After being blocked there by his flaky driver, Freeman is offered a return by the cashier girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), to whom he befriended. Before he can be brought home, however, Scarlet has to go to an important job interview and Freeman agrees to accompany him in exchange for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several places. but the film is really just a text about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the most disconnected Hollywood guy who has not heard of Target and does not know his phone number or even the day of the week. He emits a filtered Dalai Lama wisdom in his "whole world is a scene" mentality and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview as an "audition". And yet, he has a way with people, a way to touch them that exceeds his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks incessant questions about them and feasting on their whims where others would simply be annoyed. In Scarlet, he sees the proud and solitary loner he was; he sees the man he was. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, on the other hand, displays a fierce pride and a sharp tongue that allows her to hide her own insecurities. Vega plays the role of a connection with Freeman that connects an almost bodily love to a physical attraction, although she plays wonderfully well and it's not as scary as it sounds. But even as she senses that her relationship with Freeman is growing, Scarlet is attentive to the reality of their different worlds. /> The film is smart, funny and well written, with a simple but effective dialogue. I read a review of IMDb that said the lines were "stuck," which, in my opinion, is a misinterpretation of a realistic human discourse. There are no great monologues here, no deep moments of soul searching. So I think the trick is to show how in ordinary everyday life people can relate to each other. And I think Freeman and Vega are doing really well, portraying the bond between two people who glisten like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after his departure, he remains in your memories, tempting you with what could have been. OK, it was a little blooming, but I really liked the performances and the movie. I will definitely recommend it.
