Barbra Streisand's first televised special is always a highlight in the history of entertainment - in all media. Smartly divided into three separate acts (in order to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand took the bold and yet masterful decision to abandon the typical format of variety shows of the time (which is why there is no guest star or forced joke) and the entire show on his shoulders alone. This risky decision paid off as MY NAME IS BARBRA set a new standard in music programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in glorious black and white (which enhances the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA is perfectly designed and shot impressively. However, what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand herself. Watching the 23-year-old performer navigate herself within 55 minutes of the show is nothing short of exciting. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs the first and third acts in its entirety) and testifies for the first time of the immense power of the stars who would soon follow her on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The biggest asset of this show is its a daring to allow Streisand to simply stand on stage and sing great songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a brief opening excerpt of Leonard Bernstein's "My Name Is Barbara"), Barbra continues his journey in a multi-level studio setting, performing a frenzied version of Disney classic "I'm late." Between the couplets of "I'm Late", Streisand stops at various levels of the stage to sing terrible numbers such as the fascinating "Make Believe" and the thunder "How does the wine taste?" Midway through Act I, Barbra returns to his own childhood under the sign of "A Kid Again", then gives very energetic interpretations of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while frolicking among a oversized set. The illusion is finally broken, however, while Streisand is out of fantasy and returns to the real world. She then sings about this innocence of childhood lost in the charming "Where is the wonder?" Streisand then rushes onto a platform surrounded by a room filled with musicians and enthusiastically interprets "People" before the deafening applause of a studio audience. <br /> <br /> Beginning of Special Act II with Streisand pounding the audience in the studio with a camp interpretation of "I'll Got the Blues", before delivering a comic monologue on "Pearl from Istanbul ". Streisand then goes to Bergdorf Goodman's department store, which allows him to sing a mixture of songs about poverty while parading in some of the store's elegant trends. This segment is the culmination of the special for many fans and critics. Among the highlights of the Act II medley is Streisand, who sings to the public a restricted version of "Second Hand Rose", who appears as a Latin bullfighter with the theme "Nobody knows you when you're depressed", and which depicts a frustration. A newspaper delivery man while mugging at "Brother, can you spare a penny?" The third act of the stage is a simple concert, without plays or concept. Streisand is an artist who really flourishes on the concert stage. This segment is the most exciting moment of the stage. Streisand enters the song "When the Sun Outs Out", defying almost all gravity, and continues to surprise the viewer with a nice version of the ballad THE YEARLING "Why Did I Choose You", a burning performance of "Lover Come Back Me" ", and a passionate three-song medley form FUNNY GIRL. However, Streisand really surpasses herself with a phenomenal rendition of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday's "My Man" standard, which immediately became one of the singer's favorite songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs his immortal ballad version of "Happy Days Are Here Again" as closing credits scroll to the left of the screen. The emblematic finish of the number reassures the viewer that he has actually seen something really special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a huge triumph in the first broadcast, and he finally won five Emmy Awards and created two albums of soundtracks ranking among the top five gold sales. Watching it all again is absolutely not a surprise.
