Streisand fans who only know his work since the movie FUNNY GIRL need to see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand was - BEFORE reaching his goal of becoming a movie star. There had never been a singer so similar to her, and there would be more (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never again Streisand would sing with dynamism, energy and, above all, , the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she plays here - by the time she goes to this Central Park concert, only two or three years later she was shooting FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and her stage style has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more repeated (and, let's face it: more angry) - there is a wall between her and the audience. The live show was never what she really liked - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and once she was no longer forced to do it, she did it as little as possible (and, oh, this legendary plotter provides such an excuse!). <br /> <br /> His voice here and during his previous appearance at the Judy Garland Show are incredible: Streisand could really sound an old song, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved him very much. . But in the 1970s, Streisand was trying to become a "rock" singer, her albums addressing the youngest audience, with exacerbated screams of songs unworthy of her efforts or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s, she came back with this brilliant "Broadway Album", but she went on to say how difficult it was to do it, how "they" told her not to do, etc. Oh, please, when did anyone tell Streisand what to do? She could have done such things from the beginning, bringing the audience to a higher level instead of stooping to what the younger audience thought they wanted, in their opinion. (The rest of "Back to Broadway" was not so good, because Streisand seems to have to improve the work of other composers: if he was alive at that time, would Richard Rodgers have even recognized his own "Some Enchanted Evening "Rodgers, famous for blaming singers for playing with his melodies, would probably have been after Streisand to sing what he had written!" She also shoots Michael Crawford from the CD in their duet of "Music of the Night" - why does he insist on singing and singing songs by himself, and songs that are not duets, and singing them in duets with another person, who then continues to diminish?) -dicting Judy Garland took Streisand aside and told him: "Do not let them do what they did to me", the advice that Streisand wasted no time in paying attention - despite his protests contrary, surely it looks like it has always been his way or the highway e. Imagine - ELLE explained to CBS management how her first TV show would be: no guests, only ELLE. <br /> <br /> But no one can dispute the obvious results here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE it's a legend - you'll be absolutely amazed at the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I watched it again last night (12/01) after not having seen it since. many years - it was even BETTER than in my memory! The 1st Act begins with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How to taste wine", and Barbra's childhood tribute, "I'm Five" - ​​it culminates when Streisand appears in full (and I mean FULL) orchestra to sing "People" - she was not bored yet with the song and although this is a slightly shorter rendition, she really soars - compare her to some of its more recent versions of "autopilot". The 2nd act (after Streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, which has not changed much over the years) is Depression's famous series of songs set amid the extravagance of Bergdorf-Goodman. <br /> <br /> The 3rd Act is the wonder - call it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (although we never see the audience supposed to witness this historical event). With her fear of the public and her aversion to such shows, this may have been the hardest part for her, but if so, it does not show it. She tears "Lover Come Back to Me" and the torch "When the sun rises" (although I can not remember in what order!), The poignant "Why I chose you?" (One of my all time Streisand favorites) and features a mix of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "Do not Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from the score, "The music that makes me dance". Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang that song in 1922, and that earned him the Broadway toast," Streisand then sings "My Man," and it's almost a rehearsal template for his subsequent screen rendering in the FUNNY GIRL movie (the main difference being that The dress here is sleeveless - her movie dress had long sleeves and on the black background we only saw her hands and her face), but the voice here is more urgent and loaded than his later movie voice (his rendition of the song has it all to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who, of course, never sang the song in such a way as Streisand does it here or in the film - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a preview of Brice's more discreet version.) The show ends with Streisand's song "Happy Days Are Here Again" in the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was over, I said to the friend with whom I was looking at her: "She NEVER, NEVER done anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was twenty-three!
