In 1964, Barbra Streisand was always a curiosity and she probably raised a lot of eyebrows when CBS signed it for a $ 5 million 10-year television deal (none of these days). But more importantly, Barbra and his manager insisted that creative control be assured - and understood it. She filmed this special and, overall, her vision was intelligent, intelligent and incredible. Part one with the title song (not written especially for her), Streisand goes through a series of songs related to "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"!). She keeps even the thread of the ears. and mustaches and "too much time to shave"!); It's a totally charming, even bizarre selection, and have fun because it did not make the two published soundtracks. It slows down for "Make Believe" (which may be getting too slow), but the drama "How does the wine taste?" it's incredible. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand who looks tiny in a huge chair - is this where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), Just like "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile" - no, alligator! "). "Where is the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her number "People", surrounded by an orchestra that hits for her at the end of the song, is stunning. Act II takes place in the neighborhood of Bergdof Goodman in New York, where Streisand is noted for its great inclination for haute couture (when it tramples amusingly the mink, the audience watching the tape is taken aback) Act III, in front of a studio audience (composed of fan club fans), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand seems breathless at the dramatic end), followed by "Why I chose?" You? "(Probably her best song at the beginning), a too fast" Lover, Come Back to Me "(where she is finally drowned by the orchestra) and a medley of" Funny Girl. "The final," Happy Days Are Here Again ", which would have taken 12 shots, closes the hour in an incredible way Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber manufacturing company!), This black and white jewel moves quickly, with jazzy decorations, excellent cinematography, sets and costumes, they do not really do that anymore - and that's about the stage and La Streisand.
