I could not help thinking that it could have been a bigger film than it was. The scenario is very intelligent and it just seemed that it could have been opened closer to Seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found to hold the movie. On the other hand, the rhythm was perfectly at the rendezvous. Anyone who has worked on editing has done a really good job. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of staging. Now, far from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This film threw me for a loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! I always felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then, when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies had been buried and revealed who he was, I got myself for a loop. I had suspected the first part of the twist but what really threw me was when he contacted the agent and saw the agent murder his mother and the fact that the agent too (without words, simply by touch) sees him again with Adam and asks him how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was a new twist, but the almost unfathomable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually chose "bad guys" so to speak, knowing already their sins and their crimes. I do not support an eye for an eye, so I did not leave the film to believe that they were doing the work of God. Instead, I chose to believe that they were both clairvoyants and that the father had gone out deeply one day and that the events to which he had subjected his sons had also permanently disturbed them. That was my interpretation, but what bothered me the most in the film is that it's like a house of cards and an endless circle and what is the correct interpretation of the troubling events you have witnessed. It is certainly one of those films where I would like to meet the writer to ask him what is the true meaning of all this. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they just telepathic and got a license because of that? Or did they have a kind of God's appearance? And if so, was it God or the devil disguising himself as God? My friends and I talked about it all night trying to figure out what was and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this film. <br /> <br /> A decidedly perplexing and invocative film with some of the most disturbing elements but certainly not sensationalist. It's not a perfect movie, but it's really his own business. The very good staging and interpretation of Bill Paxton and the child playing Fenton was extremely good. I hope he will not end up being relegated to child actor syndrome because he seems to have a lot of promise. I gave this film a good vote for most of the components that make up a movie, but I would have voted higher if it had not felt like something (although I can not say what ) was off and if that had not been the case the film would have gone to an even higher level. Still, a definitive recommendation, especially for those who are curious.
