Frailty is a non-gore horror movie that reaches its shivers by following the logic and impact of a man's illusion / obsession directly into depravity. Papa (we never know what his name is) is a gentle man and a loving father who raises his sons alone after his mother's death and who gave birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family is overthrown late at night when Dad rushes into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? the whole family has the task of destroying the demons, which, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Starting from this postulate, the film is inflexible to follow it. Dad kidnaps people / demons that God told him to destroy, binds them, puts their hand to see a vision of their evil, and then kills them? while making his young sons watch. Fenton, the oldest boy, is horrified to see only a father turned into a mad murderer. Adam, the youngest, is uncomfortable, but believes that dad follows the will of God. Finally, Dad takes his sons on a mission to remove the "demons" that God has inscribed on his father's list, and finally invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> understand, an abusive father. He loves his children. He only follows God's instructions: "It's our job now, my son, we have to do it." When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father went mad, said he would report him to the police, his father explained to him, "If you do that, son, I'll die." The angel was clear about it. The pressure on children is unbearable and tragic, and disrupts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a flashback story told in a police station to an FBI agent. The moody lighting, stormy weather and worrying calm nowadays add to the threat of the background. I wanted to believe that the horror that was unfolding was just a story, until I remember the portrait of Andrea Yates, who thought he was possessed by Satan and could save his children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was looking at a human tragedy rather than a story of divine vengeance. <br /> <br /> The film did not bring me such comfort because it provided powerful clues in the end. the veracity of Dad's vision. And that, as much as some plots, posed a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of his father's visions, no matter how bad his victims may have been, where can anyone get the power to act as an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert review of 4/12/02
