As a director, a number of Richard Attenborough's films have been biographies of major historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical figure, but in this case, the subject of Attenborough is a much more obscure character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl is a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who defended his ideas of environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than today hui. He was generally thought to be a Native American; The story he told of himself was that he was born in Mexico of a Scottish father and an Apache mother and had emigrated to Canada where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a lake hut in a remote part of Canadian nature, where he earned his living as a trapper. In 1935 and 1937, he made two trips to Britain to promote his books and lecture on the protection of nature. It was a great success, even though it was presented to the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he was not what he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney and he was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film goes a little distance from the facts of Gray Owl's life. In a scene taking place in 1934, he states that he is 41 years old. in fact, he was born in 1888 and would have turned 46 that year. (46 years old would have been the age of Pierce Brosnan at the time of filming, so I do not know why this change was made). Many events are compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film, he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard whom he has named Anahareo; in fact, he met and married Gertrude in 1925. The film also omits the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity posthumously damage his reputation and he has been termed "fraud". His alleged deception was even used to discredit the causes he had defended. Richard Attenborough, however, takes a more comprehensive view of his accomplishments. One of the themes addressed by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although former Archibald Belaney is not a native Canadian Indian, there is no doubt that he had a thorough knowledge of Ojibway culture and traditions and was fluent in their language. The Ojibways accepted him as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to characterize the identity of a North American Aboriginal identity as fraudulent simply because it was an identity he had chosen rather than an identity in which he was born. <br /> <br /> According to the film Gertrude, Gray Owl's wife, was herself of Indian origin, but came from a family that had been equated with white Canadian culture. His marriage can therefore be seen as a recovery of the original cultural heritage of his family. Her husband clearly influenced her, but she also influenced him, persuading her to give up her fur trapper job because she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> A criticism made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is "miscast" as the hero, a criticism that seems to be rooted in the preconceived notion that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the mold from James Bond. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan may have deliberately taken on this role so as not to be cast, Gray Owl being a taciturn wooden man, as far away as the suave and sophisticated agent one may have. The first Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I agree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another frequently voiced criticism that I would not agree with is that the movie is "boring." Of course, it's not an action movie like The Bonds, nor a an epic biopic like "Gandhi", and it may sound boring for those who expected it to be one or the other, but it is likely to appeal to anyone interested in the early days of the environmental movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity, scenes from Canada's forests are also beautifully photographed, and Richard Attenborough has been helpful in helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure.
