Enterprise, the latest high-budget spin-off of the most successful franchise in film and television history, opens with a 90-minute episode titled 'Broken Bow'. First, we are immersed in a massive action sequence with a Klingon pursued by Sulibans (who are the main enemy of the first season of the series). From there, the TV movie takes us on a journey that is never so successful, with some of the best character development, history and effects / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a dubious topic among the minority of Enterprise fans, who some believe the song is out of place. What they do not realize are the words themselves. If you listen to the actual song, instead of the theme, they will begin to piece together the pieces of the puzzle. And as the series progresses and we learn more about our valiant captain and his team, will the song make sense? Overall, the theme of Diane Warren is beautifully orchestrated and sung just as well by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes a TV show lookable and deserves to be watched again and again are its characters and the way they are structured and layered. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the most successful shows since The Next Generation. Choosing Scott Bakula as captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself named Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain is always at the head of the show, Bakula adds subtlety to his role and brings a big smile to the faces of all those who have blood in their veins. He is simply (both actor and character) a superb human being and his charm, wit and compassion are overwhelming to watch. Among the other cast members, one of my favorites is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also nice to see a non-human play a role and the decision to give a dog to the captain, called "Porthos", was a welcome thought. Throughout the show, the character development was brilliant, fast, accurate and almost perfect. I say almost because, unfortunately, the character of Travis Mayweather played by Briton Anthony Montgomery is a little weak at the end of the first season. He has things to say here and there, but remains in the hands of producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as the subcommand T'Pol, sub-sponsor sometimes hard but also lovable. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays an important role and is convincing as an armory officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker who always adds charm and a comic style to his character, then Linda Park in the role of the sign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but which fortunately becomes quickly interesting. All these characters are part of Enterprise and all bring a quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Each person makes this show to watch. Smiles and feel-good are guaranteed the first time we see them all together on the Enterprise NX-01 ship deck. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is rather questionable in its design. The series takes place in 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why then does the ship seem to have a similar design to the mid-24th century ships, namely the Akira-class spacecraft? Continuity has been a problem in Enterprise, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer appropriate explanations for each of them. Continuity is only a problem if you're watching the shows forever and obsessing about every detail. If you see the show with an open mind, you will have no problem, but you will always want to know why. So, what did Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base with the question of designing the ship itself? According to them, the NX-01 is what it is because of the incident of the first contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and his interview with Commander Riker's control team, it changed the ideas in his head. This is a pretty good explanation for me. Let's move on. Of course, it's not as easy for some fans to accept this kind of response, some even refuse to see the show before getting a reasonable answer. Come on, guys are growing up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the launch of his new trilogy that made profits, fans could not do anything, just watch and mess up anyway. And then they learned that, maybe it's not so bad after all. If you can not accept a quality show for what it is, and not what it should be in your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer in the series and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The sets of Enterprise remind me a lot of the Defiant of Deep Space Nine. They often seem cold and have a strange appearance of modern structure and they shout that they belong to the army. Maybe that's why the crew of the USS Enterprise (who is the flagship of the US fleet) love him so much. They are striking scenery and represent the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman "the lord of the empire", as John Logan so aptly said, while his counterpart Brannon Braga put his finger on it should have, and in all the right places. Whether technical, graphics, sound, editing or sheet music. Enterprise is an excellent demonstration of the quality of TV science fiction final, once in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and, as a fan of Star Trek, you should do the same.
