The tourist season has just ended on an isolated island off the coast of Scotland, winter begins to settle and the inhabitants, men and sheep, settle in much quieter periods. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former British army paratrooper, is the local dentist, he is not a native islander and his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is still seen with a little suspicion, not malevolently, but just out of the instincts of protection that the close-knit community has for its loved ones. The serenity of the islands is broken when Gaffikin leaves for a game of solitary golf and discovers the headless remains of a woman brutally murdered. He immediately reported his find to Inspector Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the police station of the island. He organizes the delivery of the remains to the general practitioner, Dr. Goudry, for a more thorough inspection. A quick search for the murderer is unsuccessful, as is the search for a missing woman from the area. During dinner that night with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the deceased woman could be Sheila Anderson, a mainland woman who lives on the island during the winter months. A brief search of her home, Dove Cottage, reveals the remains of her body, her home proving that this is the scene of the murder, but why did the killer drag her chest more than a kilometer in the woods? The suspicion weighs immediately on the unknown who remains on the island, a colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who was also the last person to see it alive as they arrived together on the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudik Gaffikin asks for a dental assessment on the body of the victim, she reveals that she was torn, my person or something with great force, a series of marks on the body seem to point on a human killer, another on that of an unknown animal of some kinds. A sheep is found mutilated, then a Canadian ornithologist is found dead. With thick fog, the island is cut off from the mainland and any possibility of help, the radio does not work either, seemingly blocked and the phone lines cut off. The reports of UFOs and the sighting of a camouflaged soldier are aggravated by the discovery of a strange looking machine hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to the facts but mocks Gaffikin's idea that extraterrestrials might be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island makes him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The Nightmare Man is Based on David Wiltshire's novel Child of the Vodyanoi, it is adapted here by Dr. Who and Blake's screenwriter Robert Holmes, and directed by Douglas Camfield, who had also an experience in making classics of science fiction and film. experts of the kind on board. All in all, The Nightmare Man is a succinctly better-crafted piece, which builds its plot along with the solid development of the characters, even to the minor characters. It is time to give them all a solid background. The island's decor is perhaps a kind of cliché that has been used time and time again, but it's a subject that I like a lot, the remoteness, the feeling of being besieged without issue, always adds to the atmosphere and gives it an extra cachet. sucking with an impenetrable fog near to hinder all efforts. In many such genre endeavors, it is very easy for a procedure to be ridiculous and for the plot to use melodrama, but thanks to Camfield, he keeps it all together, with a focus on credibility. at any time. The procedure is authentic, the characters sometimes even speak Gaelic to deepen this point. If the killer has a negative, it is his acceptable shot, but it is perceived as an acceptable shot, but seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens, it only screams. date the movie a bit. You'll always have a hard time guessing the outcome or the killer's identity or species, given the clues, but it's a fun and well-played piece. The local Scottish actors are exceptional, the local groups Roeves and Cosmo in particular deviate and have fun. Imrie, whom I have never chosen in other works, is also very good and displays a female physique as if she were in a Hammer production. The bizarre end, perhaps even absurd, can annoy some viewers, it has disappointed me in some ways, but given the time it was made, it's a understandable and acceptable addendum that, if you think about it, is even more terrifying.
