There is no worse service to history than to distort it. It takes the easiest and shallowest way, simply describing it as a monster. Show only its negative sides and exaggerate them. "Those who ignore the past condemn us to repeat it." He was a human being This may be hard for some people to accept, but a significant part of life is facing what we do not want. Rather than demonize man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing anyone in the same future, or even the present, from succeeding in areas of comparable scope, in terms of damage and misery. Hate him and what he did, do not make him something mythical, intentionally or not. Frankly, too much of this mini-series could play "dumb beast * duuum *!" after or during the scenes. The whole thing nods, gives a thumbs up and winks at the audience, with a clear message: "was it a guy or something?", Incorporating every bad trait (in addition to inventing several that go directly against who and what he was), letting them appear more or less out of nowhere, and be consistent throughout his life, not something he has come to believe or claim. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall), and perhaps point out some of the inaccuracies of that. This is disrespectful of the real events that have occurred and of all the survivors, not to mention those who have died. The cinematographic quality? Excellent. It's done well, from end to end, excellent production values, a solid arc for the well-told scenario, the characterization is powerful and credible, the dialogue and the scenario are excellent, all the performances at stake are masterful ( Carlyle looks and behaves like ... as it was written ... perfectly), the music is well composed, the cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and it's really dramatic, entertaining and captivating. They get dates and many occurrences and do them justice. If I had been offered to work on this subject and could not be objective enough for Hitler to appear as a fully structured person, I would have refused, citing that as the reason. I do not blame anyone to hate him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure we should do it? That's not what I suggest. Finally, let me emphasize that, as I write these lines, we are going through a global economic crisis that has lasted about two years and is not so different from the stock market crash of 1929. The two reasons The reasons for this decision are as follows: Here is the list of factors that led to a depression of the new millennium: governments give money to banks to keep the market moving, and the majority of countries are now friends of some other. Apart from that, the lesson had not been learned. Hope this is the case now. Let's go back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction, dealing with the subject. There are many, informative and intelligent. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend it only to those who know better and urge all who viewed it to seek the truth. 8/10
