The penultimate episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy title, which proves that the series was still exploring its characters even at this stage of the third season; Although defective, "All Our Yesterdays" has its moments and a depressing and convincing feeling. Kirk, Spock and McCoy teleport to a planet, assuming they are timely to save or at least warn the people there, as the planet's sun must explode in the hours that follow. But it turns out that the inhabitants of this country are only too aware of the fate of the planet and that, thanks to a kind of travel device in time, they have escaped in the past. Each person was able to choose the time and place where they would like to live in a "library" run by an elderly man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are also looking for a past and shows them different periods from which they can choose among the viewers. There is some forced confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz - where they want. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding could have been cleared up quite easily, but for conspiracy reasons this is not the case, and Kirk is soon transported to a time that looks like the 18th century in England. Spock and McCoy are sent into an ice age, 5000 years in the past of the planet. From there, the focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled at that time by a tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotional, showing his anger towards McCoy and a deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. He eventually realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan, 5000 years ago. Kirk goes back to the library first, then convinces Mr. Atoz that they do not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy come back just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; the Enterprise radiates all three and moves away when the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk's adventure in the English past is amusing. All in all, a very good Star Trek outing of the last days.
