The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and is one of the highlights of the last season so much criticized. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk head to Sarpeidon to find the planet's population completely gone, except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, the librarian. The 3 characters of Trek soon accidentally enter a time machine, at different times in Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing performance as an Ice Age Vulcan who falls in love with Zarabeth, while Kirk resumes his unfortunate experience of time travel - see "The City at the End of the World" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before escaping and find the door in time to Sarpeidon's gift. In the end, the three characters of Trek are saved just minutes before the star of Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon becomes supernova. The Enterprise disappears as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories", this show was at the origin of a dispute since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason had been given . in Lisette's script for why Spock behaved so emotionally. Nimoy directly conveyed his fears to the show's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, that the Vulcans were not supposed to fall in love. (p.272) However, according to Freiberger, the setting of the ice age allowed Spock to experience emotions, as it was a period during which the Vulcans had still not evolved to their current state quite logic. It was a good example of improvisation on the part of Freiberger to save a scenario well above average for this episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the screenplay for the third season has artistically hurt Spock since his character was forced to bawl like a donkey in "The Children of Plato", playing music with Hippies in "The Way to Eden "or sometimes display emotion, the script here was more believable. Spock has been excellent here because Freiberger candidly admitted to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious conspiracy is the fact that since Spock and McCoy have traveled thousands of years in the past, McCoy should also have returned to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a mistake that can be forgiven given the poor quality of many other shows in season 3, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this scenario. Who could have imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their doomed planet by traveling in their past? This is certainly what we expected from the best of "Classic Trek" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in "Memories", named some of his best "unusual and high quality shows" of Season 3: "The Enterprise Incident, Dove Day, is not there is no truth, The Tholian Web And the children must lead and the syndrome of paradise. (p.273) Although my personal opinion is that "And the children must lead" is a very poor episode while "There are Does it Truth in Any Beauty? "is problematic," All Our Yesterdays "is definitely part of the list of the best three-star Trek TOS movies I give a 9 out of 10 for 'All Our Yesterdays.'
