An unusual journey in time: instead of traveling in the past of the Earth, the main trio remains stuck in the history of another planet. They radiate towards this planet, whose sun is planned for the nova in 3 or 4 hours (which cuts it closely!). In a sort of futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, take it? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. Instead of escaping the destruction of their planet by traveling in space, the inhabitants have all escaped in the usual way in the different epochs of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine after making a selection (check out the records we see here, another prognosis of Trek's CD and DVD!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (the Atavachron-what-sis), the brave Kirk hears a woman's scream and clashes with the version of the 17th century planet Earth, where he fights for a sword and is arrested for witchcraft. There is here an eccentric but good performance of the actress playing a woman of bad reputation at this time, using the phrasing of the time ("... you are a tyranny well .. .. Witch! will burn you ...! "). Spock and McCoy follow Kirk, but find themselves in a glacial period 5000 years earlier. <br /> <br /> Kirk manages to return to the library first. The real story is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the warrior Vulcans of 5000 years ago. It does not really make sense, except maybe this time machine is responsible for the change (even if Spock and McCoy were not prepared by Atoz - oh, well, it seems to me that Spock was also affected by the transition almost immediately - he mentions being "millions of light years away" instead of hundreds or thousands correct - a gross mistake for a logical Vulcan. Anyway, Spock really shows his mean side here - forget "Day of the Dove" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly discovers that his friend Vulcan will not support any of his usual baits and almost takes his face . rearranged. Spock also gets along with Zarabeth, an admirable woman who had been exiled in this cold past as a punishment (two Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are revelations, a reminder of all that Spock hides or holds back. It is also ironic that, a few episodes before ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy pointed out to Spock that he would never know it. love pain - and now all of this is happening. Kirk, meanwhile, argues with the old Atoz, who insists that it returns to a bygone era ("You are obviously a suicidal maniac" - an excellent information of the actor Wolfe, seen for the last time in " Bread and Circus "). Everything went well at the end, but, as I said earlier, they gave way very well. A neat Trek adventure, with a defined cosmic inclination.
