Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, proposed ideas for Amazing Stories and even made episodes of it. So it is natural that this is the greatest anthology of all time? Unfortunately wrong. Some episodes are just fantastic, but it was too often a mix. In fact, it may be because it was too heterogeneous. Some episodes were light comedies, dramas, horrors, and an animated film, making it a similar, but not so good, version of Twilight Zone (which already existed in the 1980s). <br /> <br /> Normally, I'd like to have a mix of stories in an anthology, but they just do not work fully here. Some of the most fantastic drama episodes felt they'd better be released late into the night on the Lifetime network, like the episode "Ghost Train", directed by Spielberg himself. In this episode, it gave a message of hope and a fantastic story, but all in all, it was just a build to the end that did not blow me anyway. Horror episodes tended to work better than drama, but they were much more dramatic and they became tiring to watch. By acting wisely, this anthology has had some big stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Whitaker Forrest, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Danny Devito, Rhea Perlman, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, Kathy Baker, June Lockhart , Weird Al Yankovich and many other well-known have been in the episodes of the series. It's fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. Great filmmakers have also participated in episodes like Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I would recommend it more to fans of directors and / or the 80s than anyone. <br /> <br /> Amazing Stories was sometimes amazing, generally good, sometimes mediocre, and sometimes very fragrant. went out of. But this series has nostalgic value for me, and it's fun to spend boring afternoons watching some episodes. John Williams' theme music for the show will not fail to be taken by surprise by those who watch it too. <br /> <br /> My note: Good show. 30 min. by episode. TVPG
