Honestly, I was expecting that I hate this one and I really only checked it because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I got a kick for EVIL BREED. A group of college students and their teacher go on a "field trip" to Ireland. Their lodging is located near the woods where it is said that strange things happen and that the tourists often disappear without leaving traces. The group of post-teens is warned by the guardian of the property not to venture into the woods - but since these are stupid characters from movie B, of course, they pay no attention and pay their mistake a by one ... First of all, there are a lot of problems with EVIL BREED. The cast of actors / dialogues is quite weak, and my main complaint is that a film in which Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have a much more free nudity than the one presented here - and Jenna's role in this production is disproportionately over-excited because it has a combined total of about 2 minutes of on-screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show the skin and has the worst Irish accent of all time. In addition, the last scene of the film is absolutely meaningless and gives the impression of being projected just to finish the film. These reproaches aside, there are also some good things. Both Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent very early, Greico's naked torso ending up on a roasting spit and Chasey's entrails being torn in two (although the way it ends up is not shown at all). screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other scenes of killings are rather inventive, including the forced removal of breast implant Jenna, a guy who is extracted the colon by the ass, a knife in the face and some other notable. The implant and colon scenes also have uncut versions that are on special features and it's a shame that the producers have cut them off, so to speak. In addition, the film goes well enough once it moves, so you do not have too much time to get bored. FX "creatures" are also skillfully executed, which certainly helps. Overall, the evil race was not as bad as I expected. This one, as well as SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, have almost renewed my interest for low-budget American films directly in video format. I generally avoid them as a whole, but these two were decent enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - do not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon while you're there - I know I'll was, and I'm sure it did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
