If you were a director who was trying to project female victims for a slasher movie, then it would be logical to add some pornstars. It's not as if they were inexperienced in front of the camera, they had no qualms about the nudity required and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Obviously, Christian Viel has recognized the potential of mixing hardcore actresses with hard gore effects. So he projected four of the sexiest and most famous stars of adult cinema. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes present themselves as cameos in the most intriguing slasher film ever since Scream invigorated the genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally intended for a movie release October 2002 - thus keeping control of the Halloween-based synopsis. Unfortunately, the shooting was marred by many problems, which prevented the feature from getting the visibility it deserves. The last time I heard that this film was signed by Film 2000 in the UK and was written for a DVD release at the end of October. Unfortunately, this label has an unprecedented track record with DTV slashers. Not content to pollute our rays with Camp Blood and his follow-up, they were also responsible for the release of Granny, Bleed and paranoid rancid. Could Samhain finally be a good weapon for their despicable catalog guns? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher travel to the south of Ireland as part of their history class. Upon arrival, they are told the legend of a cannibal clan wandering the Scottish hills and killing locals for food. The cannibals were finally caught and burned at the stake, but it seems that one of the tribes escaped and went to the woods of Ireland to find refuge. Once the kids have settled in and started doing what everyone else is killing in these movies, the obliging two-shoe goody (and the definitive heroine candidate) starts to get scared by a late creepy shadow in the night. Could it be that the hungry maniac by the flesh is always free in the forest? Well, what do you think ??? <br /> <br /> It looks like Samhain's production has been undermined from the beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to create Jenna Jameson's nude make-up, and Chasey Lain began to behave characteristically as a drugged primadone. Finally, to add insult to injury, the producers were cold-eyed just before the film was about to hit the shelves and started talking about republishing and removing all the gore. Reports indicated that they were unhappy with the scale of the violence and wanted to reduce the scenes to get a rating from R. Veil was of course in disagreement, seeing how all his synopsis was boosted by his creative graphic display . After months of arguments, the director separated from Warehouse Productions and the feature film was locked again. <br /> <br /> Despite innumerable disturbances, Veil's slasher opus remains one of the best genre tracks to come out. since the new millennium. The copy I sent was the Preliminary Viewer, which was obviously a test press with no sound effects or the complete soundtrack. But there were still some credible jump fears, a beautiful cinematography and some of the most goretic scenery I've seen for some time. A guy is eviscerated by the rectum before being strangled by his own intestines, Jenna Jameson is undressed and eviscerated, then shaved and Chasey Lain ends up "emptying his belly" after an attempt to rescue his boyfriend (Richard Grieco ). Even though the killings are incredibly horrible, Samhain never feels perverted, which is mainly due to the fact that the characters are half described as basic snapshots. In all honesty, the scenario is perhaps the biggest loss of the films, because the dialogue was not inspired by Scream films by Wes Craven, it was cut and glued flagrantly. <br /> <br /> Certainly the inclusion of mouth-watering Jenna Jameson has been a great initiative from the producers. Her fans will be excited to know she is leaving her high (as expected), as are Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn movie, and he takes advantage of the structure he proposed to produce. It should be noted that the aforementioned XXX stars surpass almost the supposed "actors" of the film, which is not really a complement. Ginger Lynn was at least remarkable (if you ignore the shameful 'Oirish' accent), and his battle with the murderer was superbly interpreted and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna delivered dubious drama, which could have been caused by the many problems on the set. Veil's cinematographic direction was extremely well constructed and he provided some indispensable suspense injections. An exciting and sharp photography is mixed with a good talent for storytelling and the end result is a slasher show to satisfy even the most critical hounds. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting to see what kind of final cup will be published. from Samhain. Rumor has it that a second director was hired to shoot a different ending, and I'm curious how much explicit gore will remain intact for worldwide distribution. If the end result is half as good as the approximate impression I watched, it's even better than almost every genre piece that's been released in the last ten years. This one is definitely worth the detour ??
