Hong Kong filmmakers who go to Hollywood to make films are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of Tsui Hark, John Woo, and Ringo Lam in the 1990s. From their collective production, only a few films (or I say one?) Have had an impact at the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak has been a tour de force in HK's recent filmmaking history, particularly with their now-famous Infernal Affairs trilogy, which was redone in Martin Scorsese's The Departed. It is not surprising that Hollywood is knocking on the door. <Br /> <br /> But without his colleague Mak, who usually has storytelling tasks, how did Lau manage to cope with the authors Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like the X-Files without the X's, in the way the story is designed, the characters and the parallels drawn with Chris Carter's series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes partner with David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, except that they do not belong to any of the federal weapons investigative agencies, but are employees of the Protective Services, whose role is to The main goal is to ensure that sexual predators within their jurisdiction are safe from society when they are released from their sentence. Therefore, it is the shepherds who take care of their flocks, only that their herds suffer from sexual perversion with a propensity for violence. <br /> <br /> The parallels in the characterization are so obvious, it's just an aesthetic touch-up. outside. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange and lonely man, consumed by his obsession with his pursuit of harassing his flock to pick up the line. Penalized by an unsuccessful attempt to rescue a missing child, as was the case with Mulder and his missing sister, Babbage is shunned by his colleagues and receives the disguised walk order as a retirement plan. He has a deep disgust for the people he watches, tired of their crimes and what they stand for, that he has no qualms about using unorthodox methods unless he flies off by imposing an illegal preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong impulses against which he must fight, so as not to exceed the limit to become like those he hates. As part of his routine, he also looks for clues in newspapers and tabloids and pursues his goal of seeking closure, securing salvation for himself, and firmly believing that the truth is always present, and he wants to believe it. <Br/> <br /> On the other hand, Allison Lowry, of Danes, is the ingenue named to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, while learning the basics of work for the next 18 days, she is forced to spy on her and report her shenanigans, much like what Dana Scully has been commissioned to do with Fox Mulder. As a disbeliever in preemption who clings to the notion that those who have been freed from society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes much more than just to be a simple office and administrative. her job if she really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And it's this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, to which we open our eyes, a bit like Nicolas Cage played with snuff films in the spotlight . It's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herring, and mine is really good, because you often wonder if your assumptions are correct, and you end up shooting hip while you you are cheating on an alarming frequency, Although I do not credit this to a tight story, but rather to the sprawling number of characters (beware of Avril Lavigne's cameo) and secondary intrigues. The scene in the dark store / shop looked like David Mills and William Somerset of Se7en when they searched John Doe's apartment and found a lot of quirks inside, though here, given the nature of the subject, we do not dwell much on it. <br /> <br /> Apparently, The Flock decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was pretty good, despite his very strange style of not having a style, using almost every trick in the book to try to recreate Feelings of looking at another Se7en, but as such. soaked in shades of brown, rather than the dark and dark of the dark. It takes a little time to get used to this, and I put this effect to distract from what is happening in the story. This is not really a good thing, with the frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But The Flock continues to offer decent entertainment, even though X-philes would probably find it hard not to imagine their favorite actors in the lead roles, given so many similarities in character. Gere and the Danes put forward a little chemistry like the old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and although it's not really great, Andrew Lau managed to achieve something nice.
