I love Richard Gere a lot ... I've always had him and it seems like lately his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has slipped, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes very mature and intense roles and has had a lot of success, but not financially, because I've seen recently in real gems, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (the two must see movies!) See my critics) and now this movie, The Flock, which was supposed to be a big release considering its substantial budget of 35 million +. It seems that some of the other critics of IMDb are very hard, because I thought the film was about a very serious social problem in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and that Gere is absolutely right. It's an action thriller that stuck me on television with its story. I think the problem seems to be that Hollywood is a very serious problem, but I do not think it's a disrespect, but rather we're trying to take a different turn to make people realize that exist. In fact, it's about the same way that The Hunting Party dealt with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job, but I think it was the cast that made it observable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as social worker Erroll Babbage, who has somehow created his own style and laws in tracking her "flock", is a registered sex offender. He is not afraid of following these people, following them and making sure they do not reoffend. In this case, he will be the only one to identify them and to stop them in any possible way. Gere is so intense and seems exhausted by this work. It became violent and angry to watch these monsters loose on the street. He is just fantastic. Claire Danes is also great as Babbage's new partner and his replacement that he needs to train to do his job. The character of Danes is a lot more typical of social worker and is a little taken aback by the style and methods of Babbage, but slowly realizes what he is trying to accomplish and goes against it. The two of them are brilliant together and have extraordinary chemistry with so different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed, troubled, delinquent who appears to be torn apart as she embodies a character reminiscent of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is now absent) for those of you who follow Canadian serial killers . Her character goes a little too far but she is convincing and horrible at the same time. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and it probably would have been better to give him a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a great character actor (check him out in Dead End, as well as in Saturn himself as Satan on the WB's Reaper show) and gets a modest but positive role at the head of the Department of Public Safety and Babbage Chief. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect despite the great performances of its main cast. It takes liberties really trying to make the film more playful than educational, but it is simply a different angle, similar to that of Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The Flock takes you into the bowels of the sex trade, kidnappings, human trafficking and more and it's really something to watch. Maybe it was not written or done as well as it could have been, but I tell you that Danes and Gere make this movie a totally watchable and really fantastic movie. This is disturbing, but also something that is not very complex and yet, the character of Gere is in many ways extremely complex and has many layers, it also opens the social stigma and encourages you to consider the vigilance of many ways when you see the people that Gere is dealing with. I encourage you all to ignore the bad reviews and see them for yourself, because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
