"What is love, what is this ardent desire in our hearts to be united, is it not the sweetest flower? it's not the perfume of fine fine diamonds, does not the wind like the earth, is not it love, are you with someone tonight, do not question your love. In love with the hand, release the power within yourself, you have heard me, release the power, tame the wild cosmos with a whisper, fear nothing, come out of the sky with an intimate caress, whip all you have and do it in the buttocks. "By Leon Phelps" When Tim Meadows premiered his SNL playboy par excellence, Leon Phelps, I collapsed and, hearing his smarmy smisp and salacious comments, my remote shook with anger. have used the click functionality more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" was transmitted by cable, I mumbled some personal comments and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and sad, where "nothing is on" any of the 100 channels or more ... sigh. Yes ?? I was faced with every torment of cable subscribers ?? watch it or turn off my TV! He was there, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... making me laugh! What happened? Had I succumbed to Hollywood's "stupid" humor at sit-com? Was I so desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne? The truth is that I love more than I should "The Ladies Man". A story about a vulgar playboy drinking cognac while looking at all feminine forms goes against my feminist sensibility. <br /> <br /> What started out as a raw sketch of SNL blossomed before my eyes in a tale about Leon and his playboy philosophy. through life "helping people" to resolve their sexual conflicts. "I'm mother Teresa de Boning," he informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), her long-time friend and producer, of her radio show "The Ladies Man". And he does not laugh. Leaving a chain of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to stay in the bed and breakfast just about everything in Chicago. His business card throughout his life is his good will. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert of the ways of love" manages to take a lot of risks with husbands and boyfriends. Lance (Will Ferrell), one of those badly raised husband, forms a club "Victims of the Ass, USA", which promises to catch our adorable Don Juan. "Oh yes, we will have our revenge," he told his cohorts in a breathtaking dance number. <br /> <br /> In addition, it's such a pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams in the role of Lester, the owner of the tavern and smooth narrator of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a pile of money. (Where did he hide?) But would I choose this film as a Valentine's Choice? Leon's search for an easy life changed him so deeply that I had to wink at our "Ladies Man". That he can, at the end of the film, find true happiness with a woman, while offering his strange advice, dream!
