Sometimes they are lucky and have a hit on their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most often, they have failures (it's Pat that comes to mind quite quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows in the role of The Ladies Man. This film is between a hit and a miss. It was a lot of fun for the first 20 minutes, but then, as it usually happens with SNL skits, it starts to slow down, before it ends, well after it should have. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man. He answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the most cruel way possible. Everything seems to finally fall in the ass. After pressing the buttons of the station manager, Leon and his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) get fired and have to find another job. A random letter from one of his former ladies comes out of random blue. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem being that the letter is not signed. Leon must find all the women he went to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams stands before you. There is also a sub-plot about a group of men whose wives / girlfriends have all slept with Leon, and they want to first find out who he is (by a tattoo he has on a part of his anatomy) and then kill him. Surprise, it's the surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought the subplot was rather lame. Singing and dancing were absolutely worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell but here he never clicked for me. And the other guys were just gaffes who followed and ended up deciding that the fact of having cheated on them by their wife or their girlfriend was actually their fault. So back to the main story. The story is essentially centered on Leon and sex. So, if you do not like Leon's character, you will not like the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue are what brings the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL. The only thing I really liked about him was his sketches of Ladies Man. But the best thing about these is that they usually involved the guest host (do you remember the one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really fun. What I thought was good about the character in the movie was that he stayed in the character all the way through. He never quit his desire to pretend to be an impolite guy. Until the very end, where there has been this transformation and the ever present discourse to link things. Other than that, it was pretty good to keep Leon as Leon and not turn him into something less crude than him. This movie does not have much substance, if you can not guess it. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the movie seemed very funny to me. Some real moments of laughter, revolving around sex and its rudeness. Of course, the problem with this movie and most other SNL fallout is that it's about characters that are only supposed to be shown for a few minutes at a time. Extending the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously the reason why they needed the sub-plot, because without it, this film would have been a little less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it became boring. <br /> <br /> So overall, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but not as good as the others. There were fun times, the first 20 minutes were good, but the rest was long. There was a useless sub-plot whose sole purpose was to lengthen the film. In the end, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you can watch the movie. If he annoys you, do not even bother to go. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in beautiful, revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
