As superficial as it may seem, I actually delayed my viewing of "The Barbarians" several times, simply because the VHS coverage (as well as the image posted here on the website) is incredibly cheerful! At present, I would have liked to have seen it earlier because the movie is not so gay ?? just trash, cheesy, campy and a lot of fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of "Cannibal Holocaust", was at the origin of this comic collection on the popular contemporary Sword & Sandal fantasy films, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan films. The film begins with a wonderful off-screen narrator who introduces us to the Ragneks. Their founder has already traded a whole mountain of pure gold against a ruby ​​of magical power that would allow them to travel freely and access all countries as an artist. In other words, the Ragneks are a bunch of traveling circus monsters! Their happiness is suddenly interrupted when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Queen of the Ragneks, the Canaries, and tries to uncover the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a funny waste of time, the two orphan twin brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and they are not prepared to fight to the death. Instead, however, they escape and develop a plan to free their queen. In fact, the plot is not as bad as I originally feared, but the most fun is still provided by the beefcake brothers' on-screen chemistry, wildly inane dialogues and, of course, whimsical monsters absolutely whimsical, like a dragon with an adorable love. cute eyes, a kind of werewolf creature and zombies that seem to come out randomly from the swamp. The effects of soundtrack and makeup are excellent and our almighty director, Deodato, maintains a frighteningly fast pace. The acting abilities of Brother Barbare are much better than I expected, except that one of them constantly produces gross sounds. The support distribution is also beautiful. Eva Street has never looked as beautiful as the wild and witty Cara, Virginia Bryant is indeed mesmerizing, as Richard Lynch says many times, and the lovely Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on the film as vicious witch with a donut-shaped hair style (I'm not kidding!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" features Michael Berryman, the favorite of all, Eyes in the Hills, as Dirtmaster. I know that the photo displayed looks much more interesting than a promotion campaign of the musical version on the rise and fall of the village people, but "The Barbarians" is really a highlight of Italian exploitation .
