THE GREAT JOURNEY is a sweet film miracle, a work rendered deeper by its sobriety scenario writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which allows to see the natural landscape of this story of "road trip" and the sophisticated game of stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to bring the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is very skilfully reinforced by Katell Djian's cinematography (a sensitive mix of travel panoramas of closely photographed backgrounds and duos) and by Fowzi Guerdjou's score, which retains beautiful themes throughout the film. by paying tribute to the film. many local musical variations from the many countries studied by the film. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in the south of France, a young student with a western girlfriend who does not seem to follow the religious orientation of his legacy. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) decided it was time for his Hajj to go to Mecca. Unable to drive, Reda would be reluctant to give up her personal needs and lead her to her ultimate religious obligation. The two men left in a fragile car to cross France, Italy and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Throughout the trip, Reda asks her father to visit some interesting sites, but her father remains focused on the purpose of the trip and Reda is irritated to have to fight against the demands of his father. During their pilgrimage, they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who attaches to the two men and must eventually be abandoned by Reda, a Turk, Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promises to guide the father / son duo, but causes on the contrary, a schism. by having Reda drink in a bar and disappearing, as well as countless border guards and customs officers who delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son rise: Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and mishaps, and the father can not understand the insensitivity of Reda to the beliefs and religious needs of the father. They finally arrive in Mecca, where they are surrounded by a host of pilgrims from all over the world and the feeling of the importance of the journey is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story ends is touching and rich in meaning. It took a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between the son and the father and between challenge and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary, especially as the appearance of the camera gives the impression of capturing the beauty of the many crossing points without having to improve them. with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a superb actor (be sure to see his most recent film and currently being screened, "The son of the grocer") and it is his carefully nuanced role that brings magic to this film. Another good film from The Film Movement, a tender story told with brio. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
