If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can say that the opening of an RAF bomber at Lancaster on May 2, 1945 is mortally unlikely, since the German anti-aircraft defenses were as alive as Adolph Hitler that day, but that it's not the case. a film that should be watched by a cynical audience and I suppose that a character who was killed during the last hours of the war adds to the poignant character. In fact, you would have had to survive the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell's and Pressburger's masterpiece. Are the scenes of the sky painfully seen today? Again, you need to watch the movie of the context at the time of its creation. The RAF Bomber Command lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number as America in Nam, but for a shorter period and a much smaller pool of active combatants, there was no atheists in a fox burrow and I doubt that you lost a parent during the conflict, you would see material atheism as a sensible thing. When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough looks down on him, many war heroes had to cry openly on this scene as they remembered the many failed comrades who had not survived the war. Let us not forget that, despite the loss of several million people from 1939 to 1945, it seems that very few people from Germany pass through the beaded doors. It is obvious that the Nazis do not go to paradise <br /> <br /> The plot itself, where the brave young pilot Peter Carter pleading for his life in a heavenly court would hardly have caught my attention if it was not the case. for the subtext, you see Matter or Life and Death is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British Empire as it is replaced by American ambitions. There is little evidence that the film was made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America. Even today, many Britons believe that the United States is mostly composed of Anglo-Saxon White Protestants, whereas in fact only 51% of Americans are "White Europeans". The film rightly contains a scene where a multitude of different races confess "I am an American" as Judge Peter, tried by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in The American War Of Independence. Regarding the "special relationship" between Britain and America - what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their story about Great Britain and America. Obviously, they also know their future. <br /> <br /> Do not forget to watch this movie with part of your mind in the past and part of your mind in the present. It's strange, beautiful, poignant and intelligent, but it's a film that would never work if it had been shot in the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the story unfolded in 2003 and concerned a British soldier killed in Iraq?
