After "A Dirty Shame", I never thought of going to see another John Waters movie. This film was really so bad, that I was convinced that all his films would be like that. But when the DVD of this film was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said it was an excellent movie, I still decided to try it. A few days later, it was broadcast on television. I filmed it out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this film, we see how a young "person" from Baltimore is making a splash in the art world in New York. He is a sandwich worker who photographs his strange family or things he regards on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first "exhibition" in the shop where he works, his photos are noticed by a gallerist who loves images full of misery and quirks. His photographs are sold at huge prices, but when he sees how his family, his friends and his strangers react to his success, he decides not to go to New York. They will have to come to see him if they want to see more. . And they do it, but what they can see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to to understand why I loved this movie much more than "A Dirty Shame." The first reason is that this movie has a real story.This movie really has something to say and is not meant to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the world of art, which considers everything out of the ordinary as art because they do not know what the reality is like, is not only funny, it is not so far from the truth, I guess there are many people who think of modern art this way, no one understands why they do it, but apparently we are all supposed to like it The second reason I liked this movie was that it was a lot better acting, I'm not saying that all you're going to see is awesome, but at least the characters make sense thanks to the performances of different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> Overall, this is not a good movie, but thanks to its reviews and some good jokes - which never really go too far - it's a nice movie. It's certainly not the best comedy of all time, but I loved it a lot more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this film a 6.5 / 10.
