Before this little black and white, the delicate subject of criminal rape has never been presented on the American screen. Hollywood and the Code of Production concealed many of these topics until the 1960s rebellions. So it is not surprising that the subject should be taken to a small independent company such as Ida Lupino's Filmmakers. The result is well intentioned but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since the director Lupino had to work with the requirements of the Code for the release of the film. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, Ann Walton's (Mala Powers) main problem with the aggression This is not how others might see her, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load she carries. Will she ever be able to reconnect with men? Will they consider it a "spoiled commodity" (after all, we are in 1950)? No wonder she is escaping rather than coping with these anxieties at home and at work, even though her family and friends generally support her. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. The pursuit is in a hurry to inject some action into the plot, but then it's a movie - notice how the foolish neighbor fails to respond to the horn honking towards the end of the chase. If these cries of alarm emanated from Powers, the lack of response from the neighbor would have raised an interesting problem, although more complicated. <br /> <br /> The second part is devoted to the production code in the sentimental person of Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (to quote a sentence) who "gives him the courage to face life again". There is some effort to humanize it - is it Ann or his dilemma that interests him the most? Nevertheless, his soft and comprehensive presence seems a little too miraculous and a bit too Hollywood. Fortunately, the end avoids the usual Hollywood trap by focusing only on the hope of a happy resolution for Ann rather than on her certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the subject in the first place. Given the overall results, I think she has treated the subject as frankly as possible. I also expect the audience today to find the treatment slightly interesting, mainly because of Powers' excellent performance that brings out the purely human drama. However, the film works better now as a document of its time and what the guardians of the culture of that time thought was appropriate to be watched by adults.
