I love that movie. Director Michael Powell once said that it was his favorite film, and that he also belonged to me. Powell and Pressburger have created a seemingly simple and superbly designed story: the power of love versus "power in place". However, his disappointment lies in the complexity of his principle "is it real or imaginary". Basically, one could argue that it is simply a representation of the effects of the war on a young poetic and inclined aviator during the Second World War. Where is it? The question is never answered in one way or another. In fact, it's never even asked. This continuous underestimation is part of the appeal of the film. <br /> <br /> Innovation in photography and cinematography even includes pretty touches reflecting the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger has always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young Viennese aristocrat of the 18th century. This is evident in the brief interlude in which the conductor 71, dressed in all his finery, holds the rose (which appears silver in the sky). The music even has a dream quality. <br /> <br /> All players are top notch - David Niven is the most charming player and enjoys the excellent support of veteran Roger Livesey and newcomer Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as a conductor 71. He has by far the most interesting role: to fill each of his scenes with his light innocence and to illuminate the film. It is unfortunate that certain scenes of the conductor 71 were left on the floor of the editing room. It's also unfortunate that Goring's comedian talents are rarely seen in the movies, except in the wonderful videos of the 1950's The Scarlet Pimpernel. This is by far the most memorable part of his film career. It's perfect for Niven's laid-back style, and his virtual exaggeration contrasts so well with the seriousness of the other characters. Ironically, also in the mid-1940s, Niven also played against another heavenly "messenger", performed by Cary Grant, in The Bishop's Wife. Their playing styles were so similar that I found the result boring, not very energetic and disappointing. Note that, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, first refusing the conductor 71. It's a good thing that he gives in and that he gives us such a charming portrait. <br /> <br /> The film, "commissioned" to iron out the tense relations between Britain and the United States, its goal is surpassed. But he disarms by gently recalling the horrors of war - the many casualties, both military and civilian, the need to "continue" in the face of death. The paradise of the "enemies" of the Second World War is blatant, but the civilians presented are of indeterminate origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their description, but it was not necessary. The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as hoped, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers as well as viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
