Some unsuspecting movies carry a message that resonates in the hours and days that follow. This is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a magnificent Spanish film of 2002, based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book to the script. War and its consequences are not a new topic for films, but when this war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who have to face adult life influenced by adult games, the result is different. and more tender examination of the cinematographic genre of maturity. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old American-American boy from New York. She returns with her seriously ill mother, Aurora (María Barranco) to her house in Aurora in 1938, at the height of the Spanish Civil War, a house abandoned by her father, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna), since the death of his wife. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who sided with Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert and Alfonso married the sister cold Aurores Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who stays away from her grandfather, Don Amalio, until she meets other people of her age, but not belonging to her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends have first regretted Carol, but as events unfold, Carol and Tomiche are bound by what appears to be the first awakenings of love. When Aurora dies from her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill). She turns to her grandfather for support and for her mother's best friend and teacher, Maruja (Rosa Maria Sardà, always radiant), to understand the disparity between classes and the senseless war that keeps her father well. loved on his side. In a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learned about the rigors of adult life and faced more trauma in a brief period of the war that most of us did not experience. during their lifetime. The end, though sad, is uplifting as Carol's journey to maturity is over. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains extraordinarily beautiful scenes captured by soft and sensitive lighting by the director of photography Gonzalo F. Berridi and enriched by the score of Bingen Mendizábal. The director Imanol Uribe understands the demarcation line separating the pathos from the bathos and, by choosing to focus the story on the children concerned, makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of the war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by the excellent actors veteran adult roles. It is visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much wider audience than it has to date. Grady Harp
