The opening has flourished their inventiveness - the modified version of the Archers logo, the introductory disclaimer, the way the camera sweeps the cosmos. It is strange to think that "It's a wonderful life" came out the same year. No coincidence: the 1940s were flooded with heavenly movies; but the glowing nebulae in cotton wool and the cute angels of the contest seem to be in tatters, it is better to move on silently when you stand beside Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> and more striking ideas came on us. I am not a big fan of color mixing with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes is almost always ugly when placed next to each other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a simple change of palette. Color photography and black and white could be autonomous. <br /> <br /> As far as history is concerned ... this is perhaps the best scenario of Pressburger, or at least it would have been possible to conclude more logical result of the previous events. Other than that, it's tight, but with more things than I can mention here. Was the heavenly substance real or imaginary? (Or both? Maybe Carter imagined a fantasy that is, as it happened, true). Everyone says that we are not supposed to ask or answer that question, but I do not see why. I am sure we are supposed to ask the question. The film even gives us clues about the answer. In fact, the problem is that there are too many clues that at first seem to point in different directions. The fact that other things must also occupy our attention does not mean that it should not occupy us equally. As I said before, a lot of things are happening. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heaven's prosecutor's lawyer) airs a cricket match on the radio and scornfully says: "England's voice, 1945." Dr. Reeves ( the defense) recognizes the exhibition with great embarrassment, then produces another: a blues song from America, that Farlan listens as if he had a lemon in his mouth. Reeves seems enough. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I do not see why it's posh to condemn the blues - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do, anyway. While the song is being played, we see the American soldiers listening to it: many of them nod their heads, punctuating their rhythm, perfectly at home. They do not find it incomprehensible. The song has something precious and neither Reeves nor Farlan know what it is. Reeves is probably aware of this. All English audiences (as well as all Australian, Indian, etc. audiences) know without being told that the spread of cricket also has value; and although Reeves understands CELA, he is unable to explain it to Farlan - hence the blues show, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing the understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. <br /> <br /> One more thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma he would have acquired later in his career; but even then, I do not think a film caught my heart so quickly after the action began, like this one.
