Did not Mystic Pizza win this year's Oscar? This film never had a chance, because of the casting, but maybe people can now understand why I felt so when I left the theater. Only "Wargames" left me the same trouble after my release from the theater, with the feeling that I was becoming a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The cast is a Cuisinart of popular culture of the 1980s: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed fugitive offered a chance to "run" for his freedom on the game show with the same title that the film; Richard Dawson in the role of Damon Killian, treating his role as if he were host to Family Feud with candidates using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Liberty" and his co-fighter, Professor Tanaka in "Subzero", the two "stalkers" who kill the "men running". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) introduce themselves, while the "dancers of the future" are none other than the Laker Girls. This film SCREAMS "80s". The plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the Running Man when informed that his buddies would be released. instead, they join him as "candidates". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the norm according to which Salma Hayek can be judged correctly in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The value of the production of the film was a little weak, the lines were lame and (at the time), the plot seemed a little far-fetched. I remember thinking, when I left the theater, that we were heading in the direction of the film, but who could have seen how far we would go and how fast? If The Running Man featured in TV Guide, most people would assume it was just another reality show pushing the envelope today. The influence of the government on the media has only worsened and the muted American public of the future who renounces all its freedoms for "national security" is downright scary. Arnold brilliantly plays Ben Richards as one of the few opponents of a government tyranny that the rest of America is all willing to accept in exchange for a good television and some gifts of thanks to the public. <br /> <br /> The movie was over the top, maybe even back then, but as in Back to the Future III, the "ravine" into which it was sinking in 1987 was replaced by tracks completed in 2006 and beyond, and This film will be one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, as in Wargames, the Academy did not give this brilliant script the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors acting seriously while being so pretentious that you want to throw up could win more Oscars, but that does not make them better movies than their "ordinary" counterparts, like this one. <br /> <br /> An absolute must.
