Arnold again in the 80s showed that he was the king of the action and that we were in this futuristic movie about a violent TV game where no competitor survives. But as the slogan says, Arnold has not played yet! The film begins in 2019, when the global economy collapsed and food and other important materials are scarce and a totalitarian state emerged, controlling all aspects of life through television and Police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against "stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to observe an ongoing food riot. His superiors order him to shoot at them, refusing to beat him up and throwing him in jail, waiting for them to slaughter the people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that earned him the name "Boucher de Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards and his friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) evacuated a detention area in which they worked. They go to the underground, under the direction of Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he prefers to live with his brother and find a job. Soon, he discovers that his brother was taken away for re-education and that a woman, Amber Mendez (Alonso), took her apartment. Knowing who he is, she will not help him, but he convinces her, but the police take her to the airport after taking her out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the Running Man is struggling to find the good news of the blood to be killed by the stalkers. Damon Killian (Dawson), the host of the show and one of the most powerful men in the country, sees Richards escape filming and is able to get him involved in the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the contract. You will love this part. But soon, he realizes they'll join him too and make sure Killian knows he'll be back. The Runners start to cross the Zones and fight memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually, Richards is joined by Amber who suspects he has been put up, but has been caught and thrown into the game too. Together, they find the underground, go to Killian and give him a farewell. <br /> <br /> The Running Man is another great 1980s Arnold film. The film was apparently based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some said the book is better. I'm sure it's not and I do not care anyway, I loved the movie. As in all of Arnold's films, acting is what you expect from classic Arnold and even Ventura liners. Some of them succeed. But, without a doubt, Richard Dawson is the star of the film. As a true game show host, he easily spoofed himself and created a cool-blooded character. The whole film itself tears apart the TV games and the big brother looks at you. Keep an eye on them for fun and some old shows, "hate boat" among others. In addition, the actors were great, except Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, do not forget the teachers Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the nonsense of reality TV, it's almost better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals would make a movie about the "Evil Bush". On the new DVD, most of the mediocre extras met the stalkers, who were the only ones exchangeable. Some how the ACLU has managed to insert some of its communism into the DVD and it's a laughable trash that should not be anywhere near a Arnold movie. Blasphemy! In general, for all Arnold fans, especially for us who grew up in the 80s, you can not miss that. It's one of the first I've seen in the 80's and it's still great today. The futuristic world and the humor are great. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of its best.
