Among all the Arnold films in the mid-80s that would have thought the most relevant today would be The Running Man. A scary and surprisingly realistic story of reality TV gone crazy. It may have been far-fetched at the time, but not now. Not when you think about it. At the moment, reality shows scratch the bottom of the barrel or are desperate to raise the bar. If the next is not more controversial than the last, it's a failure. How long will it take to really see shows like The Running Man? How long does it take before we have "court-appointed theater lawyers" or the Department of Justice's entertainment division? There is so much satire and intelligence in this film that may have been missed in 1987 and that it is desperate to see again, given the current state of television programming. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is "You're being lied to." It's no secret that the government and the media are working in the mood, and the masses believe what the The media tell them to believe, this is a very frightening situation and, unless more accurate representations of the truth emerge, we could easily accept a show as brutal as that of Running Man in the near future. It's a secret that reality TV is not very realistic, it's edited and reshaped before it's released, and that's just what networks want you to see - it's usually far from the truth. <br /> <br /> Although this is quite different from Stephen King's book (the end is completely different), the script conforms to Arnie's typical formula, yes, he has many and many one-liners nerdy and he really says "I'll be back" (which he does not never REALLY said it all the same, when you think about it) in the most ironic situation to date, but there is always a zillion. once in the role while Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believes it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each set a rather cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) was attached before Glaser, although no matter the director, the film is still marked by a very heavy feeling of 80's. <br /> <br /> First of all, Harold Faltermeyer's score (remember him?) is incredibly dated and deprives the action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the film's sense of fashion is far too excessive to be convincingly placed in the future. Aside from the feeling of date, the only other thing that bothers me is the poorly organized shooting that serves as a highlight. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a thousand times better than the original version. No more horrible picture of the mailbox. In its place is a brand new 1.85 high-definition anamorphic transfer: 1. The colors flicker and literally come off the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtracks are also amazing. The surround channels are constantly used wisely and the bass is strong and powerful. Certainly one of the best re-masters I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a gimmick "Meet the Stalkers" are included in this set of 2 discs presented in a rather neat case.
