I'm still new to Krimi and the only one I've seen before is this one from The Dead Eyes of London, older and somewhat disappointing, which did not really inspire great hope for the rest of the band . kind of me. If I had seen this one first, the feeling would have been different, because The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and rather delirious crime movie; it's a lot of fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that introduces so many strange and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to achieve it in style. The film begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist has invented a new highly poisonous poison that kills his victim and gives him the impression of dying of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal brain that comes out of the prison common criminals to commit his murders using this poison (and then put back in prison). As the title suggests, it is a close college filled with girls that provides most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red dress who loafs around him breaking his neck with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course, with a plot like that; This is not really a serious matter and the director knows it very well, because the film has a very ironic tone, which bodes well for the plot. The fact that there are so many different aspects in the plot unfortunately means that everything is not going well. Although this is not a big problem, things are going well throughout the film and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is superb and the color palette presented is also excellent. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and the man clearly has a great imagination. the places used are also superb, and even if the lair of a killer adorned with a host of wild and exotic animals may be of no importance to the plot, it is useful to give the film a thing "more. You can not expect a conclusion that is perfectly logical after all that happens in this movie. but the reason for the killings has some sense and is a satisfying way for the film to reach its peak. Overall, College Girl Murders is an excellent little mysterious movie highly recommended!
