Prussic Gas, a murderer dressed in a red clan suit and a white whip balaclava, and the murders of college girls at the hands of paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious brain that conceals his face in an office containing turtle aquariums and fish. The inspectors of Scotland Yard, Higgins (I Joachim Fuchsberger) and his superior, Sir John (Siegfried Schuenberg) are certainly full of hands in this affair. Everything seems to center around the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when she turns 21, will inherit a lot of wealth. The girls who are targeted share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murder remains a mystery that the best must understand. The girls' dormitory staff all seem to be hiding something and some of the faculty members are the prey of the murderer dressed as a red monk, talented enough to throttle the necks of those whipped. A mysterious command to two prisoners to use the newly created toxic gas, created by a murdered scientist at the beginning of the film, during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. It is an intelligent ploy where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner), meets the convicts (who are hiding in a barrel) assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Blindfolded in the secret room of the brain, he gives them orders on who to kill and how. The discovery of this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John, as it will lead them to the truth they are looking for with regard to the murders and why they occur. One suspects the director of the girls' dormitory, her brother author, a sweaty and incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a nosy gardener and the Bannister. Some are hunts red until they are eliminated, throwing the viewer for a loop each time until the real brain is discovered. The end has several twists. <br /> <br /> Among the Krimi films I've seen, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a giallo with its colorful killer, a complicated plot that leaves plenty of surprises and potential suspects, and sordid shenanigans between adults and college girls in the dormitory. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this Krimi movie with the secret hideout of the ugly brain with an alligator pit (which is not used), the fake water gun / bible, Once opened, fire the face of the frightened victims, the Royles Royce of Greaves, whose latches make the blinds darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the observation ports that allow to spy the girls in their room and during their bathing. Many might consider Sir John a liability because of his jesterish, jesterish behavior and the way he often undermines Higgins' ability to discover the truth (... perhaps make fun of the British all-inspector who harms more than solving it). I thought it was used to relieve comedy, especially for its attempts to psychoanalyze suspects and potential victims, often misunderstanding what was being told. Higgins, using the skills acquired during his years as an investigator, follows the clues / facts rather often, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Alfred Vohrer, a trustworthy, keeps the pace at a good speed and his scenario is filled with interesting characters and lugubrious content ... the fact that so many adults surrounding the dormitory are suspicious, none of them did the one brandishing the whip or calling the shots behind the executions of these murdered girls. I would say that this is perhaps one of the best examples of the Krimi genre (.. if not the best), because it lets you guess, always a plus in his sleeve ... the revelations discovered at the very end are enough eyes -Opening (.. and you even get a literal unmasking of the real brain pulling the strings to top it off).
