This is probably the German "Krimi" series Edgar Wallace, which presents the fastest pace and action, and is a cross between Dr. Mabuse's films from the crime drama series and pop thrillers of the years. 60, like Batman and The Man from UNCLE. He reintroduces the outrageous villain of a previous film who dons the coat of an elegant monk and breaks the neck of the victims with the curl of a deadly whip. Settled in a school of posh girls filled with middle-aged horny teachers, and with cops caressing their hot secretaries at every opportunity, it's a step back for those wonderfully politically incorrect times. The excellent giallo "What will happen to Solange?", Which is also related to another Wallace film, has a certain link with the fact that the students are corrupt (and corrupt?) Their elders. Quite appropriate for the monks' theme, the evil master-spirit uses bibles trapped here to inflict some of the blows of death and also maintains a dungeon filled with reptiles to amuse his captive audiences. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and visually flamboyant director, and dark color cinematography is the real star of the show. The monk appears in a delirious scarlet cap and dress, neatly emphasizing the lustrous white whip, while appearing on purplish night backgrounds. There is also a turquoise pool for the voyeurs that looks great, both as a bright spot for nubile students and as a dark backdrop for one of the murder scenes. The "kicker" brand of hiding the "Ende" card somewhere in the background of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there is a nice tart and twangy score for retro music fans. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will certainly miss the casual character Eddie Arent in these latest films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John assumes the role of jester, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking a few evening classes. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski had also moved on. The krimis had lost some of their subversive, offbeat charm at this point and were now working on a much more blatant level of pop culture, which would make it quite accessible to uninitiated viewers.
