Another movie about Pokemon has arrived on theaters and, again, I hear the same old message: "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." Critics of the franchise could not be more wrong. The children are still playing the trading card game, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games and want to see "Pokemon the 4th movie". <br /> <br /> "Pokemon the 4th movie" presents two other "legendary" Pokémon: Suicune, the "north wind" of the tradition, and Celebi, guardian of the forest (and star of the show). Celebi is transported and a boy named Sam, 40 years old in the future, where the Pokemon Ash coach, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash quickly become friends, once they have discovered each other's love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage pokeball with screwed top is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, the Team Rocket agent, Vicious, who is aptly named, is determined to capture Celebi for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where is Suicune in the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have a bigger role in this movie than before? And who is really Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As in the first 3 movies, if you decide to hate it, anyway, just because it's Pokemon (or just your child / niece / nephew / little brother / and you have "dragged" in), then you will hate it because you have decided that you want to hate it. That may be true, but throwing blindly "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it's a Pokemon movie, and especially without having seen it, is just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every detail of the Pokemon world. I'm not saying that you will become a fan of Pokemon because of this movie, but you CAN enjoy it, if you allow me. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon the 4th Movie" is distributed by Miramax, whom I've already heard about, who also works to secure the rights of the fifth Pokemon movie, released this been in Japan. Miramax claims to have an extra-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I've seen so far is a limited and limited version, which does not include the usual Pikachu short film at the beginning, that I was really looking for. transmit at this moment. I hope that Miramax will deem Pikachu's short film Pikachu's "Exciting Hide-and-Seek" at least on the DVD / VHS version, without the future larger version of "Pokemon The 4th Movie". I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
