The late 30s and early 40s were a golden age for adventure movies, with rising budgets during the economic recovery, changes to screen entertainment since the code came into effect of production and general optimism without worries of the time. While most of them were screaming boasters about wild, superhuman and often frankly misogynistic heart-wrenching exploits like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in purpose, reach, and tone. <br /> <br /> The secret of Gunga Din is the division of labor in his editorial team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most talented and famous writers of Hollywood's Golden Age. However, the script itself was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of them, especially Guiol, who had a background in comedy. What we get from these four projects is a balanced and engaging scenario, but also cleverly spiced with comic touches. Most of the adventure movies of this era were at least partly comedies, usually featuring one or two comical players, but they did not make fun of how Gunga Din did. Here, all the main characters can be objects or creators of jokes. We see the sinister threat of the wicked suddenly disseminated as the scene dissolves into a light fight. The first main battle scene is a balanced mix of action and gags, much like Douglas Fairbanks' father-in-law silent fanfare, which Flynn and Power vehicles generally do not reproduce. Towards the middle of the Gunga Din, the action must necessarily take a break and there are many scenes of debate for the plot. However, the continual incursions into the comedy ?? like the enriched punch routine? make this part "slow" bearable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was natural when it came to this sort of thing, having himself made his debut in Hal Roach's studios and almost exclusively directed comedy up to this point. It was his first feature film and he does a surprisingly good job. In particular, his use of moving point-of-view shots makes the battle scenes even more exhilarating. It also brings something that you rarely see in the action pictures of this era? a feeling of real terror and fear. He puts this in place with these steep and threatening mountains that dominate many shots and naughty characters. The representation of the abandoned village and the Thuggee followers shout "Kali!" is really obsessive. This dimension of fear plays into all the other emotions that are at work here, which worries us for these nice characters and makes the comedy a greater relief of tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius lies in the way the eponymous hero is presented to the public. We are visually informed about Din because he occupies a prominent place in several scenes before any of the characters speak to him or verbally refer to him. This gives us the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable character for us, and especially friendly, as we see him risking his life and giving water to the dying. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of screenwriters and directors are useless without a competent cast. Do not worry, because Gunga Din has one of the best! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were perfectly suited to the subject, their best roles generally being between drama and comedy. Grant in particular is at its best, largely credible, but just occasionally get into that toad and over-top-top toad that was his hallmark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite up to his fellow heavyweights, but he is by no means bad. And of course, there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his looks to play these weird little things forever, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I did not set out to tell the virile adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and many of their images are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of these brave could never achieve. Not only does he get rid of his masculine lead role or his cliché provocative maid, but he successfully fuses the genre of action with comedy and poignantness, as few pictures have done before or since. And it's fabulous.
