I did not know for some time in my youth all that we could usually know about this film, but it's not the ways of making a film that caught my attention, which made this film the one of the most appreciated films, even at this time. The day I have ever seen was heroism, bravery, and the honor of serving in His Majesty's service. The Sgt.Cutter in defense of the Uniform that he would also sacrifice his life to escape a danger as they were threatened by the troop with the appearance of this group of refugees. <br /> <br /> To be certain, Sgt. Cutter is the kind of individual that you could suggest, then you observe this unequivocal belief not only in each other but also in Her Majesty the Queen of England.I think of all her desire for money and the nature that this character was great. A brave, courageous and reckless soldier who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in that role, really a very capable rendering made convincing by the uniform he wore. I never felt that Ballantine was a naked man, trusting in their assumptions that it might be good not to close your eyes too much, because it's still just an image. What do I mean ? This picture is still just a movie and looks like the time when these events unfold so the picture was made, give a glimpse of how things went and why or why there are so many different opinions about this film that will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal between the two men from time to time. These three men seem to be doing things pretty well and I think it's a useful, if not pleasant, interlude when Ballantine has a date with his destiny or so, it seems I think it's very appropriate when society has escaped the claws of death at Tantrapur and she is dragging tails at the approach of the main street. He goes to the regimental post when Ballantine lets the other two know that he is leaving the service, getting married and getting into the tea industry. Ms. Chesney says he could sign up for another nine years. He will make him a man. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is any doubt about what it means to have brave, courageous and trustworthy soldiers who represent your best interest. These interests are so well placed as to what is important in this world that I appreciate this image today as much as maybe when I was ten years old. I had never known the veracity of this film until recently, when I went down in history and found information about Kali. There is much to learn, but once everything is said about the historical significance of the goddess of Kali, this film takes a quality that I call intelligence. It's a very honest attempt at what we're trying to do. I think it's a great movie. George Stevens realized. <br /> <br /> There are some things to know. I do not think that all the information will please the story, but when the journalist Mr. Kenipling can be very emotional because everything else is made up of characters, but this is Rudyard Kipling. George Stevens has gone beyond to evoke a moment and a moment where these events really happened.The information is honest, convincing and it will not only attract you but you must understand why we love so much Gunga Din.There has the Black Watch in the distance and is approaching a certain danger and possible defeat unless the troop can not be prevented. Sergt.Cutter is seriously injured and Ballantine and MaChesney are detained. . A deep wound at the base of the back caused by a bayonet sunk deep into his body from behind responds to the need to warn the colonel of the imminent threat. In an effort worthy of our most sincere desires in this life, Din climbs slowly and manages to climb the belfry which constitutes the top of the temple of the tug.The sound of the horn of Gunga Dins allows the army which approaches it to be prevented. A very big one a large-scale battle ensues and the The enemy is annulled. It is such a dramatic and tense position that, while Gunga Din was lying on the ground, on a pile of rocks that his bullet-riddled body shows, Sgt.Cutter says his work is good. Soldier a more dramatic moment or one where we learn what the sacrifice means then when the troop is warned of imminent danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climatic, it is to tell who Gunga Din is and what he means now to honored men in uniform for whom he has willingly sacrificed.Ballantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his enrollment papers, which makes MaChesney very happy that the colonel is honest, places the enrollment documents in his pocket to be treated Colonel says, at the place where All of us are now together, all of us have had enough soldiers for a long day, and we have made other comments about the pleasure of their defense efforts. Ms. Chesney stated that he would prefer the colonel here to get a bloomin medal.This is a very sober point and then it comes to Din.Now here is a man who has no status in reality then i will name him a corporal and his name will be written on the rolls of our dead honored. The poem was read as if it had just been written by Kipling himself who stands near the tomb with the colonel and the rest of the men. Gunga Din Bravo!
