Anyone with a young boy at home who does not want to watch black and white movies should put this on his TV. When the child walks past him and wonders what all the screams and shots on the screen are talking about, tell him it's an adult photo and he's not tall enough to watch it again. This will hold him for a few minutes. director George Stevens and his team will keep it to the end. <br /> <br /> I think my dad did that to me, anyway, and I'm the best for that. This classic thread of adventure, which takes place in India during the British occupation, presents a trio of sergeants of the army who see their close union threatened with dissolution before marrying with his love. Relief comes in the form of a violent Thuggie revolt against which the soldiers find themselves united. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" is one of the best movies of the most beautiful year of Hollywood, 1939. Even more than most of the good movies of this golden year, it's entertaining to a very immediate and accessible way. The musical theme is instant hummable nirvana. Although shot in California, the work of the camera (the only thing in "Gunga Din" that has had so many Oscar nominations) has a wind-blown splendor that looks a lot like the Raj from a hundred years ago. The fight scenes are filmed very realistically, not too violent but very messy, because people fall, shoot and run in every corner of every frame in a real way, and are not staged like some slaughter festivals Bible of Cecil B. DeMille. The scenario is not limited to creating action scenes, it also develops the relationship between the three sergeants with a lot of humor. The focus is on Sgt. Cutter, chasing great stories of gilded treasures. It's a rare actor for Cary Grant, and his lightness is perfect for a film that never takes itself seriously even if it develops a suspense. <br /> <br /> Anchoring the trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who loves his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own disordered projects. He's just as funny in his own way, leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., with a pretty picture of Errol Flynnish) as being the one with the interest of love and sufficiently grounded to know that he needs to crush his boyfriends and grow up. <br /> If "Gunga Din" It was a Lifetime movie, it would be Joan Fontaine's efforts to save his man from his two losing friends and their skull crushing their hijinks. But since it's a guy movie, the focus here is on how the trio must stay together and save Ballantine from a fate worse than death, not just the wedding, but as Cutter exclaims to several times, the tea business too. Politically correct police are tough on this film, not so much for gender equality as for the idea that British soldiers are saving poor Indians from vicious Thuggies. He stinks of colonial apology. Fortunately, this film was shot at the time and the producers did not need to specify the obvious liberalism that is at the heart of the film, namely that these three sergeants, so full of derring-do and false pride racial, must be saved. with the rest of their army by a humble bhisti only one of the three had time to ask for his approval. After all, in spite of all their glory, the true sacrifice of the film involves the main character, interpreted in such a heartbreaking way by Sam Jaffe. <br /> <br /> At the time this film was shot, the film mogul Jack Warner had a saying: You want to send a message, use Western Union. Yet it seems that the messages were flying fast and furious in "Gunga Din". I watch the movie now and wonder if the audience at the time was supposed to wonder what Gunga Din was really doing when he drove Cutter to the Golden Temple. Was he really getting revenge on his British lords? Would it have been justified to do so, especially if MacChesney had been coldly treated? When Colonel Weed pronounced this eulogy, Rudyard Kipling's poem on which the film is based is a nod to the folly of imperialism, which consists in dominating it by someone who has revealed himself "better than me" end? What did they do to the great guru's speech, pronounced in a perfectly cut English: "You have sworn as a soldier to die for a religion, perhaps your country, England." Well, I can die for My country and for my faith willingly like you ... India, goodbye. "<br /> <br /> Of course, the same character also asks his brutal adepts:" Kill for the sake of killing! Kali's Love Kill Kill Kill! Which means that we are allowed to hate and defend the British, and to avoid questions about what all this means for later. <br /> <br /> What "Gunga Din" means to me is the fastest. , 90 minutes of thrills in video. Cutter has never found his golden temple, but there is one for all of us who are watching "Gunga Din".
