I would love to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state, I can only go on 8/10. The post-code edition (read: destroy) of this film deserves a demerit in 2 points. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of the film's story, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that finally broke the camel in 1934. (I do not know what was the other movie.) As a result, the film in its original version was never allowed to be reissued after 1934. It was cut and edited in bits, and no original version exists today. The best we can see today is the version presented by TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but it is blatantly mounted in several scenes and its "happy ending" is really disappointing. <br /> <br /> All of the above being said, the movie is still very good and very fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful. she owns all the movie! She embodies a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father who jostled her with the ironworkers of Erie, the Palestinian Authority, as well as the local political class. speakeasy i will let you sleep with my daughter '. When the father dies in a fiery explosion at the beginning of the film, Stanwyck's smile has no price. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with his maid and goes to New York. She is aiming for a skyscraper and literally starts to reach the top. Starting with the human resources employee, she sleeps with him to get a first-line position at the bank. From there, she sleeps with man after man (including a very young John Wayne) using every new man to help him find a better-paid job on a higher floor of the skyscraper, with more and more bosses more powerful investing sugar in the back. Stanwyck does not stop at anything in his ascent. It is very amusing to see her and her maid in more elegant apartments and clothes, while Stanwyck climbs the upper echelons of the company. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulator, vixen in this movie! If you watch this film, I recommend you stop when you see George Brent's character (Courtland Trenholm) dying in Stanwyck's arms. Skip the remaining 3 minutes! The happy end of the film for post-code viewers is an insult to audience intelligence and ridicule: bank board members sit around a table exposing the gift of a million dollars from Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm to the bank and their happy but poor life in Erie, with former Vice President Trenholm now working in the steel mills - cut exactly on the same footage from a steel mill that we saw at beginning of the movie - "The End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW BLADE! The film originally ended with George Brent's suicide attempt. I think the ending fits much better with the movie's overall feel than the post-code ending. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that a copy of the original version of this film, before the Code, will be discovered during my life. Lifetime (update: the original HAS has been found and should be released on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will take advantage of the TCM version and turn it off before the end of the lame post-code.
