Alfred Green's "Baby Face" melodrama, starring Barbara Stanwyck, is one of the best-known pre-code films. These films were produced before the production code administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934. Writers Gene Markey and Midnight Mary of "Inspiration" Kathryn Scola wrote the screenplay, based on Mark's story. Canfield, on the rise and fall of a movie. girl who used her sexual charms to gain wealth and position in society. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym of producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These pre-code films seem to be somewhat doubtful, but they aroused much controversy and contained more racy material than most movies until the late 1950s, when the Code began to erode. Filmmakers explore the following themes: women against men, women against women and women against society. Our clever protagonist does enough to make all the themes nearly equal. <br /> <br /> Nick Powers, Lily's worthless father, runs an illegal bar during Prohibition, when the Thirteen Amendment banned the liquor, and prepares his own drink in a still. Nick is such a hateful guy who excretes his beautiful daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck of Night Nurse), who works hard, but Lily refuses to help her father with a shady local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of "Private Detective 62") promises to avenge Lily's refusal to take him over. Later, Nick hangs up his rebellious daughter. Lily blames him. "Yeah, I'm a tramp and who's to blame?" "Father, you gave me a radiant start, nothing but dirty, rotten men and men, and you are lower than any of them. . " No sooner has she stormed than Nick dies when his man explodes and kills him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") pack their bags and catch the first city left by a cargo. <br /> <br /> As soon as our heroines arrive in New York Lily uses her charm to get a job at a bank. Visually, director Green shows Lily's astute ascent in the ladder with shooting angles rising until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily broke a marriage between bank agent Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his fiancée, Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade"), after Stevens almost dismissed her for having flirted. Chief, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille of "His Wives") in the toilets of the employees. Lily is extremely skilled and manages to get out of every breakup better than before. The board of trustees hires Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to assume the presidency of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is pay Lily instead of letting her publish her entries in her diary about the bank's top executives. In addition, Trenholm sends Lily to their branch in Paris, where Lily does not stir before Trenholm's arrival and they become romantically attached. Lily fights tooth and nail for everything she has had and does not like to throw everything away, but she sacrifices everything in the end for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily returns to the same city she started, but she and Trenholm are happy now. "Baby Face" is one of the five best pre-code movies. Look for John Wayne in a suit and tie in a scene.
