The preliminary version of "Baby Face" of 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Framed by a Nietzsche professor, Lily Powers goes from a life of easy virtue to the word of her father to a rapid rise in a large bank. Because every rung of the ladder is an executive with the brain under the belt and its ethics locked in the safe, the film has no casualties, except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by a exploitative abusive father. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive of using men to advance without worrying about their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she targets readily betray women and fiancés to exchange jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps the bank failures of the 1930s were less due to the economy than to morally corrupt settings distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly and the camera moves from one window to another in a fun way. as Lily always goes higher. Barbara Stanwyck reveled in hard and difficult roles, and she is at the top of her game here. The feeling is not needed when it is ready to climb the next bar. Only his African-American confidante, Chico, receives Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In a more enlightened era, the beautiful natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have incited men to throw her furs and penthouses. Stanwyck often appears too much made up and stiffly styled compared to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's stern behavior, obvious tactics and artificial face, she manages to leave a trail of fooled and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The favorite version "Baby Face" is the restored 76-minute cup. The editing version of the film turns timidly hard facts, that the long cut renders and makes explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a false name, intended to draw a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite Alphonse Ethier's lectures and advice not to be defeated, Lily's power and money probably owed more to her education and to her father than to her teacher mentor. However, philosophy is only a distraction. Short, rhythmic and entertaining, "Baby Face" is as contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street". Replace Nietszche with Gordon Gecko, and Lily could have declared that her philosophy was: "Greed is good".
