This one is considered a key pre-code movie ?? the director who later made the musical biopic THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid science fiction film INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and stars one of Barbara Stanwyck's best roles in the beginning. <br /> <br /> It is supported by an excellent cast that includes popular actors and performers of popular characters of the day ?? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward Van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point Stanwyck with the nickname holder, derived from a popular song that gets along constantly) in the first category and, in the second, Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (his former mentor - more on this later), Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as that chef and father of Cook right, that Stanwyck also seduces). Curiously, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were then removed at his own request when the film had problems with the censors! <br /> <br /> Under the effect of a crack, that is to say a typically hard dialogue and the realistic settings of Anton Grot, the story contains unexpected nuances of Nietzschean philosophy provided to our heroine of the small town by the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complains of him in the beginning that she is not a "ball of fire" which, of course, contradicts her by the later comedy directed by Howard Hawks starring Gary Cooper's name!). Under the auspices of Ethier, she quickly transformed herself into a character essentially heartless, determined that nothing would oppose her success; The symbolic representation of his rise in the New York firm with which she ended up working recalls that of the same sardonic. referring to the thirst for power of an ambitious statesman? in October of Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! On a sociological level, it is also interesting to note that Stanwyck is constantly being taken for the maid / his black companion. <br /> <br /> The first two thirds of the movie are just great; At first, I found the last stages a little disappointing ?? because I expected Stanwyck to take flight by falling in love with the character of George Brent, introduced late, while he ignores it - but, like the others, he is soon under his spell! During the second viewing, however, this aspect seemed less shocking. as it is obvious that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths that her selfish behavior provoked and that her mandate in Paris softened her (even if she tries to cling to her hard-won fortune as long as possible). <br /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of their banned collection, VOLUME 1, the film is presented according to two remarkably different montages ?? a preliminary release recently released and optimized printing of the theatrical release. Among the many scenes filmed in this last figure is a dialogue about Stanwyck's life at the age of 14 (although this is heard in the trailer that accompanies it!), While many other scenes have been shortened (that is to say, censored for their content): the violent blow that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she has resisted her advances; seduction in the railway car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised with Stanwyck by Cook; shooting, followed by suicide (only shots are heard in the shortest version); Stanwyck thinks of his conquests while reading the phonograph (again, only Brent appears in the theatrical version), and so on. Does the latter use spare outlets for certain scenes? and includes a shot of the city establishment that lacks the long version; however, we also get a happy ending, of course (the preliminary version suddenly announces a very effective open note) and a warning letter just as convincing as the one sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, whose main function is to substitute all references to Nietzsche!
