"Baby Face" is a preconfigured melodrama featuring a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. This is a girl who goes to town to save time ... or should I say take the time. Stanwyck's father cursed her for one reason or another throughout her life in Erie, Pennsylvania, depressed, depressed and filthy. After the death of his father, an elderly father who knows what he has lived and cares about his future, advises him to move to a big city and seize the opportunities there. - and not the easiest ones - and take the high road of life. . (Note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut version - this part of the movie was redone for the censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the road is softer. and will lead her where she wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the film, the camera makes us climb the ladder taking us from one floor to another while Lily sleeps to the top. She finally corrects the big man himself and is able to quit his day job. The problem follows, and she is soon involved in a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of makeup and for the most part the film is cool like a cucumber because she seduces one man after another without any regrets, and she is great at playing the innocent victim. In one scene, she watches the ransom of a king in jewels, while wearing a black dress adorned with diamonds at the top. Then she asks Chico another case, filled with more jewels and titles. During a work day. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent. It could be minimized or glamorous. She was also a singer and a talented dancer. Here, she sings or hums the theme of the movie, "St. Louis Woman". She has worked in dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, her best work being at the time of precoding. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks often have fewer tasks to do in movies after it's in place. <br /> <br /> The precoded films could be more sexually flagrant and, therefore, even if they are over 70 years old. , seems more modern. Even if these films had no moral end, Baby Face learns its lessons - like life after all. There were several purposes of this film, all with the same message. The one I saw had an added scene, but apparently there were two other purposes that did not pass censorship. (There was no code but there were always censors.) Anyway, it's a nice surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of cinema - to see absolutely.
