I'm going to review the 2 films as a whole, because I think that's the way to look at it and watch it. When I talk about 'film', I'm talking about parts 1 and 2 together when looked at one after the other, as it should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. This film is a refreshing, bold, realistic and realistic film. And, this creates a new movie style. No fake drama. No soundtrack Swelling. No documentary style. Just blows and an attempt to stick to the facts. I was reading "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson and had just finished Fidel's biography on Auto, which helped me better absorb this movie. But I must say that it is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, penultimate, and wonderful biography that has given this film the appropriate historical foundation. Anderson was a consultant on this film (or these 2 films). What makes this movie a real thing is its cleanliness. No swelling music or slow motion photography to increase the drama, and more importantly; no fake documentary shaky camera. Square shots and straight shot style. The type of camera used makes you feel like in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should receive all the honors for that, I never doubted him as Che throughout the film ... not once. He did a great job and I will respect him forever for that. Some people complain that the movie only deals with 2 slices of his life and not at all. But I think this is one of the most beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. He does not try to "tell the story". A person's life is too complex to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. It is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it resists this temptation and remains focused on the intention to allow us to feel for Che, his spirit of militaristic development and the forces that surround him. It focuses on 3 time slices: the battle to defeat Batista, the American speech of Che and the preparations of the gorilla in Bolivia. "Moto Diaries" has already told his young man, and I congratulate S. Soderbergh to focus on other aspects. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the film remains true. The only weak link for me is the casting (not the performance) of Matt Damon. In a movie so loaded with true-to-life performances, an American (Matt Damon) playing a Bolivian is a clumsy piece - he does well, but after so much care in the cast, it was an over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the cast gives you, and especially the great work of Benicio Del Toro, has placed this film at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film went almost straight to the video says that it's something about how the Cold War ethic would never allow the "revolutionary Cuba" to become what she could have been, is always at work to keep her story silent. If it is not a means of extinguishing the underground, it is a must-see film, and "Che Guevara: a revolutionary life" is a film not to be missed. You have to read if you want to begin to understand the early effects on the overall mindset of expanding international / political financial failures decisions of the 1940s, 50s and 60s, which put unfair pressure on our South American neighbors and its effects. he favored.
