It's such a fantastic film, a western featuring a self-conscious man (Jimmy Stewart) who rides the Klondike for gold. Along the way, he is harassed by a local sheriff in Alaska (John McIntire, who gives a wonderfully evil performance), to whom he replies. McIntire threatens to become a dead man if he ever returns to his city, which is unfortunately the only way to return to the United States. The main part of the story is about the peaceful town of Dawson, Klondike, which is being turned upside down by new residents of the town of McIntire. Ruth Roman, for example, accompanied by Stewart and his two companions (Jay C. Flippen and Walter Brennen, who plays Stewart's best friend), builds a saloon (a Hollywood facade for a brothel) and tries to run the restaurant. the city. place of exit out of business. It also paves the way for McIntire and his henchmen. In 1953, Jimmy Stewart and director Anthony Mann made one of the most iconic summits of the Western genre, The Naked Spur. The Far Country is just a little less, and it contains 99.9% of what made this movie so special without, of course, feeling like a cheap copy. Like The Naked Spur, The Far Country has beautiful on-site cinematography. The landscape is wonderful. Stewart gives one of his best performances (almost equal to his greatest success of 1954, Rear Window). I suppose that could be considered a cliché, as he embarks on a selfish solitaire and learns how this type of existence is played out in the end. Still, Stewart plays it so well that he makes this character very human. And the secondary performances are universally fantastic. In addition to the ones I mentioned, the lovely French actress Corinne Calvet is very good. And I must also mention Walter Brennen. He seems to have specialized in the game of best friends. His relationship with Stewart is very moving, because he is, originally, the only character able to bring out all humanity in this cynical man. The script is very well written and Mann's direction is impeccable. A masterpiece. 10/10.
