The most brilliant thing about Che: the second part, as we start to integrate it in the first part in our mind, is that it does not explain why Che chose to escape confidentially from Cuba after the revolution, nor any reference to his experience of the Congo, no explanation as to why he chose Bolivia as the ultimate venue for a coup d'état, no reference to the political decisions he made in his youth as a motorcyclist across South America, to which Walter Salles brought a remarkable familiarity. Special attention is paid to Che, who meets the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. Yet, virtually no effort is made to distinguish them individually, to establish the relationships involved. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che leads an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind. But nothing suggests that he is deeply concerned about his men. It's the concept. <br /> <br /> In the first part, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the population of the villages, fed and hidden, supported in what will become a victorious revolution. Here in Bolivia, little understanding is apparent. The villagers expose it. They protect government troops, not his. When he exposes the biased side of the government medical system, his audience seems indifferent. You can not lead a people to revolution if they do not want to comply. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with Bolivians, but does not blame the United States for the collapse of Che. Che seems to have badly structured his fight and the place where he wanted to have it. <br /> <br /> In presenting the two wars, Soderbergh does not build his battle scenes in the form of actions giving specific results. The men of Che attack and are attacked. They exchange shots with distant assailants. There is usually a break for the group in the replica of the fight, his record does not pause. It's not a war movie. This is the reasonably unreasonable will of a man to bear. There is no elaborate cinematography. Soderbergh observes Che's unyielding dedication. There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots, but their numbers are even more powerful than their POV shot in the last few beats. There is an abundance of land, where these men live several weeks at a time, and the devouring effect is languor, Guevara himself having a share of malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives the performance of a champion, especially because it is modest. He is not described as cutting edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba, he was born in conquest, in Bolivia, he falls to the opposite and it is sometimes difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beards and hair. Del Toro does not illustrate identity and attitude. You may think that the movie is too long. I think there is a real cause in its magnitude. Guevara's affairs in Cuba and especially in Bolivia were not a series of episodes and sketches, but a commitment to stay in power that could almost be described as crazy. In the end, Che, as a whole or in part, is a delicate commercial film, whose director begins by understanding the innate limits of cinematographic biography and gradually working on it.
