Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA is also a great success, but it is not as entertaining as PART I because it is there that we begin to see what could have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am impressed by the cause-and-effect relationship between the two parties. We are reminded again and again that the main character, Che Guevara, is an Argentinian. Some of Fidel's army men chose not to follow the orders of a stranger and now that Che has chosen to leave the solace of victory to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia, his new army and the natives do not give much respect, only because he is a stranger. <br /> <br /> As far as the technique is concerned, I think Part II would have been more useful if, above all else, just after the map was displayed, some highlights of the previous payment just to refresh the memory of his characters and what he undertakes to do, to make the public understand why his methods have been successful in Cuba when they do not work in Bolivia. It is now clear in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he is dealing with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not fully understood. They say that the revolutionary's ingredient is love ... well, they do not care about their country, so it's difficult. It is extremely painful and difficult for Che to convince others to adhere to her vision. <br /> <br /> I like a particular scene that illustrates the deterioration of Che's condition, a scene in which his horse would not go, whatever his condition. He tries to lead him, then his temper takes him by force and for a moment he forgets he's a doctor and he becomes that desperate soldier who stabs his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be driven. But at the same time, the film hangs out, it's based on small cameos of familiar faces that you'll recognize just for short entertainment and for the most part, you're beaten left and right by one hurdle after another, but maybe it's the intention of Part II, if that's the case ... then it definitely works. Ovation in front of the cinematography that gives us a view in the first person at the time of Che's last breath. This film may not answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could get away with it even if the odds were against him and why he deeply hopes that America South knows the same fate as Cuba, but the film CHE is a story that deserves to be told.
