It surprises me that I had the courage to watch the film "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban parents in exile one day discovered that I was watching this movie about that vile mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, I would be punished for life. Hey, wait? I am an adult, they can not found me any mas. Director Steven Soderbergh and the newcomer (sorry Steven, but I had to take photos of Soder here) divide the film into two parts about the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how, in the mid-1950s, Che joined Fidel Castro's guerrillas in his revolutionary quest to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista's regime. which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla disaster for many Cubans who revolted towards communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Che revolutionizing the t-shirt industry by presenting his terrifying t-shirts in the eyes of t-shirt manufacturers. OK, I discuss a lot of bullshit with you! I meant that "Che: Part 2" focuses on Che in the late 1960s trying to bring the revolution back, this time to a poverty-stricken Bolivia, but with very different results. In fact, Che ended up being a dead meat enchelada when captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the time interval between these two events in Che's life when he led La Cabana fortress prison in Cuba, where he massively massacred many Cubans who opposed communism. This is where I think Soderbergh committed a film injustice in not showing to the viewers how gevara was really atrocious. Soderbergh did not do this and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not: he is a sick man who, thank God, is probably now at the bottom of the barrel of Devil. Now, I must be an objectivist. spectator and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely powerful and worthy of merit. And this Demian Bichir was a haunted look-alike like Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" was mainly composed of mediocre performances of actors representing guerrilla soldiers. And although I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into the revolutionary mix of a Spanish-speaking cameo representing a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic which is generally "too much speech and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We have had too much Che, even posthumously with these ridiculous t-shirts, so why give us too much? But I suppose that when you have the Del Toro by the horns (as you did here Steven), I guess it's your grace that saves you for not performing "Che: Parts 1 & 2" completely. *** Average
