I came to see Guerrilla, the second part of Che Guevara's biopic of Steven Soderbergh, without having seen the previous film and without more than a superficial knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I feared that it would be both a heavy lesson in history and an impenitent love letter to the iconic revolutionary. In fact, this film has far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> The guerrilla works remarkably well as an independent film. The story of the failure of Che's attempt to wage a revolution in Bolivia, then subject to military rule, is a compelling tragedy. The initial impulse brought by the incognito arrival of Che to lead guerrilla warfare is lost because misfortune follows misfortune. Chances are like revolutionaries. American support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious inhabitants and Che's failing health are just some of the difficulties that beset the nascent rebellion. is not a hagiography. The style is refreshing and without drama, with a subtle and effective soundtrack of Alberto Iglesias adding a tranquil drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few close-ups and we are encouraged to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him as well. When Soderbergh wants to demonstrate the virtues of Che, we see him in small episodes, such as the faithful acolyte who condemns two guerrilla companions when they question Che's leadership, and underlines the sacrifice he made by leaving Cuba behind. behind to fight again for the revolution. <Br /> <br /> The direction is superb. The second part, despite its narrow focus, seems to be very well modified and it is able to communicate a lot through images without the need for a narrator to spell things for the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see some short excerpts of sumptuous feasts in post-revolutionary Cuba, giving us immediate ideas as to why the Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrait of guerrillas marching through endless rainforests appears as a scene of striking beauty and creates a sense of the enormity of the task that awaits this tiny group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film, it is the distance that separates the spectator from Che, which, although it allows us to appreciate the context of the insurrection and the people around him prevent us from understanding him better as a person. Certainly, Benicio Del Toro is quite convincing in the leading role ?? so much so that it is difficult to remember that you are watching an actor and not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as an independent film means that we have little precious knowledge about what shapes Che's thoughts, words, and actions. It is hoped that this will be further emphasized in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I can not talk about it for the moment), and the strength of the second part certainly makes me look forward to seeing the precedent.
