Last night, I sat back to back in both parts of Che with a brief pause in the bathroom and I can not remember when 4 hours passed so quickly. I had to psyche myself a week in advance because I had a real "thing" about directors, producers and editors who do not stop to get upset, on long quasi- epics before us and I feel that overall, 2 to 2.5 hours is pretty much just for a movie. So 4 hours seemed to exceed the limits of my tolerance and I doubted a lot of the whole company. But I will say from the start that it is a beautiful ?? I could say with love ?? makes a film and I'm really happy to have seen it. Director Steven Soderbergh must be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. Battle scenes are similar to those you avoid yourself. <br /> <br /> If there is an unknown person on the planet, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara is the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to overthrow Fulgencio. Batista via the Cuban Revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; on wall posters of rooms, on T-shirts, on magazine covers The image of Che must be one of the most overexploited to date. If you look at the famous pictures, then Che was a very handsome man, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. If he had been ugly, I wonder if he would have been so popular in the public imagination. Of course, the dying help young people. <br /> <br /> Films have already been filmed on Che (including the excellent 2004 motorcycle newspaper featuring Gael Garcia Bernal, an unbelievably cute boy, in his youth, touring South America and Marxist politics), but I do not think anyone has ever touched the whole story from beginning to end, and this two-part document is an ambitious project. I hope it's worth it for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that instant commercial success may not have been the top priority. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows Che who meets Castro in Mexico and follows their journey. to Cuba to begin the revolution and then travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Black and white images intelligently taken look like contemporary film, but are not. The second film (Guerilla) takes its place in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to launch a new revolutionary movement. The second film is almost entirely in the forest. As far as I know, it was shot mainly in Spain but I can always believe that the film had to be trying. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a role he seems to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I had the impression that the Argentine (the first part) was much easier to watch and more "entertaining" in the strict meaning film, because it's optimistic. They are winning; the revolution will succeed. Che is in her element a disparate band of peasants, workers, and intellectuals of the revolutionary cause. The second part is much more difficult to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat. In the same way that the recent Valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise to witness a heroic failure, so I felt the same in the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know from the start that he is dying, we know he is failing. It is frustrating, because the way the story is told clearly shows that the fomentation of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a foreign intruder and fails to connect with indigenous peoples as he did with Cubans. He persists persistently, which is frustrating to watch, because I felt he should have known when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful businesses. The film does not break it too much. He kills people, he executes, he fights his asthma and follows a lost cause long after he should have given up and left, he leaves a woman alone to raise five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in making classic movies. A note; As I watched the Bolivian soldiers trained by the United States move en masse to eliminate Che, his group of warriors, one after the other, it reminded me of Butch Cassidy's final. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but I hesitated, thinking he would find such trivial and inappropriate thoughts. When he left the theater, he turned to me and said, "Did not you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ??????????????"
