Many critics I read reveal that most people tend to prefer the first part to the second. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a lot, trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through different types of film films, different places and alternating between an interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part, it was finely structured but somewhat awkward. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia and, in parallel with the evolution of the geographical situation, the rules and the structure change. No more space jumps and switching between actions, "documentary realism" and treaties. Instead, we are now literally trapped with Che in a desolate and depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are overloaded with burdens for anything but survival. I think it's the dark turn of Che's life that is the real reason most people prefer the first part to the second part. <br /> <br /> The change of geographic location also means, for me at least, that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are actually the last two acts of a three-act structure set up by Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcyclists' diaries is the passage to adulthood Che (or more exactly, that of the ideal) in Argentina, Che: the first part is his military leadership in Cuba and Che: the second part is his fall in Bolivia . These films do not fully illustrate his life (we are missing his experiences in Guatamala and, what is more important in my opinion, his post-revolutionary executions), but they open a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and his nature. global symbol. It symbolizes both idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression, as well as revolutionary failures in the postwar Third World countries and their obstruction by activities such as, uh, interference of the CIA. <br /> <br /> But, again, all this is projected on screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogues and speeches, but through a much more intimate and painful portrait of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed and in this case, it is difficult to say if there was a chance of success. The number of times the camera shows people trapped between the hammer and the anvil and the long desaturated and shaky shots takes the viewer into the narrative of people trapped in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs end up by taking the second place. level to the despair of hungry people who are starving. It's not easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
