Just after the story of the first part, the second part, which tells the inevitable fall and the much darker aspect of the man's inheritance, is exactly what it is. In direct contrast to the first feature film, the second part represents a shift from the pride and glory of the Che of a revolutionary country to the benefit of a Che, liberator in struggle of a country with which he had no previous link. The change of scenery is not only aesthetic; From the autumn and spring grays of forests, the tone changes and the heart changes for the trait, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, bruised and bruised reality, aligned with a brand new struggle. Yet, as Che would say himself, such a fight is better told exactly like a fight. While the first part certainly helped to document this initial rise in power that the revolutionary guerrillas gained through this, the second part takes up a much more refined, insensitive and dark segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives him an assertive portrait that is both poignant and tragic. in a tangible way and easy to grasp. <br /> <br /> Although the tone of the film differs in some respects and differs radically from the first part, it remains the same documented approach that avoids melodrama a month ago. and manufacturing as much as possible. This somewhat distant and cold approach to the narrative of Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly divert some viewers; indeed, I'm always reserved as to whether or not the report itself should have been named after a man - the whole of Che, as a whole, delivers a story that goes beyond the simple biography and instead documents a man's struggle alongside those who helped carry him along the way. Soderbergh does not try to draw a humanist portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved and meditative approach that consists in telling a lesson in history that must be told by the one man who probably directed the whole thing. <br /> <br /> However, passing lush green In the second half of Bolivia, the story takes a contrasting tone that does not feel too disjointed compared to its predecessor, but does enough to give it its own reference points. Here, the basic structure of the first part is recalled - there is the initial struggle, the battles, the comrades fallen in battle and the recruitment of these to replace them, while leaving a glimpse of the man who is at the origin of the movement. Yet, as anyone who has any idea of ​​the real history of this feature knows, the second part is destined to end on a much more disappointing and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarities with the first part, forms a convincing and memorable whole; of course, both could be digested one by one (and congratulations to Soderbergh for this result) and appreciated as such, but taken as a statement, Che delivers exactly what he wants to achieve. <br /> <br /> Indeed, all that makes the happiness of the first part a month ago is still evident here, from the subtle but captivating performances of the central distribution to the slow building, realistic battle scenes structured - the drama inherent in the characters on the screen is just as vague and indistinguishable, but with a characteristic like this, the second part proves once again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily affect a movie when there is enough intrigue and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer engaged. In fact, in drafting this opinion, I struggled to add or not a paragraph or two to my first review of the first part and to give a title to the exam as a whole, but I thought that would only serve: disillusionment for those who can sit down to watch all the movies consecutively. <br /> <br /> That being said, I can not decree rightly if Che resists the task of engaging an audience for his four hours more sprawling at the time of execution, but by viewing the two segments I can at least attest to the ability of each party to do so. With a complex and thought-out scenario combined with mesmerizing photography and nuanced performances that do justice to the characters of the film without being noticed, Che Part Two is as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but stimulating event , conclusion reaffirming worthy of the pages of history of the film. <br /> <br /> - Report by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
