The second part resumes ... not where the last film stopped. As part of the almost-conventional epic epic of Steven Soderbergh's epic more than 4 hours, Che's two stories are told in the form of classic "rise" and "fall" scenarios. In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his post of bureaucrat in Cuba and after an unsuccessful attempt in Congo (mentioned in passing in the film), goes to Bolivia to try to launch a new revolution in the style of the jungle. . Things are not going so well planned, probably because of Che's notorious stature as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the US involvement of the Bolivian government and, of course, the fact that Castro did not was not '. Not really support for Che. <br /> <br /> The second part of Che is sadder, but in some ways wiser than the first part. This makes sense, since Guevara must bear the low morale of his men, the betrayals of those around him, the constant mistakes of grunts and neighboring peasants and, ultimately, the greatest military force that shut in. But what is even sadder is that Guevara, whatever it may be, will not give in. You could see an incredible force or a fatal flaw - maybe both - but it's also clear how you start seeing Che, if it's not completely complete. rounded, then as something of a more sympathetic character. It is true that he killed and executed and felt justified until the end. And yet, he begins to work on the viewer in the sense of a primordial level of pity; the sequence in which Guevara's health deteriorates without medication, leading to the stabbing of a horse, is one of the most memorable and satisfying films of all this year's films. <br /> <br /> Once again, Soderbergh's mastery of the story is strong. , if, on occasion, a little slow (which is understandable because of the long duration), and that one or two scenes feel totally strange (Matt Damon?), but this is a minor liability. It is this time that the approach of the color camera is direct, it is almost like a pure image of war of style militia, told with a lot of care for the men of the group, as well as for Guevara, the Lord of this group, and how things diminish the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game in every scene, every beat knowing so well this guy so well - for better and for worse - that he gets as close as possible to the incarnation. Overall, Che's two parts form an impressive ensemble: the story as a compelling style drama, useful for an audience even if they do not know Che or, better, if they do not like it very much. It's this special. 8.5 / 10
