Ironically, the most talked about American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy over the feature film began at the Cannes Film Festival. There were love hate notices, and considerable doubts about business prospects. The consolation of the star, Benicio Del Toro, received the award for best actor. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's Che. This is the name that is said in this version, shown in New York as in Cannes, in two segments of more than 2 hours without opening title or end credits. 'Che' is certainly appropriate since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is present in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, reliably suspended through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in the first part to months of humiliating defeat in the second part, attractive and simpatico in all its varied manifestations, even disguised as a bald man and graying to sneak into Bolivia. It's a fantastic performance. we would like a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for more than four hours, with an intermission between the two sections, you will be rewarded. There is always an authentic atmosphere - fortunately, Soderbergh made the decision to shoot in Spanish (although some actors, curiously in the English segments, are made of wood). You get a good insight into what guerrilla warfare looked like: Che, teaching, campesino recruitment, morality, discipline, hardship and fighting - as well as the gradual transformation of Che into a doctor. full doctorate company. full military leader. The use of a new 9mm "high-performance 35mm film digital camera" RED, which has just been available in time for filming, has allowed DP Andrew Andrews and his team to produce images a little cold, but sometimes singing, and are always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is divided into two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "films" and it is planned to market them as such. The first is "Argentina", illustrating Che's leadership in the jungle and city battles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "The guerrillas" and concerns the unsuccessful efforts of Che nearly a decade later in Bolivia revolution, a successful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was to be the original film. It was written first and, I think, filmed first. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is more of an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both sides have a lot in common - too much - since they spend a lot of their time following the guerrillas in difficult places. The guerrilla is a flawless feller since the Bolivian revolt, which was doomed to failure. The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did not receive a warm welcome from Bolivian peasants, who suspected foreigners, and regarded Cuban communists as rapists without God. There is a third part, a sort of black-and-white celebration of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but this is broken up in the first segment. Fidel is also much more optimistic in the first part, which led to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During the "Guerrilla" I kept thinking that this could actually work as a mini-series of European quality, which could start with an abridged version of Walter Salles' "Journaux de moto" and then take us to Guevara's decisive meeting with Fidel in Mexico City and his engagement on the 26th July Movement. He could say a lot more about his many trips and diplomatic missions. It is far from being a complete picture of man, of his interest in chess since his childhood, of his constant interest in poetry, of the books he has written; even its international fame is only mentioned. And what about his hard and cruel side? Really what interests Soderbergh most is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the 4 hours and more of holidays are due to a trail of snow in the woods and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and to an idealistic dedication to the cause of the end of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that we remember Terrence Malick's "The Red Tin Line". Yes, the sinister and episodic approach of a battle is similar. but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (none other than Che comes out strongly), and it's a very good movie. This is an impressive effort, but unfinished and unhappy. <br /> <br /> This love work that has lasted many years and has been the subject of much research (how many oceans must it pay the price?) Is a vanity. project, too long for a regular theatrical release and too short for a miniseries. A radical edition - or a major expansion - would have done more, and as it is a long work, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this work could have been reduced. the resulting film would have been poorly known, but with a little luck it might have been good enough.
