From the coup in Cuba to its secret entry into Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's performance of Che Guevara is that of the tragic hero. As with Che ?? The first part of this rather haphazard guerilla war escapade through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is probably destined to disappoint more people than it will satisfy. Why has the film (and in particular the performance of Benicio Del Toro) been so praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, calls it a work of art that "is not just the story of a revolutionary" but "a revolution in itself". Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian called it a "flawed masterpiece". I come back to my initial claim for the first part ?? that the value lies in particular in the representation of a hero figure. And at a time when there is a profusion of poor models of heroes, would not it be beneficial to see a very honorable, even if it was stripped of some of the least endearing episodes of his life? It is the psychological hero consecrated by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Carlyle, in his founding book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But should really inspire us to higher goals, a higher goal. Compare that with the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard Western tale: where does a person suffer hardships and tribulations before he gets a credible reward ?? usually eternal love or material wealth ?? as if by the divine studio intervention. Real heroes have an excess of moral courage ?? not Lost Ark Dare-Devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They stand up and allow others to stand up, to be the best they can be. In the first part, Che succeeds. In the second part, he fails. This is not for lack of moral courage, but since a) all good projects can not succeed and b) be human, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> The intellectual clarity of Guevara is imperfect when he equates the conditions that justify armed struggle conditions that allow this armed struggle to succeed. This is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. There is an air of staging that is sometimes lacking in Che - Part I (the United States would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba). The visual pleasures are enhanced by the maximization of natural light as well as the extreme flexibility and realism offered by the revolutionary. RED cameras. It's a high-performance, high-performance digital camera that delivers the quality of 35mm film and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 lbs. "To shoot with RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees the way I see ... so organic, so beautifully in harmony with the most natural phenomena - of light." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution, it would have wrapped him in an almost mystical invincibility. The fact that it fails in Bolivia shows not only that it has human limitations, but that it is its moral virtues that will be remembered, not the political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired far less noble characters to achieve tin dictatorships. His guerrilla tactics are neither good nor bad in themselves (and have since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But despite all its praise, the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tension. We stumble from one trip to another, knowing that he will eventually suffer his death. I found myself looking at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter. But the work that went into this ?? interviews with people from all sides and even one of Guevara's ex-comrades to train actors in every detail of Bolivian operations ?? make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be high-flying entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity by documenting a significant slice of history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in Che's hero figure here. It's about failure. That if you do your best, even if you fail, your efforts will not have been in vain because they could give others hope and moral courage. One could cynically call a complex of "martyr", and one finds it of course in many religious personalities. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, to the best of his ability, and sets an example. Success or failure, in some cases, are just details. <br /> <br /> With the long-standing and illegal blockade of the United States against Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted in the United States. But it would be inviting to a claim that the film has sought so much to avoid. It is to be hoped that many viewers will have the ability to look at Che without politics and the bias that inevitably results. Whatever his flaws, he rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist nonsense of Oceans 11. But if you have not heard of Che Guevara nor seen the first part, or if you can not go beyond the sentence Marxist 'without hurting my mouth, I might find it hard to imagine what you will get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
