Now, of course, I am not an ardent student of the genre. In fact, I have always tended to move away from westerns because, despite all their critical cachet as primitive American (or other) stories, they seem to sink forever into tedious retreats: Injuns, "" the big shootout ", or" Hey, let's make a detachment! In other words, it always seemed to me a genre so deeply rooted in the convention and linked to the convention that it left little room for surprise and originality. least some of the so-called "big" ones and categorized them in this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My dear Clementine, and of course the famous Clint Eastwood [but deeply boring] -Sergio Leone in the 60s .) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this film on television - as part of a commemorative Jimmy Stewart weekend at his death - I finally got it: I understood, at least in theory, what the Western myth has to offer as a serious thematic concern (apart from action and strong sensations) It is the comings and goings between anarchy and order; American West represents freedom, but also the perspective of wild nature, the indomitable. that, of course, meant that maybe - just maybe - it was not meant for respectable people, and that the only residents should be the amoral and the shy, the ones who made justice strictly under the barrel of their revolvers, and where killing or killing would never be the law of the land. In such an environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are sufficiently boastful and sufficiently free-spirited to be out there (and thus reject the "society", at least as it manifested itself on the coast is), yet have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is NOT RIGHT. To grasp and examine this disparity between law and disorder IN THE PRINCIPAL CHARACTER HIMSELF is, I believe (after seeing this film), the highest and most real goal of all Westerners. Unfortunately, this is not often the case, because the white hats are completely white, the blacks are completely black (and do not even start talking about the Indians, ok) and there are precious little shades of gray between the two . <Br /> <br /> Not in this one. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant fortune hunter who follows the track of the miners before him in the Alaskan desert in search of gold. He is joined in this task by his buddy always, interpreted by Walter Brennan (perhaps the Western cliché that would put an end to all - but still nice here, as always) - and no one else. It's interesting to note that they're out for themselves, and while Stewart is showing off his patented charm (let's go, we'll never really hate the guy, could we now?), There's not much left of doubt that he is fundamentally egocentric and selfish. interested character: none of his "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" humanism is allowed to get through. Or rather, you have to WIN, at the end of the image, in the way that I described above. He must face anarchy in himself and compare it to the need for order and justice that is sorely lacking in the border town that serves as a starting point for miners on their golden dust trail. This city is under the tutelage of its evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best representations of "bad guys" I have ever seen. He arrives with so much charm and humor, and maintains with Stewart a relationship so relaxed and interesting, that it takes a while to recognize that he is * the * the villain - so that he ends up sinking, he Do it double Oblige. In addition, by establishing a kind of light (though necessarily guarded) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the film embodies the notion of their close temperament - and thus the moral distance that separates Stewart from the end of the film. . <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the twists of the plot - see them yourself (and the beautiful landscape of Alaska - filmed on site, note that stills painted at a low price that the studio has constituted). What is essential here is how much this story is centered on the character, with great dialogues and character interaction replacing the game of weapons much of the time - although the movie has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from remaining static (read: "talkative"). This was undoubtedly one of Stewart's greatest performances, showing that he could play the renegade, "the man of the man", as convincingly as the right and honest guy next door. If something, in fact, his "universal" qualities reinforce his characterization, making it seem less mythical or exaggerated - like, for example, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well played: sober but nevertheless touching (with a slight suggestion from George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a type of "western" quite different). <br /> <br /> I certainly, there is more Western to see, but it is for now my favorite and the criterion on which I will necessarily judge all the others. He deserves to be much better known and appreciated than he is.
