Some of the filmmakers who introduced us to Penguin Walk, I guess it created a lot of expectations for The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush nature of France, the story becomes both a documentary and a fairy tale, which tells the friendship between the two main characters, Renard the Fox and his friendship with the child who l baptized, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly quite simple, and sometimes this film would have looked like many Japanese movies where many Japanese animals became friends after the development of trust, and how they will drag out the against each other, facing their respective opponents. Here, the child meets the elegant fox near her home in the mountains, which allows her to make beautiful shots perfect as a postcard. A filmmaker will have to go overdrive to capture them. <br /> <br /> Let yourself be seduced by landscapes full of nostalgia, the characters do not establish this level of confidence from the beginning, and we have to wait a few seasons and 45 minutes in the film before finding an equalizer in the food. The child is constantly trying to create a connection with the goal of taming the creature for his own amusement, but the fox, well, like other notions of course. Although I found the story quite weak, unlike March of the Penguins which offers a human narrative interpretation of what is happening on screen, the documentary elements of the film that surpass here are those that trace the life and the Fox's time as a predator, and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, we gave more tension and dramatism to the latter, especially against traditional enemies like the wolf, and agreed, these sequences were quite intense especially when the child found himself trapped. he. Otherwise, the navigation was simple and tedious, because they were both arguing, in shots where you know they had a montage of magic film. In the film, there were surprisingly dark moments that were not really suitable for children, as evidenced by those in the same room screaming suddenly with their eyes, so, parents, you might want to take note and do not let your toddler disturb the rest of the moviegoers. <br /> <br /> As a film, I would have preferred it to be a complete documentary, like The Penguin March, but I imagine that the way he was offended was probably intended to warn us about do not meddle in nature, and some things are just not supposed to be and should stay as they are. Decent film based on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noël-Bruneau and the many foxes who played Fox.
