THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by French director Marc Jacquet of March of the Penges. The young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, who has only one human being among her actors, tells the story of a rather rare, but apparently credible, relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part-documentary on nature and partly fairy tale, the film is about The Infant, the child who, one day, goes to school one day on the road to a wild fox in a picturesque setting, perhaps in France, although the exact location is never mentioned. In the coming weeks, the child will return to where she has found her fox hope. She hopes that someday she will see the fox she starts calling Lily. And so on. The days are transformed into weeks, then the summer disappears to transform in autumn then winter, which gives a superb cinematographic image of the winter landscape white and sweeping. Finally, spring returns and the young child finds his fox and actually makes a friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little wait for THE FOX AND THE CHILD. I had seen MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and I was simply impressed by the making of the film in this film. Luc Jacquet is an extremely talented filmmaker and, in fact, rare. I was expecting a breathtaking cinematography, panoramic views and brilliant images of wildlife. This was delivered to the shovel. But here, Jacquet has a credit in writing, and since I did not know anything about the film before the screening, I was expecting something a little different from what we had seen before in 'March'. A fictional story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. An apparently solitary young child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, seemingly alone, every day, seemingly indifferent in an apparently perfect world. Without the trace of an adult in sight. Brilliant. She befriends a fox. <br /> <br /> With a film like this, you have to dismiss your own opinion of the film and put yourself in the shoes of the target audience. It's a film that is aimed directly at children from the age of six, I would say. Or families who want to go to the movies with their race on a wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets his footing from films like the recent and brilliant WANTED, etc. But me, being the Newbie London critic, I put myself in the shoes of an excited eight-year-old girl for about 95 minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31 year old boy and a loyal movie lover, I loved wildlife photography and landscapes. It's visually beautiful. The direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed - as well as you will see in Attenborough's efforts. As an impressionable and brief attention for eight years, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It's a bit repetitive and in some places quite heartbreaking and bloody for a younger child, especially the rather dark end. As a 31-year-old man, I was a little scared in places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> This film is not a children's movie. It's not really an adult film and I felt a little disappointed. Is it a good family movie? Depends. It's educational maybe, and the movie carries a message. It's certainly not a movie that I would pay the hard-earned green to go see it and I'm racking my brains to try to recommend it to some type of movie buff. It's difficult, but I know that some will go see and fall in love with this film. It's very European and if you're a fan of wildlife-themed movies, try it. Uncertain? I would wait for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
