I really wanted to love this movie and I do not think I was terribly disappointed. As a professor of American history, I felt almost obliged to see this film and, for the story, it was not so bad. Of course, there were some mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline - the film only seemed to last a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years of fighting), but the general spirit of the film and from the battle the sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a meaningless secondary plot involving a novel hard to believe between a poor patriot and a wealthy loyalist. For the most part, it really served to distract attention from the plot as a whole and seemed simply "nailed on" - as a plot device instead of a true, honest love story. In fact, as much as the romance boils down to the dumb cliché of "love in the fist", it was a little embarrassing especially since I think about it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this romance, the film is really interesting and inspiring - in addition, in many ways, it seems that the much later film, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both films followed the exploits of a vicious leader who fought for the British and used horrible and perverse tactics against civilians - and both had the secret intention of using them as a "stepping stone" to create their own. nation in America !!! The only major difference is that this movie is happening in the north and that THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It certainly would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the others had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for the reporting ideas. It seems unlikely that the two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Despite the fact that I like this film and some of Griffith's films, he deserves again. "burn in hell" for his white actors describing all the black servants of the film! It's a sick and fanatical thing that Griffith has done in many of his films - especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to assume on the basis of this and the way he describes the Blacks that he was an A-OK slave and that he was quite the apologist for this "picturesque institution" (do not be angry with me - it's a sarcasm).
