In 1930, Europe received a shock when Luis Bunuel's L'Age Dor was broadcast. A riot provoked a riot in Paris during its projection in this room, which led to its ban for nearly forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe overcame the shock, it was again lit in the ear with "Ekstase", a symphony to love. The film featured Hedwig Kiesler, an unknown young German actress, who will later be called Hedy Lamarr when she moves to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, as Eva, a young bride. just married no-love husband (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she has made a major mistake. A divorce later, Eva is free of freedom and fantasy and came out one day, dipping skinny in a lake, when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (interpreted by Aribert Mog) who takes it for a real fantasy (and she, ). After a crazy night of passion, Eva's ex-husband shows up again in the hope of reclaiming Eva, to find that he now has a rival. I will not mess up what's going on. Czech director Gustav Machaty (who directed the original version of "Madam X", another parable with a romantic obsession) is directing a script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from Robert Horky's novel. The film's velvety cinematography (which reminded me of the Avant Garde photographer, the photos of Man Ray of the time, which goes hand in hand with an impressionistic use of light and shadows) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich). The editing of the film was directed by Antonin Zelenka and the artistic direction of the film, which looks like a lush style almost Art Deco, is from Bohumil Hes). If I have some quirks about this film, it's Giuseppe Becce's score that gives an exaggerated melodramatic impression that is aging rapidly (some themes are repeated again and again, they are welcome, fast --- a bit like some of David Lean on the use of certain musical themes, especially in "Lawrence Of Arabia" and "Dr.Zhivago"). A few years ago, a brand new restored copy was made of the finest basic materials, made from various existing European copies, and returned what was probably the closest version to what it originally looked like, before the Vatican condemns it. decadent "(yes, yes ... as the Church never did anything wrong), and the Hayes office cut it into ribbons, when it was finally released in the United States in 1936, in a haircut approved by "Hayes Office" (similarly) Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was a mostly visual experience) Not rated, but contains Hedy Lamarr's famous bare skinny dip scene (made with taste, note well) and some suggestions of sexual content (similarly) that barely bring him the note PG-13, nowadays.Worth the detour if you have any interest in the first European cinema, or Avant Garde / Experimental cinema
