I can not comment on this film without discussing its meaning for me personally. When I was a child, my health prevented me from going to the movies. I discovered cinema at the end of the Second World War through Roger Manvilles' magnificent book "Film" by Penguin, which gave me so much pleasure that my health began to improve. to be able to buy another copy to be re-read today. My introduction to many classic films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's wonderful documentary), Metropolis, Dr. Caligari's Cabinet and Ecstasy; came first through this book and then to my university Art-house cinema. Ecstasy had provoked the wrath of the Vatican for tolerating Eva's desertion of Emil, his subsequent divorce and brief foray into the buff, but Roger Manville ignored these insignificant questions and presented the film as a triumphant visual paean and of exceptional beauty. to love - a view shared by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I gladly accepted. No other opportunity to see ecstasy appeared before the introduction of personal videos - it had become a precious memory not to be disturbed. Just recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my collection of personal videos and found this assessment very superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw, in his aggressive agnostic writings, called "the life force". <br /> <br /> Ecstasy represents a bride marrying a middle-aged man whose sexual desire is no longer very strong. Disappointed, she goes home and divorce. Shortly after, she experiences a strong mutual attraction for a virile young man she meets on horseback. She is making love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband can not cope with the rejection and gives the young man an elevator in his car with the intention that a passing train will kill both of them at a crossing. But the train stops in time and the apparently ill driver is taken to a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climatic sequences, a bland, predictable and almost inevitable endpoint emphasizes that, even though individual human lives present both joy and tragedy, collective life continues to move us forward and that only one contribution to this flow can make us truly happy. This story is banal, the game of actors is more than enough; and normally, such a film would have disappeared, like most of its contemporaries, a long time ago. What gave Ecstasy its classic status is an exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyric score and a very cautious love setting, associated with a fortuitous element but very important from a cinematic point of view: it appeared just after the introduction of sound and was probably projected as a silent film. It is subtitled and its director has exploited the impact of brief verbal sequences accompanying certain subtitles, and sometimes by penetrating the score that advances the film with so much love. This makes it not only almost unique, but extremely rewarding to watch. The parable in the narrative is continually underlined, but with so much subtlety that it is fully realized only when one reflects after looking. For example, the names - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on his wedding night, which shows that triviates have become the most important thing in his life and underlie his eventual suicide, as he has no objective to support him; the series continues beautiful sequences showing erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key entering a lock, a broken necklace during the sequence of the virginal love of Eva with Adam, etc.); and the latest post-suicide footage that could have been filmed in many different ways but serves to extol the importance of individuals doing a type of work that positively contributes to society, as well as creating a new life to support this society after our own appearance. pass. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film, I would rate it at 9; even comparing it to contemporary works, I would not want to reduce it to less than 8. For me, the film will always remain a "must see" (although thinks that my general remarks above indicate a bias in this judgment ). Unfortunately, in North America, contemporary critics of this film were skewed by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to Hedy Kiesler's very brief and relatively unimportant nude scene, which she struggled to live in Hollywood (some critics , who clearly have not seen classic films like Hypocrites, Hula, back in the land of God, Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, have even mistakenly qualified this first-time experience of a nude actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel and the film would hardly have been different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two other reflections; It is first of all a Czech film, released in 1933. His last message on the hard work generating benefits for society must have seemed very superficial to the viewers. A few years later, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was virtually destroyed for several years. at least two generations (I do not remember the projection of these footage just after the war, when I first saw this movie - were they removed from the copy I had seen at the time ?). Second, for me, his main message today is that things of great beauty are often very transient, even though their memory can stay with them for a lifetime. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be filmed and re-viewed at our convenience.
