Let's start by eliminating the "hoopla". Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and the cinema was an ideal way to allow the majority to see it on screen. Here's Hedy, a young fresh -faced 20-year-old woman speaking in her native Austrian.I recently bought an uncensored version of this 1932/3 classic in 1990.Yes, we see a brief glimpse of Hedy nude from size but Although filming the scenes of swimming and fugitive horses, the director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches, reflections in puddles of water, medium and long shots to show it thus in this famous scene; So, do not imagine that there are close-ups or lascivious shots.His boyfriend, Pierre Nay keeps his clothes all the time.Yes, daring enough for his day but how innocent he looks now thanks to the eyes of 2003. <br /> <As other critics have pointed out, this film should be watched for its imaginary, expressionist and allegorical statements, with images of water drops forming a ripple to the surface of a water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. The softness of the sound echoes almost the entire length of "Extase" and the film offers a "sensation" of transition between silence and sound in its direction and its concept. The scenario is extremely minimalist and economical. The story is mainly transmitted through bodily gestures with just a few words of German spoken by actors with English subtitles. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the general lyric vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> story of a girl wh o wife a much older man (why we are never told and what did Eva see anyway? money?), which is Then she goes back to her father's house after leaving him and his father has to lie to his son-in-law. After a horse ride, Eva decides to bathe in the buff and load his horse on the saddle of his horse.However, his horse has romantic ideas and gallop to greet his stable companion.Hedy rushes out of the naked lake and tries to get his horse but an engineer at work sees and retrieves the horse and then search around him for his owner.And so that the romance is born.Son husband, seeing that his rival must win Eva, later decides to kill himself but I found it quite illogical and his main weakness given from his previous relationship without love with Eva. <br /> <br /> Although it was a re-released title on VHS in 1990, the 70-year-old sound is a little soft and with background cracks, in line with her age.After a period of mourning our beautiful boyfriend is obviously so much in love with Eva that he imagines her as a mother with a baby and so we have to assume that they live happily ever after. Imaginary overwhelm you and discourage you from the style of the movies even This is a lyrical piece that can be appreciated for its own interest and not just for its catchy title. I gave it 7/10.
