I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski might like this film - and I could understand how some might totally hate him (Ebert was one of the few who did not understand why people did not miss the theater). After a first viewing, I'm not sure to fall into either category. However, as a person who has never had enough of Kafka and strange dark comedies of paranoia, The Tenant is effective enough for his autonomy. Or maybe not - it's one of those cases where it was more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour episode of Twilight Zone, with Serling delivering the coda as Terkovsky (or who whatever (?)) was writhing in his head. bed in bandages. It is very similar in the treatment of the protagonist condemned to the origin of Repulsion, but one could argue that there was more ambiguity, more sense of surreal resulting from a lasting disintegration of character and place (and , frankly, a better main performance) than the renter. <br /> <br /> In the current state of things, the tenant has an intriguing principle, the kind that we do not tire of talking to other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant in Paris who takes an apartment recently acquired by Simone Choule, who jumped on her almost by the window and died soon after. But the other tenants are conservative to the maximum in terms of noise; after a Saturday night at Terkovski's with a few friends, we complain about too much noise. This will not happen again, says the polish but mildly nervous tenant of Polanski, but there is no peace even when moving a cabinet or a president. Soon complaints are registered against another tenant, but from him? Can he register complaints? It is a case of identity that is not so wrong, but a lack of peace of mind with oneself and the people around it. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski brings up the tension (and, dare I say, laughs at the black comic) by showing Terkovsky in the midst of a horrible dream - one of Polanski's strongest scenes in the world. the time - and clinging to the wall, not to mention the bathroom across the way (which, let's add, is still a cinematic lynch-pin of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But in one way or another, the film never really feels so meaningful apart. of its excessive design as an imaginary imaginary machine, Terkovsky's tenants seeming not to be as they seemed for a moment: there is not so much suspense when one discovers that they are really not ready to look him, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice, I thought, "Why did Polanski take the title role for himself?" It is not at all that he is a bad actor, and he has appeared in several movies and plays that are not his own direction. But in addition to being gifted to look clumsy and tense, as in church, or in his moments of thrill thinking that they are really ready to kill him, his transformation is less frightening than those who cling. , a test of itself to see if he can withdraw it, which he does not quite do. Although Polanski works well to look like Terkovsky, a sweet and collapsed man, I could see at least a few other actors who could achieve it with more subtlety and a more touching personality. At the moment when one sees him in trail, he passes between a dignified and true encampment, especially when he tries the double climax at the end (which, of course, is hardly surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, the movie buff and Polanski fan have the pleasure of seeing the cast of support trying to dive into much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do the best they can, even if they have to work with limited characters), and the Unexpected Moments, like Polanski and Adjani who get hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he's really drunk, or in an almost random scene where he slaps a kid near a fountain, are rather bright in themselves. This is a very good film, which might be worth my attention when there are too many cafes after midnight. But an essential film? Not exactly.
