One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this film will agree is that it's very scary. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are terrifying too, but they are all different in making them terrifying, but they all treat pretty much the same thing, they all deal with the mind. The people watching are really scary, each of them sent shivers down my back, which made me unable to stay still. Again, if you've seen the other two movies mentioned, I'm sure you'll find this quite scary, as you start to expect typical Polanski traits that you think you have understood, he is aware of them and will continue to you tease. with simple things, personally, every time Trelkovsky slowly turned around, I was getting ready to jump, maybe it's just me, but I felt determined to do it, even though it was quite subtle there is no accumulation of music in these moments. <br /> <br /> The action in this film was pretty good, especially that of Polanski of course, the other characters of the film do not have much time to surpass the lead. Polanski turns out to be a great filmmaker, not only can he make and write great movies, but he can also play. I do not think there was another better person who could have pulled Trelkovsky's character, Polanski settled perfectly. I like to see films in which the director is also part of the main cast. This really highlights their fantastic versatility and their talent, which I greatly respect. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like in this film is how it was done in English. For those who do not know it, it is a French film, financed by the United States, and to make it more commercially successful, it was mainly in English. There are passages that it is very obvious that there were dubbing, and I do not know why, but 3/4 of the time, when there is a duplicate, they get the wrong person to do it . There is a woman in the film who when she speaks it is obvious that it is a duplicate, but she had the most annoying person to make the voice-over, it hurt my ears to hear it to speak, she had the most acute voice. I've heard for a while that this seemed almost wrong, but I do not see why, she was a rather small character. Honestly, I would prefer that they leave it as is, some parts in French and others in English, because the dubbing in this film was painful and was not close (two completely different films, I know) the high level of another movie that did a similar thing, that was, the good, the bad and the ugly. I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it is annoying, but I'm sure you will not be here for a long time trying to read on the lips what they actually say that you know French. <BR /> <br /> What's great about Polanski is that he will let you believe that you know him, that you know his style, what you do in some ways, but in reality you can not not see what's behind this corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which really reinforces this one, in my opinion. Personally, I feel that this is the best of the three, I do not know what will follow, but they are all relatively close in their level of magnitude. The end is fantastic, it is so easy to lose a long time before coming and arriving anywhere. I chose not to think about it too much, but just to have my personal opinion and stick to it. <br /> <br /> I stammered, and I did not really explain what makes this movie so great, I do not think so, so I'll do it quickly here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you'll enjoy this movie to say the least. For those who are too unhappy to have seen either then I recommend you watch this movie if you are looking for something that is a pretty scary movie that is smart enough, especially the end, so if you are looking for something that deals with l spirit, even paranoia, although this is better adapted under Repulsion.
