Here is the example of a film that was not well received at the time of its realization, but whose reputation seems to go back in time. "The tenant" is a rather interesting work by Polanski, one of the first in his European exile. It takes place in Paris and, as in many other exiled films, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place play an important role. It is right that Polanski chooses his main character not as an American (as in "Frantic" for example), but as a Pole, as was the case when he heads west. There are actually a lot of personal comments in this film, which were made during what must have been a time of crisis in the director's life, and the fact that he decided to play the lead role (and does so). masterfully) can also be considered a reality. kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's sort of a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in an old Parisian building, inhabited by what appears to be at first a well-matched team of grumpy or simply ridiculous old neighbors. The former tenant attempted to commit suicide by jumping out of the apartment window. Trelkovsky has plenty of time to visit him at the hospital before dying and meeting his beautiful and girlfriend Stella (Isabelle Adjani in her first role after The Story of Adele H. de Truffaut). Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it's a plot to drive him crazy or to get him into the life and role of the deceased. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becoming her. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> This is not the most credible story we have seen or heard, but the strength of the film lies not in the story but in the details of psychology, in the slow deterioration the mental state of the hero, in the game of permanent balance between reality and illusion. To a certain extent, it's not what's happening on the screen that counts, but how it's going, reminiscent of the classic "knife in the water" made over a decade ago, at the end of the Polish period of Polanski. There are a lot of details that are never explained, but then that's how mystery movies have to be and that's actually how life is sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details of the last part of the film are not very well executed and the dialogues spoken in English (the film was made in English) almost neutralize the general atmosphere. However, waiting for the final scene of the punch is well worth it. <br /> <br /> This is not the best film that Polanski has made, but it has many good sides, it shows well the hand and the style of the director. an important step in the construction of his career.
