Legend has it that at the opening of the film in 1976, he was confronted with massive taunts and disdain, which was widely regarded as a failure. I remember very well that Ebert gave a star in Cannes and that he was booed in Cannes. <br /> <br /> Apparently, these people did not understand the film, which is not so difficult to understand, because it is very esoteric, dark and stratified. in a way that still surprises me. Reading many of the reviews here, I find (even after about 7 to 8 views over the years) many elements of the film that I previously ignored. But even if we do not really understand the psychological basis of the story, it remains a formidable suspense ... even if we take only the escalation of paranoia and persecution that invades the main character of Polanski as a tsunami wave within two hours. The review of the source - excellent news from the underrated novelist Roland Topor - reveals other more intriguing facets. Trekovsky of Polanski is a milquetoast of the highest order. Although he seems at first to be a sweet soul on a daily basis, one gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to drift aimlessly into life, letting her direct it. He seems to have little strong feelings about his likes and dislikes. It is gently pushed in all directions, but never seems too distorted. This vague form of malice is more noticeable in the novel than in the film, but there are hints at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Making a play for a woman's apartment, a Mademoiselle Choule, who is in the hospital and is recovering from a recent suicide attempt, seems to be the most more daring than he attempted (even though the price of the bond was negotiated downward). However, he quickly discovers that he pays for his "good thing" in more than one way, because he is at the center of a maelstrom created by a building filled with neurotic and controlling monsters who are hypersensitive to the slightest sign. of human life, like a step in the night or a knock at the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking a stand, Trelkovsky is increasingly insane by the situation and taken aback by paranoia and a sense of persecution. He becomes obsessed with Choule, imagining himself as herself, dressing like her, etc., as his own personality begins to be swept away by his own madness. <br /> <br /> If anyone has ever doubted Polanski's lack of fear, as an artist, they would be well advised to watch this film. His characteristic black humor is highlighted (and sometimes embarrassing) here and - God bless him - he makes it the goal. It's a tour de force in one of the richest, riskiest and most gothic Gothic horror movies ever made. What more people have not seen is a real crime.
