Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart gradually give this director a position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director of its kind. He certainly knows how to give a dimension to the nice guy Stewart. In Mann's films, Jimmy presents an advantage that is slowly being demonstrated to the public. In WINCHESTER '73, it was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how it turned him into a figure of revenge. Here, it is an attitude of the type "I trust only myself", which leads to complications one after the other. Even before the film starts correctly, he kills (like Jeff Webster) two of his hired cowboys who were taking part in a cattle ride in Seattle because of a dispute (we are never aware of this - either they wanted to leave tried to steal the cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his match in Skagway, the port where he has to go to get his flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called lawman called Gannon (John McIntyre), who recalls one of Skagway's true bosses in "Gold Rush", Jefferson's "Soapy" Smith, and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as sordid as Gannon for every opportunity to become a chance to make money. Stewart's flock interrupted a public hanging - so (as a fine) the flock was confiscated (to be sold later for the benefit of Gannon). <br /> <br /> Stewart is partnering with Ben (Walter Brennan - who oddly won his last Oscar against Judge Roy Bean). They are joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renée Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda worked closely with Gannon, but had already helped Jeff flee the Seattle authorities. However, she has a similar attitude towards Jeff: "I trust only myself". She offers him a job to get supplies in Dawson. Ben, Rube and he leave, but at night (while the others are asleep), they come back and steal their cattle. Renee follows them and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff waits for Gannon long enough for the cattle herd to cross the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that since Jeff must return by Skagway, Gannon can wait until he hangs him. <br /> <br /> The reunited party of Rhonda and Jeff split up on the trail to Dawson, Jeff opting for a longer, safer route. Once he is right, they follow his route and reach Dawson to discover that there is an anarchic element threatening the community due to the gold fields. The flock is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee begin the survey. There are soon two groups in the city of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent city. But the mounted police are not going to set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered around Rhonda's "dancehall", is linked to Gannon who has a vast claims plan using his band of armed bandits (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in a sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen). , Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to avoid both and head for his new fortune and Ben to a ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are dandy, including Stewart as a man willing to face all the others, but who would otherwise be peaceful enough. Brennan plays one of his old patent codgers, whose love of good coffee has unexpected results. At first, Flippen is drunk, but tragedy and responsibility put him in a better frame of mind - and one who has a chance to verbally stab Stewart to the heart using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would become famous on TV in WAGON TRAIN replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as a villain (like his commercial post office opportunist who caught himself in WINCHESTER '73). As it is said elsewhere on this thread, it is really shabby - but it has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunist and human, whose destiny is determined by his best feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a border "Gigi", aware of the fact that she is more than a girl but a woman in the making. <br /> <br /> Best of all is the backdrop of the Canadian Rockies - as wonderful in its own way as John Ford's use of Monument Valley. Mann has certainly done a great job in making this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
