This is primarily a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She takes a moment to enjoy Jeff during a brief meeting on the ship's deck bound for Skagway, and takes a longer look when he hides in his cabin while the authorities search for murder. They discover that they have things in common in addition to an animal attraction. Neither trust a member of the opposite sex, apparently because they were both married to spouses who cheated on them. Little by little, they learn to trust each other during their trip from Skagway to Dawson City. But Ronda clearly has close relations with corrupt sheriff Gannon and indulges in shady practices in his castle lounge at Skagway. She must finally choose between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a naïve French French girlfriend, also immediately loves Jeff, but only receives insulting brushstrokes in return. Yet she follows him on his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. With Ronda, she heals him well after Jeff is left for dead by Gannon's handcuffs on his quest for gold. Walter Brennan, as Ben, is Jeff's longtime companion. It does not have a fleshy role, but serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His disappearance symbolically opens the door to a woman who will replace Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) is probably the most charismatic city chief you can see in a film, letting charm and humor escape. with his bullying. Obviously, he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeatedly declaring that he will appreciate it. He plausibly embodies the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway as one of the greatest crooks of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the ultimate antihero, a loner (except a Ben companion), who does not want to take himself for others, even though he knows he is the ideal candidate. In this respect, he is very much like the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. Thus, Jeff not only refuses the marshall of Dawson position, but is convinced to leave him after the Gannon gang has settled down with the firm intention of taking over the underly-legal gold claims of everyone, all eliminating some minors and suggesting others to hurry up. get out of Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff make a rush out of Dawson while they're still alive. Then, Jeff suddenly changed his heart, apparently still feeding the desire for revenge for the murder of Ben and himself. He goes from anti-hero to hero by leading the expulsion of Dawson's Gannon gang. In this respect, he differs from the character of Lancaster, who never reformed (But has Jeff really changed or is he just giving vengeance for wrongs done against his own interests?) <br /> < The main problem I see with intrigue is the 2 main women. Obviously, Ronda is referred to as the ideal woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly described as a "bad" girl, Jeff has himself recently been screened. He shot at least five men in the United States or Yukon and stole his cattle in Gannon. Ironically, soon after Jeff switched from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda made a similar change by running down the street to warn Jeff of Gannon's impending ambush. She dies and Jeff asks why she did not take care of herself (her belief is supposed to be simply abandoned!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, does not make a credible substitute for the Ronda dead, in Jeff's mind. Yet the apparent implication of the ending scene is that they meet, even though Jeff never kisses him in a visible way. Her image of a good woman, though naive, is somewhat compromised by her work in Rhonda's salon, where scathing miners weigh their gold mass, pushing her back to the ground and retrieving her later. Nor am I sure of his relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged minor who follows her and works with her (he is not his father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateurish behavior of the fight between Jeff and the gang of Gannon. If Gannon had any talent with a gun, he should have killed or seriously hurt Jeff on that sidewalk, before Jeff did the same. And how did Jeff's right hand suddenly feel good enough to pull a pistol with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends have done to help save avalanche victims. They were too far to pull them alive from the snow. And why are most of the pack horses and mules of Ronda not buried by the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a host of nameless but familiar faces among the miners and the gang of Gannon. The footage shot in the Canadian Rockies provides a breathtaking backdrop for the action. In sum, a very entertaining western, with most major defects concentrated at the end. No doubt this film takes great liberties with history and geography, especially the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much more docile than the US Skagway.
