EXTREMITIES is the disturbing and captivating version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own play for the screen) on a woman who was attacked in her car one evening by a so-called rapist while she was returning home. At her place. she realizes that the man has his purse and knows where she lives. The next day, after the departure of his roommates, the guy shows up at her house and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when, at a given moment, the woman reverses the roles and manages to master it. but when she realizes that it is impossible to prove her attempted rape, she decides to keep him a prisoner at home until she can get a confession. Wacky? May be. Worrying? Certainly, but there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling about this movie, especially from the middle with just the woman and her abuser, that you can not help but feel completely part of what's going on. I did not see the play on Broadway, but I imagine that a piece like this works better on stage, but that does not make this film less captivating. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play on Broadway, has been cast as Marjorie in the film version and delivers a tense and deeply moving performance as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics have found that Fawcett's performance was unique, but for me, Marjorie is a woman completely numb by what she's been through and the performance works for me. James Russo, in the course of his career, is gooey and threatening as the potential rapist who finds Marjorie as a much bigger challenge than he had supposed. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid are the co-stars of Marjorie's roommates, who are returning home after Marjorie has mastered the guy and tied him up and stuffed them in their fireplace upon their arrival. And it's the arrival of the roommates that brings the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what we saw through Marjorie and therefore think she should call the police and let her take care of the guy . Not for sensitive souls, but if you can stand it, a stunning cinematic experience anchored in a lead performance that will surprise you.
