This review owes its existence entirely to a review. We take a weekly magazine to see what is happening and decide what we are going to watch. It should be noted that most of the films scheduled to air on the top five terrestrial channels are briefly reviewed. In addition to prose, each film is rated 1 to 5 stars. 5 means Do not miss (greater than 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 for poor. We have learned from extensive experience that, with a few exceptions, stars are rewarded for their disgusting taste, their foul language, their shocking content, their promiscuity, their horror, their coolness and, in particular, to kill the hero / heroine just when everyone was about to live happy after. (If this is not done, the film is denigrated as "predictable" - the worst insult that can be imagined!) <br /> <br /> Brave New Girl received only one star , thus suggesting that he was a worthy candidate of our time and attention. This was confirmed by the critics' description of the film as a "really horrible tale" and "stupid, just stupid". We watched it and my wife and I were happy to have done it. The TV magazine critic further stated that the film was "not a reworking of War and Peace", with which we must agree. Reading the critics of IMDb for this title one or two days later, the urge to take my pen (so to speak) and add my half-pennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) has become overwhelming. . <br /> <br /> Why did we take this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We love the attractive characters, the credible relationships between them, the interesting situations, the courtesy and the respect, the triumphant good of the evil, etc. We loved the integrity and personalities of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male teachers involved in history. So what happens if the scenario includes a "witch of the West" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided she plays the role with some conviction. We enjoyed the friendship described between the two roommates, one financially embarrassed by a loving single mother and the other having all the material advantages, but receiving little time and affection from his parents. Is it any wonder Ditz felt the same about Holly's mom? Is it any wonder that Grant is immediately interested in Holly, given the way they met each other, Holly's bright smiles and her animated coolness? I think that these problems and events are sufficiently credible, but it is necessary to pretend that the study and the other circumstances are realistic for the story to have a frame. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are greatly blessed by having no meaningful music education. This allows us to appreciate the sounds produced by the instruments and the voices without our critical faculties interfering unduly in our listening and thus not spoiling the experience. We enjoyed both classical and pop songs, which were great on TV, and we did not run out of talent. Moreover, it did not matter if Holly's classic voice was dubbed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the film enough to be able to search for a DVD. The average price per disc we paid for the films in our collection is currently £ 4.9484 (rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a reliable vendor on Amazon Marketplace for £ 1,3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why I should feel this is a mystery to me, but it is a testament to the satisfaction we got from this movie that we still placed an order. I have awarded this 7-star IMDb movie out of ten, including one for the enthusiastic reception of performances by the public, one for Britney's publicity and one for something else I can not remember for the moment. (In case he did not fall, this criticism is a hymn to the celebration of the use of hooks!)
