The penultimate collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart (except for the few days that Mann worked on Night Passage before parting with the star in less than amiable circumstances), The Far Country ignores its classic look to offer another portrait of an embittered man dragging reluctantly to his own redemption, the fighter at every step of the way. This time, he is a cattle driver whose reaction to labor problems - challenging uncomfortable cowmen during a shooting at the end of the trail - results in the confiscation of his cattle by the larceny judge John McIntire of the School of Law and Order. By stealing them and passing them across the Canadian border, he quickly finds himself trapped in the growing conflict between prospectors and the judge as he cheats on them or kills their claims ... <br /> <br /> > As long as it's not the case It's a big surprise to see how Stewart turns in the end, he's a surprisingly hard creature along the way, even using his desire to be left alone to excuse not to warn a group of prospectors of an imminent avalanche when he has the opportunity because it is not his problem. . For most of the film, there is only one hair between him and McIntire, which the judge recognizes right away, looking forward to the company of a similar spirit, even as he considers playfully to lynch it. In many respects, city-dwellers who trust him probably also recognize this - despite their calls for his still and dead nature, there is a tacit acknowledgment that the only person who can resist the judge is someone as bad as he is. 'is. <br /> <br /> As usual at Mann, the use of the high country sites is exceptional, although for once the final showdown takes place level, and the film is almost perfectly shot with the unconditional support of Walter Brennan, Harry Morgan and Ruth Roman (although Corinne Calvert's young romantic interest is a bit irritating). Unfortunately, the great cinematography of the Canadian Rockies is made less advantageous by a DVD transfer medium average, with only the theatrical trailer and more.
