The anti-German sentiment of this film seems painfully dated now, but it is a shining example of the great war propaganda. This was done at the time when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all his latest Oscars Best Awards, he has never made a great sound movie.) This film lacks the comedy of most other Pickford movies, and it was really DeMille's movie, not the one from Pickford. The defamation of the Germans can be compared to the way in which "The Patriot" of 2000 did the same thing to the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who bore the ironic name of Austreheim. They even made an unfortunate trip to Pickford on a luxury ship torpedoed by a German submarine. So what will excite the Americans more in the war? The sinking of Lusitania or the observation of the favorite Canadian import of the United States? Throughout the film, DeMille directs her protagonist from one ordeal to another, narrowly escaping death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution and explosions in the right place. to keep it unscathed. The way she is saved from a firing squad is no more credible than how the humans of "Jurassic Park" were finally saved from Velociraptors. If I were more credulous with such propaganda, I would punish myself for my partially German ancestry. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Aside from a humorous race gag about Americans abroad thinking they are untouchable ?? it was apparently a joke even at the time ?? you might not be entertained. You'll find it more than a little melodramatic, and obviously one way, but the first thing that came to me after watching it was that it was years before Potemkin's misrepresentation of the massacre revolutionized the language of the cinema. as well as the film's potential for propaganda. It made me wonder: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and "The greatest show on Earth", he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben Hur looked expensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this movie is for 1) movie historians, 2) silent moviegoers, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person exists.
