This first-rate Western narrative of the Gold Rush brings a lot of excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of the five Stewart-Mann westerns to be overlooked. Stewart, once again, takes a fresh look at the ever-present personalities he had in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, he's always looking for himself, that's why he's so surprised when people are nice and kind to him. Ironically, he carries a bell on his saddle without which he will not be able to roll. This shows that he could take care of one person, his companion companion, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann, once again, takes a fresh look at the ever-present personalities he has put in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. He shows violence, enthusiasm, twists, love and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the Dawson City Rapid Enrichment City, alongside their gold partners Calvet and Flippen, and none other than the handsome Roman and his employees . They are unable to leave because Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his shorn "deputies" are going to hang them because they can only get out by Skagway, the town of Gannon. But, ultimately, McIntire addresses them, but not to rally Stewart and / or his fine that he is supposed to owe to the government. Why is McIntire here? He is there to deceive the miners with their demands and their money. People are killed. A sheriff from Dawson is deemed necessary and Calvet chooses Stewart for his quality of rifle. Stewart, however, refuses the job because he plans to get all the gold he can and then retire. He also refuses it because he does not like to help people, because public order always makes someone die. So, Flippen is elected instead. A minor is killed because he is trying to stand up to one of Gannon's men, a nasty and mustachioed sniper named Madden, who carries two guns and is played by Wilke. Flippen tries to stop Madden and see that justice is done, but he can not bear it, so he becomes drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to retreat, but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes that he has to do something, otherwise Gannon will take control of Dawson, set his own rules, and it will become his city, just like Skagway. The public also understands what Stewart needs to do. Another thing that the public realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that separates the Gannon townspeople. If Stewart left, Gannon would take control of the city. If Stewart stays and continues to do nothing about it, the inhabitants of the city will be killed one by one, without mercy and needlessly. This is where a big scene occurs. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his weapon, in the shooting belt, hangs on a pole next to his bed. The gun is near, Stewart is in the background, right behind the door. He looks at her for a few seconds. He throws the slingshot. The canvas is placed on the back of a chair and falls to the ground. It's symbolic, because it throws away its old life, which consisted of worrying only about itself. He comes into his new life to help people when they need help. The film ends with a furious demonstration of good against evil and a feeling of genuine well-being that everything will be fine.
