Definitely spoilers in this review! I love ** ** American Gothic and I've been doing it since I saw it for the first time late at night when it aired on Ch4 UK, at the age of 14. The comparisons made with Stephen King are about right. It's a strange little supernatural town but with fantastic characters in layers. The best of all, and the reason I love him so much, is that he had the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck lacks consciousness, but often works, as he says, by giving people enough rope to hang himself. His manipulation works only because of the weak morality of others. Caleb, though generally a caring, kind and insightful boy, can sometimes show the latent dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters are really good or bad, even the angelic Merlyn showing a wrathful side of reckless revenge in The Plague Sower. On top of that, but having Gail, the closest thing to a maternal figure to Caleb, not only sleeping with but falling in love with Lucas despite all that she knows made me realize that this show would simply go on there and would not apologize. I'm a big fan of Buffy, but when this series tried to become really "dark" in the following seasons, she failed miserably because she had lost her humorous side and was not fully engaged in her ideas. . AG shows that you can have a character morally bankrupt in the heart of the series, while having fun laughing. <br /> <br /> I can not even think of the reason why it was canceled. I'm just going to be too angry at the ridiculousness of it all. There is so much garbage on TV and good original shows that are jostled. Thanks to the emergence of the DVD at least, I can see the show in its entirety! Yes, some of the visuals seem dated, but the strange and terrifying atmosphere is sufficiently provided by the stories. The actors also offer such perfect performances that it largely compensates for the camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone might not appreciate this show is that it's not like X-files where there are cases to "solve" or Lost where there are huge unanswered questions. It's pretty obvious from the start that Lucas Buck has some sort of evil power and the series focuses on Caleb's soul fight. So, this show could frustrate people who are looking for an unknown goal or "truth" to find. Yes, there are mysterious unresolved aspects, such as the truth about the resolution of Gails' parents, but unlike Lost and X-files, this show is not intended to search for more "facts" about it. is happening at the IMO. These are the characters and the way they face moral choices in the twisted world of Trinity. Personally, I would really like to have such a pleasure to see Lucas take advantage of every situation to his advantage. <br /> <br /> In summary, the main thing, what I have to say is to check. I'm sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Also, even if it has been canceled, all the characters have arcs and there is enough stuff in the finale to give a little sense of closure. The only thread that was hanging me was Dr. Matt. Do not be in the last episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would have done anything for a second season, but at least 22 episodes exist and maybe, given the lack of intelligence of some TV directors, I should be delighted that this wonderful show was made !! !
