This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even close to being) ... but rather a Prince Regent's butler, played by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence we are sorely missed). this hole is never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a complete and gruff imbecile, we can not help but heal him, which is not the case at all of his replacement) as being intolerably daft (what he was apparently, according to the Trivia page), not to mention the high and absolutely non-threatening mouth. Edmund can now do just about anything he wants and does it. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, it sometimes becomes depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they still are. He does not seem to run out of money or be in danger. In the second set, the queen was playful and childish and cut off someone's head - or married - on a whim. Here, there is simply never enough stakes for the conflict to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. Too often, it seems like they think the story is pretty funny in itself, so they just rephrase it, not bothering to turn the facts into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how many of them I discovered before I finished, more than a minute away. This is usually not positive when you know the strike line before delivery. Baldrick does not change from last season ... he is still rather pathetic and stupid, leading to an "idiotic" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not throw me into the brutal thing. The sarcastic and verbal spirit can still be good, although it is much less present than before. I would say that almost half of the episodes are quite funny and quite funny, while the other three do not really make me talk about that. I was disappointed with the predictability of some plots and their developments ... I saw many arrive miles away. Some elements try far too hard to be fun and end up being incredibly forced. This continues with the tradition initiated by "II" to let the plans come to an end from time to time. The theme is the worst of the group, credit sequences are the least creative. Overall, this is by far the least favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
