Unfortunately, in such cases, there are so many contradictory stories that everyone tries to blame others that it is almost impossible to get a clear idea of ​​what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (too many) decided to take ALL the stories and give them to the public to let them decide which version of the truth they prefer. As in the real case, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience has the general impression of being dissatisfied (like coffee without caffeine or sex without climax). Polarized without polders are usually frustrating and make you wonder why someone did not do research before publishing it. At least, brag about your fiction film if that's what's happening (and it does). <br /> <br /> That does not mean that there is no great performance here. Kilmer (like Holmes) plays a remarkable role in bringing humanity to an otherwise unworthy character. Kilmer, as well as the real-life lovers and friends who viewed the film, let the public see a selfish and troubled human being who, despite his many faults, was loved and cared for by many (except himself). Kudrow, as Holmes' wife, gives only a glimmer of the dramatic actress she can be, but it's a very remarkable and unforgettable glow. Bosworth's personality was not as emotionally complex as it could have been and needed to show more inner conflict to give credence to what finally happened between Dawn and Holmes (she made it six months after their flight to Florida). Bosworth's apple-cheek performance is both boring and sometimes touching, but does not show the backbone that the real Schiller must have. The other characters blend into the woodwork, which is a shame. Lucas is a great artist who could have played this role if he had been fleshed out for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable of playing the role of biker in the drug trade. <br /> <br /> The fault of this film does not lie with this casting, but with writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup and this kettle filled with so many promises leaves you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less than friendly, but in what movie are they not? Other films, such as the 1989 pharmacy cowboy starring Matt Dillon (who would have been asked to play this role and who would have refused), were working on a similar subject and were mastering it to such an extent that you felt a kinship with the main character at the end of the film despite what he had done. Van Sandt could have given some lessons to James Cox and his crew. If someone had bothered to try to find the truth, it would have been an intriguing story. As it stands, you'll find the accompanying WADD documentary more enjoyable (on the 2-disc DVD) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not very good either ... like most people.
