John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a Rashomon story about the events surrounding the Los Angeles Wonderland in the early 1980s. The story is reconstructed from the story of some participants. There is a story from the point of view of the friend, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He takes part in the assault on the flight at Eddie Nash (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and is supposed to be the same character that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily involved in the drug scene. There is the point of view of John Holmes (interpreted by Val Kilmer), which makes him look like a pawn stuck between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine thirst). There are also tiled mementos of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - performed by Kate Bosworth) filling the spaces between the two stories. It's basically the same period we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights Paul Thomas Anderson describes John Holmes as a slightly heroic character, with tragic but comical karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was rather less and less, a mixed kid who got what he got from his "big" endowment. Director James Cox turns off comedy and makes this episode of John's life a nightmare for all of us. The details of the real murders make this film even more strange. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer drew what he learned from Jim Morrison, from the Doors, improved the performance of the Salton Sea, and then improved it to bring about the deterioration of John Holmes by cocaine . All actors produce a very realistic portrayal of cocaine addicts. The performance of Josh Lucas stands out as one of the best of the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as Thomas Jane's from Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, liked John Holmes as a novelty and had a craving for cocaine like sharks like blood. Cocaine use seems so realistic that it makes you think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop sensation (lots of color and nostalgia from the 70s), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with a lot of jumps. It's tense and grainy. There is no comedy, just an endless rhythm, as if the director was trying to put us in nervous cocaine, fast and nervous to make us feel what the characters felt. This is a graphic film. It's one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at first, then from the point of view of the third person). It's so graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to pause after this scene and remind myself that it was just a movie. This movie is not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
