I recently made a habit of buying any interesting DVDs that Criterion publishes. I guess even if I do not like the movie, Criterion usually provides enough extra material to make up for the flaws in the movie. I read them and buy those that seem to me the most interesting. <br /> <br /> The Million is my last purchase, and I must say that the movie did not disappoint me. It's gay, funny and romantic. Everything is excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would buzz them and sing them all day long. The acting is very good for this kind of film. American classical Hollywood musicals were more about song and dance than about characters and story, but in The Million, the characters are pretty well developed and the story, even if it's not very impressive, not missing at all. I loved the evolution of relationships, especially between Michel and Prosper, one of the best friends in the world. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with many memorable moments. The most perfect scene of the film probably takes place just after the main couple has quarreled. They hide on the stage of an opera performance and the opera singers sing lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret according to their own situation. This is certainly one of the highlights of the history of cinema. The scene managed to make me laugh, to conquer me with a very beautiful love story and to make me smile how clever the director was. I give this film a 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for all those who have the same faith in Criterion as me and who plan to buy it. Of the Criterion disks I now own, The Million contains the fewest features. All she has is a photo gallery (not really useful, we could browse it once) and a rare television interview with René Clair, the director. This piece is of some interest. He was one of many directors to have started in silent film, and when he appeared for the first time in talking cinema, he declared that they represented the death of the film. I think most moviegoers understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it's interesting to hear him explain it. In addition, if you read the description of this film on Amazon.com, note that they were wrong on one important point: not all lines of the film are sung. In fact, it does not contain more songs than a classic musical. In fact, it looks much more like a Chaplin movie, Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My reviews of the disc are not so important. Heck, Criterion has the right to hit me for filing a complaint. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours preparing a movie for which only 20 people (now 21!) Voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if it is, will ever see the movie. Heck, if you look at Criterion's website, The Million can not be found. I have no idea why not. This is something they should really be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly horrible). They did a good job on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can give them!
