Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), a Japanese exchange student who is just starting out doing social work, is sent to help Emma, ​​a semi-catatonic elderly woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous guard, Yoko (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen quickly realizes that something is wrong with Emma and she tries to "see how deep is the rabbit hole". <br /> <br /> Perhaps the success of Night Shyamalan's films may have a late influence. Discrete and slow-paced horror movies are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well and in others, like White Noise (2005), stimulation tends to kill the film. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but it's still a very good movie - it's worth 9 out of 10. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has some important differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. First, it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese movie series that started with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it's extremely close to the first half of Ju-On : The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3. from 2003). Secondly, as in many Japanese horror movies, the slower pace is not so much in the realm of drama as in surrealism. As in the case of a high percentage of European horror, The Grudge should rather be considered a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of the five Japanese entries of the Ju-On Series to date (the fifth is in production), and the writer Stephen Susco largely got rid of linearity and does not worry excessively about logic or intrigue regarding the horror of history. The idea is rather to present a sequence of dreamlike scenes, with a logic of dream, where the focus is on the atmosphere, the goosebumps, the strange, and for many spectators - the fears. The quality of your film will largely depend on your ability to adapt to, or become accustomed to, this different approach to film making (although some of the apparent shortcomings have been filled by previous entries in the film). On the series). Traditionally, the American public considers defects leaving the threads of the plot hanging and giving up the "rules" of the "monster". A more poetic, metaphorical and surreal approach to the film is not yet accepted by the general public in the United States. <br /> <br /> However, even if you're not used to it, it's worth trying to suspend your preconceived film ideas and give The Grudge a shot. It's a well-written, well-directed and well-played film, filled with unusual properties, such as the story intermingling a large number of "main characters" (which is better done here than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, subtle production details (check out Gellar's clothes, which match the color and texture of the outside of Emma's house, when Gellar approaches for the first time), and a material horror of remarkable efficiency. <br /> <br /> Even though it is slower than your average horror film of the past, the pace usually accentuates fear, and that strange events do not fail to entertain horror fans. The supernatural principle of the film is captivating and, based on interviews on DVD with Shimizu, made me pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting sub-texts probably come up with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to ask why so many Japanese horror movies feature frightening children and adults who look like children who scares them. <br /> I subtracted a point for the film that turns slightly into the mystery of the thriller with a flashback "here is what really happened", but even that was quite well done, and if not, it would have been a 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I said all the above, let me finish with a mini-speech: It's not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that the American distributors and studios believe that we need remakes of foreign films to make them suitable for consumption. Original versions of these films should simply be shown in US theaters. It is not necessary to present an almost identical film, it is enough to replace the white American actors by non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good movie, but in the end, I'd rather see something original using this talent and be treated with the latest foreign horror movies - not only in Japanese, but also in Indian, Spanish , Chinese, etc. at my multiplex. In the hope that a person with a certain attraction in the studios will read this, it is also more profitable to do so because (1) you can totally avoid production costs and simply conclude national distribution contracts from which you receive profits, and (2) you can make money with fans like me, who otherwise recover DVDs of foreign movies in foreign versions or even bootleg.
