It is said that David Lynch's films and short films will not please everyone. Dumbland either, perhaps more than ever. I have the feeling that Dumbland, as people find out, will be a real mark of "I understand" or "what the hell". It's not exactly surreal, but absurd to the point of no return. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity can be a kind of ironic intelligence, the manufacturer knows so well how childish and disgusting it is, and this self-awareness is an advantage, not a detriment. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of coarse-drawn shorts, the kind that might not even happen on Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation show (which, I would add, was much in common with both directors in their film). The work is centered on a lummox with an IQ of 20 who has a scared woman of fear and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and / or a stranger. These episodes include small situations like a faulty treadmill, a salesman who can recite Gettysburg's speech while watching a sick brother-in-law, anthills and hallucinations, and wallowing on the couch with noise all around. Lynch continues to experiment because he was constantly for better or for worse during five years, he went back and forth with Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> First, he returns to the sources of his very first short film, Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times, in the use of repetition as It sometimes works extremely well and sometimes not . Sometimes, as with the episode where the person sitting around the house does nothing while his teeth bleed and a fly buzzes around him, the absurdism somehow waxes and weakens with little effect. And even an episode like that of the friend of the guy who passes is funny, it is the same for the comparison between Beavis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and are also captivated by the death of fish and sheep ). What ultimately works is the way Lynch displays delusional abstractions, in the most cruel way, and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what comes closest to surrealism in the "ants", the guy mistakenly sprays a spray of insect repellent (just called "Kill", one of the very economical but fun shots of Lynch poking at company conventions), and envisions ants in a musical chorus line, including solos. And one of the most terribly funny things the filmmaker has ever seen is "get out the stick", where we just see the guy, applauded by his son, who has lodged a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes pop up and once the stick is removed, it does not pay attention to the traffic that waddles like a manhole. Other moments arise like this one in unexpected crevasses, and it is drawn as on a cheap paper with a desire to shock with a coarse language (mainly of the man, as well as the "grandmother", who in one of Lynch's voices the characters are the deepest of all), and a fragile quality reminiscent of the crème de la crème of (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> All the same I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I'd like to put in the hands of someone who has not seen a lot of Lynch yet, let alone anything on his part. There are some small points about society formulated through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer to what we usually think of in real life. However, in general, there are not many things to consider, so I would say that more than half of them see that he hates it passionately. Those who dig the bottomless pits of animated comedy, be ready to burst.
