Dominick (Nicky) Luciano is wearing a "Hulk" t-shirt and is dragging every day to fulfill his task of executioner. He uses his physical power to pick up other people's garbage and transport them to the city dump. He reads comic book hero stories and loves wrestlers and wrestling. Going to WrestleMania with her twin brother Eugene for their birthday is an annual tradition. He speaks kindly to the many people with whom he comes in contact during his day. He reads comics, which he finds in the trash, with a young boy he often passes in front of him when he passes on the path of garbage. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability is due to a head injury that resulted in traumatic brain injury. This injury left him slower, without changing his main strong self characteristic that helps protect others. Dominick is in fact more able to live independently than he seems to be at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick is the main source of income, while Eugene is studying. Eugene has to face the fact that he has to continue his studies in another city and that he has to move away from Dominick. Eugene is also developing a love story that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film focuses specifically on domestic violence and its impact on individuals, families and society as a whole. The tension that rises between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes he has to leave Nicky, exploded on their birthday night. Eugene shouts at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At the moment, Eugene has to face his own fears of being like his violent father, the father against whom Dominick protected him while he was himself a victim of violence. This event cemented the love between the two brothers, who have now become the best friends in the world. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they have to separate has become a real emotional constraint. However, at the end of the film, Dominick will be able to say goodbye to his brother and wish him good luck. Eugene can leave his brother with the certainty that he has started to create a social network of people who care about him and help him in his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnesses the abuse of his friend, he is forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick stops almost completely. He then runs to the hospital after the ambulance to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy is dead, he is confronted by the abusive father who, fearing his testimony, told him that he saw nothing, knew nothing and said nothing, and that if he did, he would kill him. Now that his own life is under threat, he's going to get the handgun that Larry used to kill the rats. He goes to the deceased's place and, under the threat of a revolver, removes the baby from the bereaved family. He runs away and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene goes to the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and they bring back the baby. The abusive father then wields a weapon of his own threat threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw the father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> The question of dysfunctional behavior is highlighted. Although Dominick's instinct to save the baby can be understood, we also see how damaging this reaction is. Dominick put the baby's life and his life in danger. The larger societal consequences of these events are not directly involved, but rather shown through the end of the movies. Despite the more optimistic portrayal of the end, another set of events would likely have occurred, in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possessing a firearm. It is a bit difficult to believe that this has completely disappeared. In addition, even if Dominick is not charged, his community may be stigmatized, even if there were none before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize problematic behaviors and act to prevent them. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene came out in 1988, the same year as another movie, Rainman, which won 5 Academy Awards. . Although Rainman has been a success and has helped raise the profile of people with disabilities, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. Rainman has shown that the traditional American society could perhaps learn and take care of a "scientist", if he is the heir to a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability may be able to take care of and help save members of American society. The message of an independent disabled person may have been too strong for 1988. We hope that one day society will consider the strengths of these people not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
