I collect horror movies from everywhere and have seen the good and the bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Of course, the acting is bad, the screenplay is essentially a mix of all zombie movies together and the quality is low in some places. What you miss is that it's always fun and really fun. The effects range from, as someone has said here, pasty-faced zombies that resemble KISS rejection to very good ones with amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this is for gore and this movie is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a party movie and that's it. Party movie 100% fun. I've heard from various websites that it was actually a "raw montage" of the film that was broadcast in general, but that the current "director's montage" is on DVD and that is of very good quality. I will buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power station that goes wrong and makes zombies. The government closes it, hides the history and sanctions the houses to build. Part of the plant is still underground and these undead are attacking the area. Some actors do a great job. There are rather direct social comments that are insightful and true, good music, brilliant lighting, effective suspense and tons of blood and coolness. A guy is attacked and torn from the lower zone at the very top, if you know what I mean. Then his bowels are expelled from his mouth. Another is torn in two as in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job to that effect. There are a million gags and it's almost ALL the action. I say you have to stop being prude, enjoy life and have more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just received the DVD game and here is what I thought: <br /> <br /> MUCH better picture quality and, for once, I could see the actual film cut made by the director . It's a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets was trying to do with this one. And the commentary also helps, by listening. Sheets talks about the movie in detail. He knows it's a trash zombie movie, but he shows respect to everyone involved. In addition, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others could learn from the field of film. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath are also very fun. I thought it was almost as entertaining as the movie for which it was designed. There are excellent interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with feature stories from such important venues as CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, it's a funny little movie that is VERY rough, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I've seen a lot of DV movies, and some video shots, and a lot of them are pretty bland, but this one really was not. Although newer DV movies are technically superior, they are just not as fun! <br /> <br /> PS - I heard they are now doing this again with a big budget ???
