I just received my copy of this DVD and two disc game and although it was not perfect, I found the overall experience as a fun way to waste time. I must say from the outset that I am a big fan of zombie movies and I really think that the people who made these movies must be too. I also have a weakness for people who try, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people do it. Is this an amazing award-winning film collection? No, not even close. But for what they do with their meager budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is still, was I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here, the answer to both was "Yes". The first of the series is also the most raw. It starts with a kind of accident in a nuclear facility and people are melting or something like that. A few years later, a new housing community was built on the former reactor site. Some children making a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the school. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed and people of the opening start to come out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from fresh rot to the least expensive step on the white face, but they are fun. The whole film ends with a confrontation between the last survivors of the region and the undead, our heroes going to the lower levels of the reactor to eliminate the carnivorous zombies and seal the hole forever! It's pretty old-fashioned, but I think it was supposed to be. Nevertheless, he moves very fast, has buckets of macabre effects and really tries to have style. The acting is uneven, but some good performances shine and you really have to listen to the comment. I went back and looked again with that and found that it was good information on the tests and the fun that the team and the cast had experienced in the film. Director Todd Sheets seems quite proud of his first film, but has no illusions. He knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but he shows respect to those involved. In addition, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others could learn from the field of film. Behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath are also very fun. I thought it was almost as entertaining as the movie for which it was designed. There are excellent interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with feature stories from such important venues as CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, it's a funny little movie that is VERY rough, but still made me laugh and enjoy the ride! I've seen a lot of DV movies, and some video shots, and a lot of them are pretty bland, but this one really was not. Although the new DV movies are technically superior, they are just not fun! Overall, it is a solid publication, albeit a bit flawed, with many extras and TONS of gore and splash. Although I did not break the rules of the movement, I found the series fun and always fun, so I highly recommend this set. Todd Sheets did not try to make award-winning art here, he tried, sometimes even against all odds, to make fun of the zero budget, the horrible madness and, to that end, he managed to rain.
