Thus, Todd Sheets once said that he considered his 1993 epic film, Zombie Bloodbath, as a Z-Epic movie, as his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows how false this statement is. I mean, what makes this one all the more superior? Well, again, Zombie Rampage does not include this mullet, now? <br /> <br /> To understand exactly why the Zombie Bloodbath is considered a great value, you have to remember what the 90s looked like for bad horror fans. A decade that almost bade farewell to cinema B and Z as we knew it. Technological progress, delicate trends and the Internet would make disappear the mysterious charms of the golden years of the s.o.v. And everything remotely resembling the quality schlock was too self-conscious for his own good, going against the purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes over time. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I guess that's the part where I explain the same premises as 500 other zombie movies from the last 40 years. Okay, then, a kind of nuclear reactor accident infects everyone, turning them into flesh-eating zombies, which go wild and inflict some of the most macabre and humorous horror scenes of the '90s. first minutes are cluttered with the most clumsy conversations you can imagine. Conversations that let you know it's not just a low-budget zombie movie, but a Z-level disaster, old man. many acting hysterical, nonexistent to go around, and that goes triple for Mr. Mullet. This guy is really the highlight of the evening. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously regards Zombie Bloodbath as superior to Zombie Rampage amuses me a lot. I mean really, both are full jokes about celluloid, but again, so is Redneck Zombies, so, of course, Todd Sheets is in the company of awsomeness. In 1993, a film of such poor quality would undoubtedly be a parody in its own right, but Mr. Sheets remains on his position, giving us a good old fashionable film, the way he was supposed to be, unconscious, without intelligence and useless. God bless Todd Sheets. For those looking for amazing 90s B-Horror, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a gorehound who got bored around 1990, 1993 would be the perfect time to pick it up. 8/10
