I can not say much more about this film than all the comments on the front page, except - as Jesse says - "these are the berries". All the commentators of a page have written eloquently - almost like the dialogue is in this movie. It is perhaps one of the illusory things we hear so much about, but is generally done in this way by the actors who give the lines: a beautiful scenario. Perhaps Robert Redford exercised strict authority over the actors during the shooting of this film, so that the beauty of the story is not lost. <br /> <br /> I too went to church when I was very young. and in my late teens. The pastor of the church spoke with great eloquence and gentleness, like Reverend Maclean in his church. That, in itself, is a totally different picture that is portrayed from the Southern Baptist churches - no saint-roll in my church. It was a large church, with many different programs to keep its congregation busy - perhaps the most inspiring was the music department with its huge chorus and almost classic hymns. In addition, the congregation on Sunday night was almost entirely young. Are you even aware that it was once safe to go to church on a Sunday night? As I wish it to be again! Watching "A river passes through" is very much like a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As it has been written so beautifully, the sermon of this film is that of the beauties of Montana's open space. Yet, are there not also missile silos? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family members together to lead happy lives - and understand one another - becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the darkest aspects of life, the simplicity of the story gives a lasting impression to your heart, if you will allow it. Speeches and prostitutes are outweighed by the simple old-fashioned community picnic gatherings that this film contains - a stark contrast to modern families who take their kids to Disneyland for shouts of joy and call them "a day together ". There is no harm in that, but as "River" proves, some of its taciturn beauty could only make life richer. This is the third film I saw in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, of different styles and brilliantly interpreted. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, a mostly unknown talent with the exception of "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all members of the cast deserved many awards. Little stories superbly told will give me 10 out of 10 of all movies with violence, foul language, ugliness and "action". I am thinking in particular of "Crash" and most of Arnold's films. This film is a savior for peace.
