(There is not much about spoilers, because there is no plot to reveal, but I guess I'm describing some of what's happening then ...) That's it. It's the most absurd film I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this film, although "weird" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are quite close. the first half-hours or so are really really, really strange music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, except that MJ falls into some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ is piloting a merry-go-round plane through what appear to be half-erased links and cut-out sections in Yellow Submarine (dear lord you could not do then, with a little over an hour, the "film" begins, with lots of clay (a really scary part) spotting our "hero" and the pursuer looking for an autograph.This obviously leaves our head still dumb (cheap songs) somewhat worried, and he manages to lose it temporarily, happy for him because it means he can witness a shooting star and, again, I do not do that, I turns me into a clay bunny He uses this cunning disguise to try to avoid them, but for reasons I do not remember yet, they see it (Oh no!) And the frightful chase resumes.Cue another song ( big shock there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ revives the rabbit until he is hit by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is apparently illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is just as strange, especially MJ cleaning a bar on the air of Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man with his finger only kill the guy, but burn his shadow in the wall, a nuclear fission weapon. Another good time is when MJ, seeing that Mr. Big (Joe "What happened to his career at this point?" Peschi), kidnaps one of the children he was friends with, like by magic, a machine gun and in another moment of violence that spices this seemingly random film, opens fire to everything that moves. One last moment I will be talking about is Mr. J., surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they are more decorated as commando units rather than gangsters, which I guess they are. How is he coming out? Why, he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and a shield. This is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always in a corner and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This film is quite, quite surreal, with little intrigue, and virtually no continuity.
