Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first video clip I've ever seen, apparently. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a god for people, a time when women fainted at his sight before fainting before seeing him, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to be a tribute to all of Michael's successes when he released his famous album Bad, which beat all record records, was the first album to have 6 singles among the top 10. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to playing or keeping a straight story with his audience ?? not really. <br /> <br /> We start quite simply: the music, life, career, success and mania of Jackson, Michael Jackson, the biggest star of the 80s in the world. Later, Jackson is a 1930s-style gangster who uses his powers as a crime character to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to approach the kids, we saw him playing in a field with the kids and their dog. The dog runs away and in search of it, Jackson and the children discover Mr. Big's lair, Frankie Lideo, a drug dealer gangster with an army of henchmen eager to make the entire population of the drug-dependent planet, starting with children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children, but they escape; Jackson asks the kids to meet him at Club 30's, a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the gangster attack on Jackson, and it is revealed here that Jackson is actually a magical gangster who shoots its power of shooting stars. Passing the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and destroys several of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story is about kids at Club 30, and at first the kids are scared, but when Jackson pops up, the scary atmosphere of the club changes and the kids end up in the 1930s. The club is now filled with Zoot contenders and of swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance party with the other members of the club, which serves as a video clip for "Smooth Criminal". At the peak of the song, Mr. Big besieges the club and kidnaps one of the kids, Katie. Jackson follows them into Big's hideout and finds himself surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson by threatening to inject into Katie narcotic addictive drugs. While Katie succeeds in catching Joe Pesci's glasses and freeing herself from any injection, Mr. Big decides that he has enough and orders his men to kill Katie before finishing Jackson, but not before a shooting star. do not pass. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yes, you want more strangeness? Watch the movie <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour. Michael's success and hard work make his fans appreciate him again. Is it especially to fuck his album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes to praise his talent, and then we move on to his song called "Leave Me Alone," which is a bit hypocritical. It's not a great song, it's just a little twist of events. . Then, when we avoided the crappy game, the story was incredibly weak: the villain spelled his name out loud while Michael and Katie spied on him, lol, Michael is suddenly a transformer, the big plan of the villain is to make children high? The villain also has a kind of massive ray cannon that would make Marvin the Martian blush. But if there is one new thing that is incredible that the film gives us, it's the new Smooth Criminal video. This clip is perfect, it's a choreography, it's a set, it's a song, it's a smooth style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was amazing. I loved Moonwalker when I was a child, I always watch it for fun, but it's not the best movie anyway, it's pretty silly, but that's fine if you're also a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br /> 7/10
