SAPS AT SEA is obviously a pun on a film by Gary Cooper, SOULS AT SEA. The title describes the star team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who go to sea to appease Ollie's nerves before bumping into Nick Grainger, the runaway killer. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both fun and scary, making it an excellent showpiece for Boys comic characters. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never party Boys, a tribute to the seductive charisma of Stan and Ollie. This is how it should be, since the Boys are supposed to be the protagonists of this film. <br /> <br /> The charm of Laurel and Hardy's characters is such that they raise average content. For SAPS AT SEA has its slow points. For example, as a previous commentator noted, a doctor (the very annoyed James Finlayson) tries a balloon called "Lung Tester" on Ollie, lacks punch. The scenario is very episodic, the first part taking place in the boys' apartment, almost unrelated to the second part where they go to sea. But overall, the film is a very pleasant entertainment with a running time short enough for him not to be welcome. <br /> <br /> The last collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer is moving. Hal Roach. I have not seen all of Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 films, but the ones I've seen are not up to the lowest Hal Roach products. In these latest films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an extraterrestrial environment, devoid of such colorful support players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and the catchy musical scores of LeRoy Shield and Marvin Hately. They are also not the optimistic and well-meaning thugs we know and love, but in subsequent films they are either maddening plugs or pathetic misfits. <br /> <br /> Too bad that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally unavailable to the public. Even in a minor entry like SAPS AT SEA, we can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. Indeed, Hal Roach has, for the most part, left all artistic freedom to Stan Laurel, the spearhead of the team. Once Laurel lost its autonomy in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
