This is the third time I've been trying to connect two teams of legendary movie comedies: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here dates from 1940. This is the date when the first had his latest film from their long-time studio, Hal Roach. I will mention later the importance of the latter. In addition to being the last time Stan and Ollie worked on the Lot of Fun, it was also the last time they would perform with actors as well known as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson, who figured in most of their films. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd plays the role of cameraman and Marvin Hatley, who composed their theme song entitled "The song of the cuckoo (Dance of cuckoos)" - their score. And that would be the last time Stan Laurel would be allowed to exercise complete creative control over what's going on in the movie. If there is a more loaded gag order than usual in this L & H movie, it's good to know that most of these gags are really fun. This includes most sound and visual effects, the latter being provided by Roy Seawright, a long-time member of Roach. In this one, Ollie is "hornophobia" working in a factory of loud horns. Dr. Finlayson therefore recommends him to go to sea to rest. As Ollie does not like to go by boat, Stan suggests renting a moored model so you do not have to go anywhere. After finding one that pleases them, we discover that the convict Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop here and say that this final was as good as it could be. Hope for L & H's longtime home. It's hilarious especially from start to finish and know that it would be their last, because the man partly responsible for their team is really moving when you think about it. Oh, and I have a few more to mention: this is the last appearance in the Harry Bernard movie, which plays the role of a harbor policeman after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as policeman, and Ben Turpin, the comedian with crossed eyes. was born in New Orleans, a few hours from my home town of Baton Rouge, whose second appearance in L & H was to "marry" the boys of Our Wife. This last interpreter has especially a real moment of comedy. Okay, I mentioned that 1940 was the year Stan and Ollie had their last movie from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a team of comedians, both born in the state of New Jersey, made their first photo in what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of this film would be the same as the one who guided L & H in The Flying Deuces the year before. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. It was during this shoot that scenario supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a coiled carpet. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send his roses to his hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. This lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
