The result is BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two hard-to-beat movies. It's not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless you insist on JITTERBUGS or another of the latest movies) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just that it's a little movie without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS nor the amazing sight of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD in which to revel. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two movies a bit, but that's not a bad point for that. He has just enough time to hit the right notes. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a corn production plant. I suspect there was a bit of Chaplin's influence in this sequence (we remember a similar incident on the assembly line in MODERN TIMES only four years ago). Oller's nerves eventually break and he breaks loose. He goes home and (naturally) his roommate Stan does not help him - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric teacher on his instrument (you have it, a trombone). After defeating the poor teacher, Ollie has problems with the incompetent concierge / engineer (Ben Turpin in a beautiful brief appearance), then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tester (a balloon that swells up as you expel Ollie's belly). Finleyson announces that this is a bad case of "horniphobia" and Ollie needs a relaxing holiday in calm and goat milk. They eventually board a ship but Ollie and Stan know nothing about boating - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship leaves the road. In addition, unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a dangerous escaped criminal. It will not be a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (as A CHUMP) could have been three shorts, one at the factory, one at the apartment and one on the boat. Each of these films would have been a success and they all made a funny movie, but the assembly of the pieces shows well. There are some very entertaining moments in the film - discoveries of how Turpin's ineptness causes various incidents with water faucets and furnaces in the apartment; the accidental remarks of Charlie Hall, the building manager, when Stan or Ollie comes to him and asks him his way ("Can you help me find the basement?" asks Stan - "You can not certainly not to miss it, it's down! ", says Hall, who realizes what stupid comment he just made); and Cramer's mistreatment of his two slaves as hostages. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the older brothers of the Cardinal of Saint-Louis in the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's THE PRIDE OF ST. LOUIS). Cramer asks the boys to prepare food for him - and they make a synthetic meal (spaghetti laces, for example) to make him sick and to control him. When he realizes what they did, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not up to the first line of Laurel & Hardy's films, but it's a good film as a whole and a good conclusion of the best years of their film. movie career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. A few years ago, it appeared that the boys and Roach had serious problems of production costs (NOS RELATIONS, where Stan was producer of the film), artistic problems (scenes of SWISS MISS were cut without any sense) and appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie responded with THE FLYING DEUCES, in which the production was not that of Roach, but that of Boris Morros. Finally, a two-image contract from A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems, and the boys left the group on a positive note. Unfortunately, they have never found relationships as fruitful as ever with a producer.
