In my opinion, Spider-Man is the best superhero of all time and this game is the best superhero game of all time. While this may seem easy, you have to play several times to get all the comic book costumes and covers, which explains how easy it is to play. It may seem difficult to master at first, but once you master the situation, you will find yourself on Spider-Man. </ P> fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be the case, because, as comic book fans know, Scorpion is one of Spider-Man's most deadly villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The 3rd boss is Venom, which is in my opinion the easiest boss of the game, which certainly should not be. The 4th boss is still Venom. This time, it is a little harder to beat but remains easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who, in my opinion, is the most fun boss to fight. He's also one of the toughest bosses, but again, he's still pretty easy. The next boss is Carnage, which is, you guessed it, easy to beat. But Carnage is rather fun to fight. The 7th boss is Dr. Octopus, who is like all other bosses easy, but not as easy as others because he has a shield. The 8th and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic book or cartoon. I will not spoil you for those who have not played the game, but the boss is the only boss of the game that is not so easy. He took me 4 or 5 attempts to beat while the others beat me on the first or second try. <br /> <br /> In total, a very good match. I gave him an 8 out of 10. The reasons I did not give him a 9 or 10 are that once you got all the comic book costumes and covers, it gets pretty boring (get all that stuff will take a while). , it's not very accurate from the comics or the cartoon, the bosses are too easy, and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight against someone one who flies in the air. ! They did not use them in the rest of this game either! Well, the Green Goblin is the villain of the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will create a video game based on the movie.
