Jacknife is a war movie as far away as war movies. It can hardly be called a war movie, because the only way for a war to have an effect on the story or the characters is in their memory, and even these are barely ever shown to us. This poses very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the movie's slogan says that only one of them is really alive (and indeed, even though the slogan refers only to Dave (Ed Harris ) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), he talks about the three characters of the film). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War and Megs is back to take Dave on a fishing expedition that they have been planning for much longer than you could have guessed. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides a perfect representation of Megs' character, who does not really know if we would like or if he's really as crazy as Martha thinks. Dave repeatedly reminds Martha that Megs is not his friend, but simply a person he knows. At the beginning of the movie, there's a great scene in which Megs went out to get a beer pack of six in his car for breakfast, and he's right around the corner when Dave says it. Megs pauses for a moment, then enters the room with a smile and a huge bow. It's only later that you realize what Meg must have felt when he heard that, after being the one who remembers what they planned to do that day. It reminds me of the phantasmagorical aspect of the old "Of course, let's do it", something people say so often, never wanting to do the same thing. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a magnificent performance as Dave, who never overcame the effects of the war on him. Although many years later, he did not manage to overcome the death of a friend during the war, still blaming himself today and drowning in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is that people leave him alone. He is not a man who lives his life as he wishes, whether he is left alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, to be as detached as possible from world of the living. <br /> Her sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old and who act as if they are still living with their mother, expecting their damage to simply disappear when they leave the room for a while. One in one (the oldest, unfortunately), has no idea how to take care of himself, I'm surprised he does not have to wipe his chin while he eats. Martha has to do pretty much the same thing for her brother, whom she patiently waits from one foot to the other as he staggers in life, from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and none of them can escape before something major changes, and Dave is the one to do it. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies where it does not belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about these pathetic small pathetic devices, red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think that the romance that develops between Megs and Martha had a negative impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it all the more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic side-tricks in Bruckheimer's movies, and that's that they're so predictable that you're just waiting for the obvious end and hoping that something interesting will happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something is going to happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha might be right about him, that he's one of Dave's warriors and that he's not the kind of man she should go out with. Dave certainly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A few years after this film, DeNiro played at Cape Fear, where he played a disturbed criminal to take revenge on the lawyer who had him disembarked in prison. in retrospect, it's pretty easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife, Martha realizes her mistake, gets rid of Megs, and she reconciles with Dave because he saved her from a horrible relationship and that he then decides to put his house in order because he has done something good for her. I was almost expecting that to happen. So I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs were together and even more pleasant when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they planned to do after the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's a slow drama, but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and has a huge advantage at the end, which surprisingly manages to be sapped without being cheesy. There is almost an excess of emotion at the end of the film that barely fits the rest of the film, but it is so good that it does not hide anything the film has done so far. Everyone involved gives a wonderful performance. It's one of those rare films that almost makes you want to get up and fist your fists in the air.
