The combination of Novella's reading and the visualization of this film inspired my wife and me to new levels. Recently, I was reflecting on a statement by artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspiring books; He says: "You and I were not designed to breathe the foul air of traffic at five o'clock, nor do I think that God has trivial television programs, hype, cheap shopping, and pollution. the soul when he created the universe. "I had not seen" A River Crosses It "for a few years, but after thinking about Kinkade's statement, something led me to watch the movie. a spiritual eye. I watched it and saw a whole new world in the film and it inspired me to read the book (to read absolutely). I was always frustrated in Southern California, but found myself trapped in his materialistic society. The film really puts into perspective how we should really experience God's creations. A combination of Macleans' story and my desire to return to the northwest pushed me to relocate to Montana. I want my future children to be able to roam the landscape, fly with me, ride horses in open land and serene lakes in the mountains. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal and all I see are shopping malls, rude people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on congested highways, gangs, racial disturbances on the verge of a violent eruption and all the world skeptical about their intentions. <br /> Anyway, the film is very inspiring with a brilliant action game and a deep story about the fragile relationships of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The landscape is worth the trip alone and helps to ease tensions. You should end this film both relaxed and rich in ideas about your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to grasp the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director achieves its objectives through dialogues, tone, light, colors, backgrounds, angles / movements of the camera, etc. This movie is probably not for the public who thinks "The Fast and the Furious" is the biggest film. Admittedly, it was fun but superficial. <br /> <br /> The essential thing: this film makes it possible to understand that life is not about how much money you have or what you have. It's more about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together. Quality not quality
