"The Italian" is one of the big or almost big movies of 1915 available today. The year was a turning point for the feature film, especially American: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites", Cecil B. DeMille's "The Cheat" and, of course, DW Griffith's "The Birth of a Nation" sets new standards for art. In addition, that year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best images, "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French series "The Vampires" also has its admirers today, although I do not agree with them. The emergence of the feature film was led by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but the market dominated and, to a certain extent, art was transferred across the Atlantic in 1915. </ p> br /> <br /> The most important artistic achievement of "The Italian" is its astonishing and often innovative cinematography. There are picturesque sunsets, a mobile frame, including a brief plan above the Italian race to buy an alliance and another plan holding it on a moving car. In general, it makes sense to use varied camera angles and lighting throughout. A particularly astonishing photo is a close up of the enraged Italian who slowly approaches the camera for a very close shot, in reference to D.W. Griffith's "Musketeers of Pig Alley" (1912). He is so enraged that his environment is even starting to shake around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the filmmaker seems to be unknown. The director, although initially without credit in the film, is now known to have been Reginald Barker. Five of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but are rather innocuous. 'Civilization' (1916), on which he worked, was a great production, but a deeply flawed film. By the way, I guess one or more of the different directors of photography who worked on "Civilization" also photographed "The Italian". <br /> <br /> In addition, the entire production is very advanced for the time. Venice and New York are well made despite the shooting of the film in Los Angeles (for fictionalized Venice) and San Francisco (for the ethnic slums of New York). There is a lot of backtracking, but maybe one or two too many. I especially like the clever framing of the story that was read in a book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the main actor of the main narrative. The reading of the story is also briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and the closing at the end of the curtains, at the theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the heyday of revenge in the chamber of the child, with opening and closing. window curtains. The parallel edition, the camera dissolves and irises, among others, are managed with expertise. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams, as a wife, play their role well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "The Italian" has some disadvantages. The film's first comedy moments collide in a rather disharmonious way with the last parts of a hard and heavy melodrama, although the environmental changes of romanticized Italy to the New York naturalist work well - mainly because they are supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, reinforced by dark photography, must have been poignant for the immigrant classes that at that time constituted a disproportionate population of moviegoers. The character of Corrigan should have been more prefigured; his brief introduction in favor of another politician seems inadequate for his later central role in the Italian's revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medically naïve or careless, not to explain the infant's lack of breastfeeding and unwarranted confidence in the healing power of calm for the other child. In addition to the flaws of the plot, "The Italian" is exceptionally well done.
