Did you see the graduate? He was hailed as the film of his generation. But a river runs through the history of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was plunged into the traps of the modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same overwhelming pressure of growth as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like the postwar Montana be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Wild West was still not completely gone? What has Maclean exploited so deeply in the strike of who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? At the beginning of the film, Norman is an old man fishing the fish by the river, trying to understand the course that his own life has followed. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the tide of time and time. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian minister and a devoted mother. Parents are perfectly suited to their roles. Mom takes care of the house and at home. Dad does the Lord's work. Boys think about what they will be when they grow up. Norm reduced him to a boxer or a minister like his father. If he had a choice, little Paul would be the boxer, since he told him that his first choice of professional fly fisherman did not even exist. Boys grow up and have problems with their pranks, fight to see who is the hardest and do what the brothers do, while going to church and taking part in all the other spiritual things like fishing. fly. They are at similar times in their life before college. But when Norm returns from his six years in Dartmouth, the situation is very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master Flyfisherman. Graduate of a college and a close journalist who knows each police officer of the group and each judge of the seat. Norman is incredibly well educated for his day but has no idea what he will do with his life, even if his father explains what he intends to do. You have the feeling that at least for Pops, God will call you to the work of your life. But you must remain open and ready to receive it - all your life. Father has always brought his boys to think along the river's edge and contemplate the eternal words of God. "Listen," asks their father. It's both zen and quakerly. Radical enough for a stoic ecclesiastic. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even if the Macleans are truly a God-fearing family, who respects the scriptures, how come Reverend Maclean's family is undoing? Paul is perfection when he is fishing the river, but he feels the game and the alcohol, while his family does not know how to stop him from heading where he seems to go. Mom, dad and brother all seem to have the same desperation of not knowing what they should do and why they can not seem to help. Pauly is content to say it with a smile and irresistible charm. But the little brother is losing his grip. Norman begins his life, finds love and a career, but Paul continues to slide. The family who loves it looks helpless. Mother, Father, Brother struggled in their way trying to help, but none very effectively. How can a family who loves each other so much be so ill equipped to handle this? How can a person be so clever and full of grace when in the nature of God, while being unfit or reluctant to integrate into the structures of society that the people of God were created? These are all questions Norman will reflect on all his life. The eternal words beneath the smooth stones of the river haunt him forever, but keep their secrets. The film is beautiful to watch. It is certainly the land of God, and his filming won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story of the book and teases the narrative a bit to follow the emotional pattern it presents, and it works well. But go back and read the book too. You will see that Norman has forged deeper ties with his old man than the film has suggested - and you will see the places where the very words of the narrator glide and sing right away on the page, with the exuberance of a river that flows through the unknown.
