I read the news of Norman Maclean and the film did justice to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to re-read it occasionally, and I have re-read it and scenes from the film come to mind. We have videos of many of Redford's films and we have seen "A river crosses it" several times. Redford is part of the "family" as he is always there. We never get tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean's writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me of my own education because my father had the same call as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A river runs through", "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a phrase that is not in the news, but I think it's a fun phrase! My husband and I are knowledgeable Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard a movie critic say that the pace of this movie is too slow. I do not agree. As a search for inner peace, this is the type of film that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature at three / four beats of the metronome. The photography is exceptional! The acting game is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul, as boys, talked and wondered if it was possible to fly or box! As an adult, Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism but will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait. He also needed help, but would not accept the fact that he needed it. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family has to wait forever to say thanks! Finally, after hours, they all knelt around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal has remained on the plate! This scene where the two love birds and their tattoos on their hind legs! It's funny! Sunburn! The return home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to take the train line! Nice dialogue when Norman offers Jessie because he wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does a remarkable job as a narrator. I could not help but compare Brad to young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The director, producer and actor named is a visionary who deserves to be commended for his advancement, not only in American cinema, but around the world. I'm happy to live in 1900 because I saw the beginning of black-and-white television, cinema and all the technology and special effects, being able to watch videos at home and live in the same century that Redford had the chance to see his works. Redford needs no special effect to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. For me, the river means that line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the Creator's hands beautifully and a river runs through it.
