Coonskin could be my favorite film of Ralph Bakshi. Like the best of his job, he is in the head and is not ashamed for a second, but unlike some of his other works (even when he's at his best, who was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards ), it is not very uneven, despite appearances. Bakshi attacks stereotypes and perceptions of the breed, of course, but also realizes what appears to be a freewheeling film; blaxploitation almost, although Bakshi does not stop there. If it were only a film of blaxploitation with an inventive animation, it could be enough to create a substantial function. But Bakshi's objectives are more ambitious: by spreading these grotesque and exaggerated images representing not only blacks, but also Italians / mafioso, homosexuals, Jews and New York types in the urban areas of Manhattan in the 1970s. he does not want to do anything realistic. The most natural creation in a "real" appearance is actually a nude woman painted in red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> By mocking these stereotypes and conventions and these horrible forms of racism -brabbit, baby "joke, yes joke, more black-faced", we look at abstraction to a large extent. Best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a film like Bamboozled, when he transmits his message, which is why, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious work in which found some images and things done, sudden twists and, of course, scenes of uncomfortable behavior (I loved the scene where the three characters animated by the white couple of real life in tuxedos and dressed as "colorful" and so on), are just too much not to laugh.It's not just imagery, which in itself is incredibly "too" stylish, but the scenario is accurate and, this is the key to Bakshi this time- here, the scenario is coherent enough to chain improvisations and madness. <br /> <br /> First use the live action, then the animation, then an extremely intelligent pairing (ironically, what Bakshi later chose in commercial form with Cool World is do here at a T with less money Pappy and Randy are waiting in front of a prison wall for a escaping boyfriend, and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit, who with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox go to Harlem and become big thugs, with Rabbit in direct opposition to a godfather of Jabba-the-Hut-esquire. This is obviously a takeoff of Song of the South with its intentionally zany intrigue and animation, here disassembled and shown to show how rotten and offensive they are. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi opts for bankruptcy by combining forms; animated characters stand behind and move with real action sets; when there is violence, gunshots and fights, it is as bloody as it can be for 1975; when a dirty cop is in a bar and he is drugged and put in black and a dress, he stumbles so that even Disney can not reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent while the climax is filmed in wild slow motion; archival footage appears from time to time in older films, some of which are not in their twenties. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin is above all an entertainment and then the second, the provocation of thought. It is also a daring film on an independent scale; From the editing to the montage and the constantly distorted drawings of the characters (all based on the theme of the play), all the elements are used in the scenario, where the plot of his film B opens up many more possibilities for interpretation. To call him racist misses the point; it is as if we call Dr. Strangelove atomic desolation or the Confederate States of America slavery. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
