After finally watching Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to Coonskin-on's Afro Video, which I linked to Google Video. Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas) years before adding Michael to his middle name professionally. ) while the latter two escape from prison. During their attempt, Pappy tells Randy a story of Brother Rabbit (the voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White) and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of Bakshi's efforts, there is a mix of live action and animation that provides a unique point of view of the screenwriter / director that will surely shock some people. Miss America is another exciting and animated character. She is a white blonde woman, dressed in stars and red stripes, white and blue, who holds well in the skin of a little black man. some of the most sexually violent ways that were shocking to me! There are many scenes of this type that dot the image, including another one about Brother Bear's frontal anatomy also made me laugh. There is also a segment of a woman who tells her baby a "cockroach" with which she was a friend and who left her moved. This part seems to be a tribute to the cartoon artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated to hear the version of "Is not No Sunshine" by Grover Washington Jr. heard as part of the score. The most fascinating part of the picture was to see the Scatman himself represented with his head in silhouette during the opening credit sequence singing and arguing in a song that makes him use the word-N in a satirical way . When I saw a cover of this film a few years ago, Brother Rabbit had been insolent about what looked like Warner circles with the slogan "This movie will offend EVERYONE". This is a sufficient warning for anyone who thinks that all caricatures are for children. That said, I really recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and all forms of animation.
