An amazing achievement occurs when a kind of phenomenon occurs !! Whether firecrackers leave, witness a theft, a hurricane devastating everything that happens in its path, or even any other spectacular event! In the case of the Maclean family, however, the awakening was no more complex than their daily lives ... At the beginning of the twentieth century, Montana was a rough and tumultuous environment ... The Maclean family consisted of four people. the people, the father, a minister, who was ideologically motivated to raise his family well. His wife feared God and was respectful. Both boys were good ... GUYS !! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this movie was remarkable to say the least! .. His brother, Norman, was cerebral, he was touched by sincere emotions and motivated by a set of Missoula values, Montana agreed with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a misfit on the offensive side and lived on a razor's edge ... One would think that Montana in the 1920s had nothing like it, but in a way or a other, the game, alcohol and violent confrontations were just as much part of Paul, as was his fishing rod fly! Fly fishing!! Did I say that? In parentheses, it was the heart of the theme of this film !! Fly fishing recreation served as a consistent link that homogenized the Maclean brothers' related spirits and, to a lesser extent, the father !! I would say that the game in this film is incredibly believable and that cinematography has gone beyond sensationalism. Express it this way: everyone who sees this film will want to live in Montana. and the excitement that the Maclean brothers have experienced all their lives ... You are rarely a witness in a film that feelings immediately invoke tenacious tenacity to accomplish whatever anyone wants to accomplish. The Maclean brothers lived their lives to the full. better or worse, the father knew it would be the only way for them to become men !! ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of Maclean's through the perspective of his older brother, Norman ... Norman is offered a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and wife the woman he will always be in love ... What the film also highlights is that the youngest brother, Paul, has reached Nt being the epitome of a remarkable fly fisherman !! The youngest in life prevails in the younger brother's life and has an insidious form of consternation for the Maclean family !! At a time when most human weaknesses are disappearing, the Maclean family has brought to light turbulent waters (literally) and has thus established unity as a family by putting the necessary blinkers !!! <br /> <br /> The end of the film "River Runs Through It" presents an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother .. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his years of achievement !! Such a destiny is largely due to the fact that thinking about one's life is tantamount to aspiring to the dead! The beautiful memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be considered with philosophy! For Norman, his life has been relegated to the rank of stubborn facts that have determined his dubious prospects and his precarious resolution! Something as simple as the statement "It was your life, and that's how you lived it" is a dark memory of the joy, the pain, the regret and the love that he gave, as well as the recipient of !! Better stuck in the last sermon he heard from his father, his father said: "We can completely love someone without understanding him perfectly" ... That you agree with what happened in your life or not, it's still happened! Norman Maclean must realize that his life has been fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a decrepit octogenarian who is polarized by virtual conclusions of his life! The murky waters of Montana's picturesque rivers serve as a vicious and disheartening finale to his years on earth! Without a doubt, the very prolific statement of "What seems complicated is really very simple" conveys a very acrimonious message in this film ... More simply ... The people and places that have played an important role in the life of Norman are no more than a bittersweet. memory ... simply a painfully intellectual rumination about events aggravated by the haunted waters of the beautiful streams and rivers of Montana ... What, for all the Maclean family, "all things are confused and a river crosses"
