There is a legion of Mick Garris haters who believe that he could not make a quality horror movie if he had to. And SLEEPWALKERS (.. script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example. I like SLEEPWALKERS, even though I'm fully aware that Garris is just saying that it's screwed up and let hell go wild for about fifteen minutes in the movie. Forget the development of the character or the plot, who needs it anyway. It is a violent chaos and a bloody carnage as a mother and son of "sleepwalkers" (feline-human metamorphic creatures that suck the life force of innocent virginal virgins, moving out of town in town, living a nomadic existence, really powerful) looks at a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before all is over, many will be slaughtered because a mother will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris wasted little time preparing those who will be executed, as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspicious of the beautiful, the American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) is quite different from this he claims, has his hand torn and his neck torn. Charles catches pretty virgins in his arms, drawing their energy, "feeding" his hungry granny, Mary (Alice Krige). The recent new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be an easy target, but that will not be the case and when Charles will be seriously injured in a fight (.. thanks to the cat of a Member of Parliament, Clovis), Mary's vengeance will be reaped on everyone who gets her way. Mary, whatever the speed of the sea, will find Tanya to "refresh" her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenage girls, I had a crush on some of the actresses I watched in the movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I fell in love with Mädchen Amick. She's just adorable in this film and I love how she bites her bottom lip, showing obvious attraction to Charles, ignoring his ulterior motives. I just knew that Mädchen Amick would be destined to be a screaming queen, but that would never be the case. Too bad, because I would have welcomed with open arms in the genre. <br /> <br /> Krige is delightful as a menacing, sexy, but nasty and nasty bitch that eliminates a whole police force and poor Tanya's parents. in one shot, in less than ten minutes or so. She stabs one in the back with an ear of corn! She bites the fingers of poor Ron Perlman, before splitting his arm (a protruding bone), knocking him unconscious from his own elbow! She throws Tanya's mother through a window after breaking a rose vase on her father's face! A deputy is stabbed in the ear by Charles (Cop-kebab!) And falls on the pencil for more impact. Poor Tanya is dragged by her hair home by Mary, taken to the Brady home and forced to embark on an impromptu dance with the crippled monster! The sheriff is thrown on a palisade and we see how cats fight sleepwalkers unlike humans. We see the abilities of Mary and Charles to "darken" as well as his car using a power of invisibility. Writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and his fellow horror directors in a sequence of crime scenes with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as Forensic Officers, Joe Dante and John Landis in as experts in photography. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in tongue-in-cheek, let it all hang out with music appropriately pounding this technique at home. This is ultra-violence, as simple as it is, with deranged behavior and a black humor of water complimenting Garris' direction and King's storyline. The incestuous angle of sleepwalkers is a little shocking and in great shape. Without a hint of complexity, this is closer to King's MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE than his more serious works.
