Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century. Who does not know of these two? There must be countless fans dying to make a film about them. Sandy Collora has set up a trailer for such a film (which does not exist and is not created, let alone by this team). Perhaps the most important thing is how polite he is. Cinematography is solid. The editing is perfect. The values ​​of production, even when the costumes are more like their comic counterparts than the feature films featuring this character, are quite high. It's more like "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types agree, as far as I know, with each character. The lines are reasonably written. The shots are well thought out, well done and quite effective. However, this poses problems, and although beautiful, it does not quite match the energy and talent of Grayson (who had only the problem of too frequent rocking between a short film and a trailer unbridled passion leading to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). The acting game is perhaps the most obvious. It's not good. Even some people who only have one line and / or do not appear on the screen are struggling to get good performance. The actors in the roles seem to have been chosen more for their resemblance to the characters they play than for their talent. Then there is writing. Really, the plot, well, what a tiny sum there is (this and this character is associated, something about a diabolical plot ...) is fine. There is a problem in the characterization. Although most of the characters seem to match, Two-Face is, let's say, just about as much as a wicked madman (which is, as far as I know, not what the character is), as he was in Batman Forever (and having your work on representing any element of the Batman Universe against Joel Schumacher's efforts may be considered the biggest insult to a fan). Moreover, putting this character in this situation will lead to comparisons between this trailer and this film (honestly, Collora is practically * begging * with a similar initial revelation) to do, and, let's face it, it loses Everytime. the respect. Michael Antonik certainly does not have the screen presence of Tommy Lee Jones, and makeup (which we think is essential) is less powerful than that of the film (whether it is good or not in the movie the film is another case). What is sad is that although Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much more interested in comics, and get them, their depth is better (not to mention more able to come up with a compelling plot ). Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), Collora seems to be the one who has access to funds and the one who is most likely to have contacts (due to non indie credits on his filmography) for have a chance to make a real feature of his trailer. I intend to look at other works of Collora. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work will interest me the most. I recommend it to fans of the characters. 7/10
