Being a fan of genre film, a child of the 80s AND a fan of hard rock ... this film occupies a special place in my heart. It contains everything you can wish for in a supernatural movie: action, exceptional special effects (for 1986) and glam-rock guitar soundtrack. It was definitely the movie for all heavy metal fans at the time. I did not see that at the movies because it was never shown in cinemas here ... but its popularity in the mid-eighties confirmed its cult status and eventually led to an outing on DVD (unfortunately mediocre) in 2002. If you're not a fan of scary movies or rock music, it's probably not your cup of tea ... but, believe me, there are worse movies of that guy over there ... and, despite the average gameplay and some outrageously ridiculous situations, Trick or Treat is without a doubt a lamentable riff above the usual horror rate. You will never watch your stereo again in the same way. Or should I say an MP3 player? <br /> <br /> TRIVIA OR TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played villain Skippy Handelman in the popular sitcom comedy 'Family Ties.' After a series of live flops like "Little Devils", "Killer Tomatoes eat France" and "The Rescue", he gives up playing in a comedy career. Recently, he was considering a return to television. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a major producer / screenwriter in Hollywood. He has written and produced several major movies and television series including: "Space: Above and Beyond", "The Final Destination" of X-Files, "The One''Willard" by Jie Li and, more recently, "Final Destination 3 ". <br /> Tony Fields (Sammi) began his career as a dancer in the television series "Solid Gold". He appeared in several low-budget movies and TV shows before landing his mind-blowing role as the devilish Sammi Curr in "Trick or Treat". Unfortunately, Tony died of AIDS-related cancer on February 27, 1995. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is likely to be remembered for his pioneering role in homosexual twenties Matt Fielding in the popular sitcom 'Melrose Place'. Since then, he has had a varied and varied acting career, appearing in movies and TV series such as: 'The One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation' and in the short science fiction series Joss Whedon 'Firefly'. Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo in the hit series "Desperate Housewives".
