I heard about this movie while watching VH1's "100 Most Metal Moments". On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo) and several other interviewees explained how horrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I'm often more interested in watching movies that have the reputation of being ridiculously bad than a movie masterpiece, for example. The advantage of having this attitude is that half the time, I discover that the movies are not nearly as bad as people have said, and I end up enjoying a lot more than I thought at the beginning . It was my experience with "Trick or Treat." Now, it's hard to make a film about a teenager who receives the messages of a dead heavy metal star playing one of his vintage records upside down without anyone making fun of him. Of course, it's certainly a strange premise, but one that has never been done before! Give filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you're looking to buy the DVD without having any previous knowledge of the film, do not believe that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, although Simmons has a thankless role, Ozzy behaves like a reverend (yes, a reverend !!) who denounces heavy metal. On the one hand, it's fun to see Ozzy with short hair. And on the other hand, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Of course, it's a low blow, but effective. The acting game is very good. I found the performances convincing. The teen characters are horribly clichés. So expect the usual range of jocks and nerds. And as in each of these films, the pretty girl is an honest person who has sympathy for the insane main character, but who continues to go out with her boyfriend Jock. Why is she coming out with such a fool? Because the plot needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is to watch the evil jocks of these films dwindle, as I was an outcast in high school. The film kept my interest for most, but the third act is much too conventional and made me roll my eyes because there would be a predictable situation after another. But overall, the movie is not at all bad and definitely worth watching on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
