Without a doubt the best horror product of heavy metal made in the 80s, which does not seem to be commonplace, considering the abominable number of other entries in this strange sub-genre of film like "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks". "" Terror on Tour ", and rock star stinker Jon-Mikl Thor," Rock'n'Roll Nightmare "tended to be, but he still deserves to help us minimize excessive spatter. and to create an unimaginable special effect on the f / x characters, in favor of teenage high school characters portrayed with more acuity and verisimilitude than the norm for teens of the mid-80s. Scarefest targeted. the sardonic point of the film alluding to the ridiculously exaggerated heavy metal stupidity of the 80s and the nauseating perversity of the twisted conservative stiffness that claimed the devil's music was very intelligent and amusing (the famous god of heavy metal Greed Decade, Ozzy) Osbourne has a touch of hilarity as an anti-metal TV evangelist!) <br /> <br /> Marc Price (Skippy, Skippy's desperate in "Family Ties") give a performa Astonishingly strong and winning as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a geeky, socially clumsy and severely persecuted heavy metal lover, who is constantly harassed by the jerk preppie fools who make up the majority of the student body at Lakeridge High School (the cruelty and pettiness of high school students are nailed with painfully credible accuracy). Eddie's life worsens when his rock star idol Sammi Curr (an awesome portrait of Tony Fields) dies in a hotel fire. Local disc jockey Hip Nuke (Gene Simmons, leader of the band KISS in a cool shades) hangs Eddie with Sammi's latest unreleased album which, when played backwards, resurrects Curr's malicious spirit. Sammi encourages Eddie to criticize him for all the foolish fools that make poor Eddie's life a proverbial hell, but so that sweet Eddie turns out to be the most reluctant accomplice. Eddie, assisted by the awesome girl Leslie Graham (tempted by the lovely Lisa Orgolini), will arrest Sammi before the situation gets out of hand. <br /> <br /> Mentioned with lucidity and sensitivity by the character actor Charles Martin Smith (who also appears briefly as a nerd teacher), cleverly written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham, and skillfully interpreted by a cast always up to par, this infallible sleeper is even complete with a handful of clever "jump" moments (a scandalous attack at the back of a car by a grotesque licking thing with long tongue mutie as the definitive climax ), a high school dance massacre sequence at the "Carrie", Using the Halloween Setting, Revenge being properly portrayed as a really ugly business and a central message that says you do not have to make your hero a particular person oversized, because of the posture calculated against r this particular status.
