The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, is John Wayne's epic, THE ALAMO, dating back to 1960. As a producer director, Wayne has demonstrated that he is talented at achieving films apart from his iconic acting talent personifying the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on this film. the other night, in a magazine, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) had attacked points barely mentioned in the previous films about the battle. They brought the issue of slavery. They also discussed the contribution of the local Mexican landowner, Juan Seguin, as an important leader of the war for independence, tied with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (well hidden) in the film. Wayne worked hard to launch it properly, thinking of many people for leading roles. But, he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an obscure actor, Ruben Padilla (on this chart, his thread shows only three credits). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And although he has one of the last shots of the film, he appears as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite several bad choices in the cast of this TV movie (THE ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS AT CLORY), it is the best film to show the man who was (from 1836 to 1854) the a major bogeyman of American decision makers. Raul Julia was a wonderful theater actor. I was lucky enough to see him in a production (at the end of the 1980s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan, as Sergius. He has never been boring and generally has a first-rate behavior in his game. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at its height. Nothing is acceptable that does not correspond to the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of an order in the army to bring an item that he has requested quickly or the temerity of these "foreign brigands" (as he saw the Americans) not to to attack himself, "the Napoleon of the West". <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he had been involved in the overthrow of a president for the first time because that president did not respect the constitution of the country, but it was the power that kept it year after year. It is a sad comment that he is the most important historical figure of Mexico during these two decades. No political or military figure could replace him before Benito Juarez in the late 1850s. He first claimed great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that the Mexican people were a child who needed one hundred years of advice. before being able to govern himself (he thus looks like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS who speaks of the people he helped to lead against José Ferrer). What's amazing with him is that he managed to come back. His policies were disasters. Although we know of his attack on Texas (to suppress a revolt there), he also tried to expand his business in Guatamala (and was probably controlled by a large part of Central America). He won at Alamo, but at the cost of many lives. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliad was inexcusable (one could argue for the destruction of the Alamo defenders who were fighting until the last moment, but Fannin had surrendered). Then came the disaster of San Jacinto, where his army was annihilated (he did not take the proper precautions to watch the American troops). He was captured, humiliated and forced to sign a Texas surrender. Houston was nice to him: the troops wanted to tie him up. <br /> <br /> Except for losing a leg during a battle against the French in 1838, he managed not to hurt himself in most of his wars. He repudiated the forced surrender of Texas, but he could not induce it militarily. Instead, he would lead Mexico to defeat in the 1846-1848 war against the Americans, leading to the Mexican session. The United States was "decent enough" to pay $ 15 million to Mexico for the Southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be president for the last time in 1853, just in time to give the terrible Franklin Pierce administration a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico (the "Gadsden Purchase" ) in the USA. No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Diaz) has ever cost so much to his country (Diaz sold himself to foreign commercial interests, but he built the muscles of the Mexican economy). He was exiled in 1855 and settled on Staten Island. There, he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced chicle to the United States and turned it into chewing gum. Some achievements! <br /> <br /> Julia Santa Anna is younger than the practicing cynic and schemer become the best land buying agent of America. He is not going to be opposed and he makes angry outbursts at any moment. Most of the time, his chief aide, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, an officer born in Britain) is silent - he does not want to be in front of a firing squad, as he might be. But Stiers is secretly less enchanted by his boss. In the end, alone with the new wives of deceased Alamo defenders, widows, Stiers suggests telling the world what Santa Anna really looks like. And they did it!
