When I first saw the movie in the early 1970s, I was impressed by this movie. It was visually stunning and the campus events in Europe and the US made you understand what Antonioni was trying to say so visually in the last 15 minutes of the film: blowing up "tyrannical" institutions and big ones commercial interests. The repeated explosions of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert, the main character, taking advantage of the cold water current, painting a plane with psychedelic motives (even British Airways did it a few years ago) are among the images that have been copied by advertising personnel around the world for decades. Even Pink Floyd has increased its number of fans after the release of the film. <br /> <br /> You see this movie about 30 years later and you start wondering why the same movie has lost its appeal. Nowadays, anti-establishment films have more substance: facts, documentation, beautiful performances and superb scenarios. Antonioni seems to be out of date; an imperfect genius. Even while watching Antonioni's "Blow Up" today, you have the feeling that he has been lost. <br /> <br /> "Zabriski Point" must be evaluated for what it was when it was released. It was a good movie if you saw it on a large Panavision screen, as opposed to the dwarf television screens. The visual and auditory appeal (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd and others) of the film remains. The main pair were not big actors but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in prison in the United States, extending the reality of the non-conformist values ​​he embodied in the film. <br /> <br /> Today, Antonioni seems badly "synchronized". But watch carefully and you'll enjoy the muffled sound of the usual actors - Rod Taylor, G.D. Spradling, the pool ladies, the air-band cops. The real sounds in contrast are those of the non-conformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the medium can not be questioned even today. He knew what he was doing.
