I have to admit that I always had trouble watching an Antonioni movie from the beginning to the end of the first try, and even for this one, I ended up watching it in three parts over and over. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better like that, because it forced me to stop thinking in terms of intrigue and enjoying only the scenes, one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmentary, which is not a bad thing, it simply requires more effort to follow. When he arrives at the desert scenes, all efforts are repaid in their entirety. The superb cinematography is only part of it. What really makes this unforgettable is the way the landscape is transformed into an overwhelming presence, its silence and immensity, the feeling of sadness and freedom, its fusion and its contrast with both. young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time, it feels less distant and alien than the urban scenes of the first part. The dance between the flying airplane and the car of the girl allows to realize a series of superb photos. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it's hard to imagine this kind of approach from a movie of our time. There is of course something very stylish and studied about them, but at the same time they are able to express a natural and spontaneous sense of innocence that is very rare nowadays. Everything feels loose and without a scenario (thanks to the discreet play), but it is the result of a meticulous attention to detail and form, which culminates in the series of explosions at the end, a show really hypnotic. It only impresses you. <br /> <br /> I do not care about some of the usual objections: boring - well, yes, if you want all films to follow classic development and be packed with action twists but then if all the cinema was like that, it would be really dull and sad; Pretentious - perhaps, but when that kind of ambition is associated with real, pretentious skills, depth and style, pretentious is a compliment. The "political" critics have the least sense for me, I do not see the interest of approaching such a film with ideological blinkers or, worse, patriotic demands. This is just counter to the purpose. It may be true that, as another speaker has pointed out, Antonioni considered these young "hippies" and the policy of protest and rioting with the police with the fascination of a stranger, but I think that add something rather than hurt the movie. It is not true that hippies did not exist at the time in Italy (think of the protests of 68, as in France), although they are clearly different from their American counterparts and, in some respects, even more activists. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. The events are more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has universal and timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, with Easy Rider, is probably one of the earliest precursors of contemporary "artsy" music video, as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that stands out, but unlike the previous one. uses music in a much more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape rather than the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narrative in a movie, do not worry. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
