When this movie was shot, the hippie thing became popular. The ideas of the counterculture were well established, which is why such a big movie could be made. Still, he has something to say, and it really sounds great. Aside from those just waiting for the handjob material, this film is known for its beautiful scenes (which in itself is reason enough to see the film). The soundtrack of this film, which has become more popular than the movie itself, is another benefit. "Attention to the ax Eugene" Pink Floyd goes very well with the explosions, the absence of music in the other scenes gives the film a good mood. But. It seems that the messages in this film have been neglected by most. If you do not understand, which seems to be the most common case, I'll give you some clues: the man (a tough guy, whatever his name, Mark?) Part of a "group of reality ". . He leaves this group saying something like, "I'm ready to die, but no boredom". Later, he leaves for a ride in a stolen plane, probably to look for action. As it is in the air, Dark Star of Grateful Dead (from the album Live / Dead) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase "we go and you as long as you can," it's not heard in the film. (Maybe stretching it a bit too far to say that quote is essential?) On the plane, he checks a girl (Daria), who drives to a conference by car (give typical families in the suburbs the opportunity to live in a place of great relaxation in the desert, where everything is so simple and enjoyable.For the whole family!), diving down, almost hitting the car. He lands on the plane and joins the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point, where they enjoy themselves as living beings and in nature. Later, a family with a big car (the kind you sleep in) and a fast boat is shown to Zabriskie Point, the father saying something like, "What a mess to go to the end", and the kid sitting in inside the car smiling. I felt a "it was not much better than on TV" -attitude. Daria takes Mark on the plane that is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the ID number changed: "no war" on one side and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole it, telling Daria before he leaves "I do not risk anything" or anything like that, one of the clues suggesting he did not care too much about his fate. (This is because he feels that the environment around him does not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world") At the airport, he is greeted by policemen who shoot him above, while he has just returned to the plane. . Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the posh mansion. Here, she feels strange after the adventures with her friend who has just been killed. She loves fresh water flowing over a rock, more than the pool. Inside the house, the viewer is once again warned of anti-materialism. She looks through a glass wall, holding her hands on the glass as if she were stuck. We see businessmen arguing, one of the parties eager to make a big deal, the other fearing to lose money. Daria leaves the house and looks back, visualizing it exploding. After the house, several other things explode, for example a television. She smiled, happy to have destroyed in herself what she considered after the meeting with Mark as something negative. <br /> <br /> To sum up: Mark obviously has an experience of the "reality group" that is not very useful, talking, doing nothing. He clearly has negative feelings about what's going on, and it looks like he thinks it's useless to fight him. He wants to leave. He helps Daria, who "thinks but not in action" sees his point of view. Where her sense of being ill-adjusted proves to be the cause of her death, Daria can hopefully use the ideas in a more constructive way. In the film, you see how a city (LA) is polluted by commercials (a pity that you have to show the commercial to make your point), you see businessmen decide the future, and et cetera, and you see unhappy people with these situations and others who are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I only saw the film once; I did not understand all the points, but I certainly had an idea of ​​what this film has to say, and I find it strange that this film can be called meaningless. If you say that the arguments are too obvious, I see why, this film was probably meant to please post-hippie radicals "digging" anti-establishment ideas. Although it has a lot to say and its message is still needed, things are moving in much the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a very good film telling a story about quite normal young people (stumbling hippies mocking acid, digging everything) in search of what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it's done in a really beautiful way.
