I was told it was one of those movies "either you like it or you hate it". Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie, dated and easy symbolism and all. So, I probably have no taste for Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly ten years earlier) are my favorite among his films so far. Directed two years before my birth, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be Michelangelo's great American epic. But apparently, it turned out to be a failure. I really do not see why. Before I looked at it, I had read that it was rather boring, so I prepared myself for a very slow movie - although I love myself for a slow movie. To my taste, Zabriskie did not spend a tedious minute. Looking at it, I realized how much European it is that the director uses billboards so often in almost every urban scene, huge panels covering every human shape in sight. This recurring visual element is obviously there to emphasize how consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then, I immediately watched L'Eclisse, which takes place in Rome at the beginning of the 60's, and I noticed that Antonioni also often included billboards. After all, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in every setting, with or without a human being, is a hallmark of Antonioni ?? it is precisely in this way that he evokes the psychological states of his characters, with a more or less diminished power and an important visual impact. He is practically unsurpassed in this technique. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point played two very attractive roles that should have become big stars of the 70s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in Francesco Rosi's film Uomini Contro, shot around the First World War, had a very tragic life and died at the age of 27. According to his biography page, he donated $ 60,000 to Zabriskie. Mark's co-star, Daria Halprin, and apparently later Dennis Hopper's wife, has the astonishing natural beauty and appeal of a young Ornella Muti ?? one of those luminous beauties that do not need a little makeup to turn heads. Like Fréchette, she had only two obscure movies and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - a scene that brings home a feeling of youthful play like few people I've seen - and a powerfully cathartic end. It may be the most banal sequence ever filmed for its symbolism, but I do not see how anyone can deny its beauty and wonderful sense of emotional freedom. Never has an explosion been so beautiful and so poetic. It seems like an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
