There are not many times when I see a movie and I go "huh, what?", But it was one of them. After seeing Zabriskie Point, I may have felt much the same as Woody Allen after seeing 2001: he only liked the film after seeing it three times in two years, realizing that Filmmaker was before him in all that was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his rare attempts to shoot films in the United States (after Red Desert, he made Blow-Up, this film, China, and The Passenger, all shot outside his native Italy), I could feel him almost tempted to learn about the ways of the country through his own mastery of the medium. The results show that there is no lack of means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and a visual representation of this time. "The job of a director is to see," Antonioni said. Anyway, it does not disappoint for the admirer of his work after 50 (I say well after fifty, because I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he misses is a point, at least the kind of point he could report in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You have the feeling of what is happening around these characters, the themes they evoke, but in this case, the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or meaning. Antonioni, from the school of hard-knocks and neo-realist cinema, does what he can with his largely unprofessional distribution (those who look more like real actors are subjugated by the roles of corporate characters), but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem to be under-headed by Antonioni. It may have been the goal. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not too confusing, while Mark escapes his existence from the boiling and dangerous campus life in the Los Angeles area in the late 1960s, and Daria is sent from Los Angeles to get to Phoenix for a work meeting. They meet by chance on Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe a little general information out there?) And Daria's car ends up, and they spend a little time together in a kind of existential groove in the desert. Aside from a stylistically bizarre fascinating sex scene, much of this act is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> Both tracks are fair enough to be watched, but what exactly draws them out of curiosity? The ideas that come (partly from a scenario co-written by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment where drugs and reality are mentioned. Then the film goes to the third act, while Mark decides to do the right thing, in disastrous circumstances, and that Daria arrives at his boss's house, only to be in disenchantment (ignoring the last five minutes the movie). Although the film took its time to tell its story, it did not pose as many problems to me as to make the story engage only a certain type of spectator. I understand the feelings, doubts and fears, as well as the self-confidence of the "anti-establishment", and I feel sympathy for them. But Antonioni may not be quite conscious of it. In some scenes, as a director and editor (and Alfio Contini's often astonishing cinematography), the landscapes and scenery are more illuminating and frozen than the characters in the foreground. Not to say that the technical aspect of Zabriskie Point does not intervene (it can make some sleepy, because Antonioni is probably much larger as a documentary director, as he is a theatrical director, as Francis Ford Coppola says) . <br /> <br /> Deserts, skies, the city and even close-up faces are filmed with the eye of a filmmaker who loves the art of putting things in the spotlight and getting us there. just as convincing, with a master stroke including a sweet song of the Rolling Stones at one point, then an overwhelming and surrealist song by Pink Floyd (renamed "Careful with Ax Eugene, one of their best pre-Dark Side) in the explosion sequence. If only the performances were not so one-sided, I might find it tied with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It's a stroke of unconventional genius on one side and on the other a boring look at what was the hippie / radical movement of the late '60s. But hey, what can be boring for an American like I born in the eighties may not be for others than Americans, such as Italy. And he asks not to be thrown away immediately after a viewing.
