I know it's an unpopular stance on Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I can legitimately be called fanatical Antonioni. I like L'Avventura, I like La Notte, I like L'Eclisse, I like Red Desert, I like Blowup and I love Profession: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I do not like, the only one I've ever given less than an 8/10 (and one of only three I've given less than a 10/10, The Notte and The Eclisse being the other two, although I fully recognize that I must see them both), is Beyond the Clouds, which can be described as a terrible film. However, there is no better horrible film, if you know what I mean. So, if you are NOT a fan of Antonioni, you should just ignore me logically. If you're even a casual fan, though, and wondering if that particular movie, whose name, when spoken, is often followed by a <br /> <br /> title, usually scorned even by admirers Antonioni, the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> The reason people tend to hate it is that 99% of observers only care about the narration of a movie. Well, that's not quite true. If a film is amazing in a particular aspect, be it a role, a cinematography or a staging, and just decent in its story, movie lovers might very well like it. But a film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical story - it's another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years: logic - so they absolutely hate the movie. In fact, I agree with that in some respects. As much as I may not like and want to change my mind, it's hard to love a film that seems to me to be a mediocre story. However, other people tend to get upset at a vague story. This is certainly what should keep viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you the story, but you will probably think it was absurd. In fact, it is, but for me it has made the effort more fantastic and beautiful. In fact, I would compare it favorably to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly consistent with the disconcerting narrative of this film. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is what characterizes Zabriskie Point. Music helps a lot; the score includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The atmosphere resembles that of Antonioni's other masterpieces, full of solitude and desolation. Also the freedom that follows. The best part of the movie is when the man and the leading woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember her name) stopped in their car next to a historical marker located on a deserted road. There is, beyond the stone wall that was erected to prevent cars from flying, an old lake bed. It's basically a rocky desert, and both will play. The setting is extremely beautiful. The woman says, "It's such a beautiful place, what do you think?" Man: "I think it's dead." There is no inclination to know if it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to the feelings expressed in other Antonioni films - the characters are constantly trying to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, tired of journalism, we have the young hippie who is tired of the politics of his friends - he thinks they talk too much and do not show what they think to be fair, or at least he says he does. It seems to me rather that he just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply amazing from a visual point of view. Antonioni's films are all identifiable by only a few images, but his visual style has always been constructive. I love the Passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point may be his ultimate achievement in this regard. It may sound strange - The Avventura and Red Desert are amazing in pictures. I think it's the camera movements that are particularly amazing here. He obviously made a lot of money with Blowup, which has been the biggest success of his life in art galleries, to this day. He passes it well here, especially with his aerial shots. One of the biggest sequences in the film is about the man who stole his private plane and bombs Daria with dive bombs in his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be fairly criticized is the politics of the film. They are certainly easy. The hippies were not easy, but Antonioni's vision of hippies - there was none in Italy, of course - is strange and, well, filtered through the eyes of a stranger. There is a rather childish criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say, you can not ignore it? What does it hurt? Are you going to buy things you do not want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals the land in the desert - the land she and the man enjoyed on their own - to build cheap suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles have been in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end, which I will not spoil - you must see - is almost cheap. However, I can understand the treatment of the police. Not that I scorn them in general, but they were awful at the time. They can still be awful now. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These banal arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion of the film. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really do not think a hippie would have disagreed with Antonioni. 10/10.
