If Saura had not done so before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now, it still deserves to be included to pay tribute to a great director and a great conservator of Spanish culture, but he has already done many things of this kind before, and although we can applaud the riches he offered us, we must choose points from similar films that include Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 flamenco as its most powerful and unique cultural document, alongside which Iberia would pale. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his suite "Iberia" for piano. Isaac Albéniz has greatly contributed to the outsourcing of Spanish music culture - its reformatting for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers. Her suite "Iberia" is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and Indy. He traveled through his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but go in that direction. Naturally, the Spaniards have taken possession of Albéniz and, in the Iberian Peninsula, the interpreters reinterpret his compositions in various forms and more ethnic and regional dances. But the source is a tamed and diluted form of musical culture and Spanish dance compared to pure Spanish flamenco. Flamenco, which comes from Andalusia, is a deeply felt amalgam of gypsy, Hispano-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula including Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura's flamenco is an incredibly intense ethnic blend of music, songs, dances and that noble peacock that is the essence of the Spanish style, the way a man and a woman go about with pride at the limit of arrogance, elegance and panache - even bullfights and bullfighting movements are full - in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; they are right. Saura has always emphasized the talent of his collaborations with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco, he abandons all pretense of history and simply asks singers, musicians and dancers to go and go out of a big sound stage embellished with beautiful lights and screens, dishes and dishes. mirrors arranged by director of photography Vittorio Storaro, another important Spanish director. employees. The beginnings and ends of flamenco sequences are often harsh, but atmospheric, marked only by the roar and rustle of trembling feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes, the film continues to feed when a performance is over and you see the dancer bend over, sigh or laugh. or someone says something unexpectedly. In flamenco, more than in any other musical film of Saura, it is the intense and intense interaction of singers and dancers, as well as participating observers rhythmically applauding, shouting impulses Olé which constitutes "the story And creates magic. Because Saura really did the magic, and maybe even the best when he gave up any conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is in a style similar to some of Saura's purest musical movies: no narration, no dialogue, only a brief headings to indicate the type of song or region, starting with a pianist playing Albeniz's music and gradually moving on to a series of dance sequences and a bit of singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice, and this voice is the most unique and unique contribution to world music. This refers to other songs of other ethnicities, but nothing beats its brutal and ugly, beautiful and brutal cry, which prevents you from doing anything other than listen to it with the utmost attention. Then come the applause and trampling of the feet, then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song in the Iberian Peninsula. If you like Saura's flamenco, you'll want to see Iberia, but you'll be a little disappointed. The style is there; some of the great voices and dance and music are there. But the source and design of Iberia weigh less and make it a less rich and more intense cultural experience.
