Students often ask me why I chose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is heavily truncated and the film contains elements that have earned him the "R" rating. I have several reasons to use this production. First, I had not seen a representation of the Moor who really made I sympathize with Othello until I saw Fishburne playing it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But despite Jone's incredible presence, both physically and vocally, the character he played seemed too passive to provide me with a complete emotional purge in the Aristotelian sense. In fact, Jones stated what I felt when, in an interview, he noted that he had played Othello as passive - seeing that Iago was basically destroying him. Unfortunately, it undermined my grief for the destruction of the character. So, I felt sympathy for Jone's Moor but not the horror of his corruption by an evil man. Fishello, on the other hand, is a strong and vigorous character, accustomed to taking action. Thus, Iago's temptation to actively treat what is presented to Othello as his wife's infidelity is a perversion of the general's positive quality of being active and not passive.1 The Horror of History is that this quality of Othello is perverted. The representation of Fishburne is tragically classic. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins both made beautiful film versions, but they were white men with black faces.2 Why is this important? Why should a black actor be the black man on the stage? Certainly, in Shakespeare's day, they used the black face as they used boys to create girls. Perhaps then, the reason is the same. The actresses bring a particular quality to female roles on the Shakespearian stage, as they best understand what the Shakespeare genius was trying to present. A talented black actor should play on the moor because his experience in a white-dominated culture is essential to understanding what the Shakespeare genius has recognized: the pain of being marginalized because of race. An important theme at Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although the inclusion of American racism in a Shakespearian play is a mistake, there is little doubt that racism is still relevant in the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, believe that a union between a white Venetian Christian and a black Christian of North Africa is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare has never been evaluated. He never was. His productions on stage have always been characterized by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as sensationalism but as artistic honesty.
