I was fortunate to finally watch this movie for the Turner Classic movies tonight, as it was one of the Oscar-winning (special effects) films in their Oscar-winning annual film. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a film following the previous success of MARY POPPINS. This film was also a great success and an Oscar (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS, BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in a role to learn to become a parent. It's a good mix of live action and animation. It is part of a past period of British history (if not the Edwardian - Georgian world of 1912 in London, it is the English coastline during the summer "Dunkirk" of 1940). It even contains old Reginald Owen, here as Home Guard General, while he was formerly Admiral Boom of MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's last role. <br /> <br /> The sequence of Home Guard (not too much in the film) is reminiscent of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which deals with the problems of the local guard in the early years of the war. The period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans following the bombings in Blitz, London. And (in the typical Disney way), in the musical "Portobello Road", various members of the British army (including Indian and Caribbean soldiers (with still metal drums!)) Appear with Scottish and local auxiliaries in a costume. <BR /> <br /> Which, surprisingly, is a plus. But the biggest advantage is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally: her only real musical production. In a remarkable acting career, Lansbury never had the true musical role she deserved as Aunt Mame in the musical MAME that was released shortly after BEDKNOBS. She had performed in singer roles (in GASLIGHT with her UP IN A BALLOON BOYS notebook, and in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD and, best of all, in the support and conclusion of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final rework of ON ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE). But only here does she play the female lead role. So, when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you may be able to understand what we lost when she was not playing Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is pretty good, Tomlinson learning here that he can show up after a life of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually show more interesting characters in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (Weighill in particular, as an aspiring opportunist thinking to blackmail Lansbury after discovering him a witch). The only surprising waste (probably due to the montage of scenes) is Roddy McDowall as a local vicar who appears in only two sequences of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have played a larger role. It should also be noted that John Ericson, a German officer who leads a raid at the end of the film, only discovers that he is facing something more powerful than he had imagined in the British campaign, and Sam Jaffe, a competitor of magic. formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two underwater sequences in a lagoon and during the craziest football game of all time are really worth the detour. Tomlinson found himself in the latter as referee and is beautiful. seriously wounded in various charges and mingled. As I said, it's a very good sample of the best work of the Disney studio.
