It's wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the strict father of "Mississippi Masala" in 1992), who again takes on the role of father and head of the family and more, in the film SUCH A LONG JOURNEY, which takes place in 1971 in Bombay, India. . In addition to a very united family setting, the topics covered include the lost and found objects of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (the smiling and calm face of a friend who died at death, in the presence of prayers, seemed appeased - thus Gustad Noble, the character of Roshan, was noted in the same way); The chain of events of a sidewalk artist - "the wall as a latrine turned into a sanctuary - a sanctuary in ruins and ashes" was both prophetic and philosophical. He is full of life lessons in different aspects of varied relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and little girl; little girl and father and mother; long-time colleagues; long lost dear friends; even that of one man to another, the one of which a "fool" innocent and slow of spirit. <br /> <br /> In spite of the tone of the time of the film, it is a colorful film rich in substance, and the force of the story in layers of texture with humor and suspense. For a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic), he made an Indian / Pakistani political film. He enters the spinal cord of the life of this Parsi portrayed by Roshan Seth, whose performance is imbued with nuances, subtlety and joy. (There are also songs.) The rest of the cast is also strong: Om Puri, the mysterious friend of a friend; Soni Razdan the lasting wife; Vrajesh Hirjee, the eldest argumentative son; Sam Dastor, the long-time office mate; Ranjit Chowdhry, paver artist; to a superstitious "witch" woman from a neighbor; a crazy "madman" of a man; and a long lost friend - it's a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in dealing with this period and the subject has been the subject of much research and attention to detail. He is lucky to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the script. It's really a trip worthy of a movie. <br /> <br /> As part of the cultural exploration (road movie style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic trip about a young Japanese man has traveled the world in search of chosen place to pay his respects to his parents, by scrupulously observing the commemorative rituals for the dead. Such reverence and intercultural attention to family ties are heart-warming on this day and this cyber age.
