Released just before the repression of the Production Code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's musical star, Paramount, is suggestive - some even claim to be misogynistic - and very entertaining. Two murders take place at the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But that does not prevent the manager (Jack Oakie) from organizing a show as a lascivious police detective (Victor McLaglen ) investigation. Everybody hides something and Gypsy Rose Lee had to understand this behind-the-scenes murder mystery before writing "The G-String Murders", the outcome being similar (though more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a vicious diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington finishes with the "Rape Of The Rhapsody" truncated. The hit song, "Cocktails For Two", comes from this movie. A bizarre camp classic and bawdy highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> The spin of hand-picked beauties by Earl Carroll goes around the screen of Grauman United Artists in a leaf of vine and not much else. But September Morn herself has never had a better figure than these charms, which are made to please the eye, especially the tired businessman's eye. But do not think for a moment that Mr. Carroll's daughters, naturally, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT VANITIES is a comical musical thriller, if you know what I mean - a mystery of murder incorporated into a musical show. Everything happens during the opening night when the play is going on and we are looking for a murderer. Just in suspense, a cop threatens to stop the series every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new among the cops. While trying to find the murderer, he keeps his eyes riveted on the beauties of the chorus. The mystery of murder is good except for the denouement, which is rather flat. Direction probably defective. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a show of ten, twenty, and thirty. Without any valid reason, she notes an endless close-up in the big drama scene. The girls' sets are good and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable shots vertically. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, it's a musical that Paramount can truly consider to be his credit. As for Carl Brisson, well, he would be an addition to any show. Beautiful with a singing voice and a simple and assured way, he is all that his press agents claim for him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the main role in the series. Gertrude Michael, as a naughty woman with deep eyes, gives an interesting representation, although rather fictional. Jack Oakie, as a stage manager, is the same old Jack, but we would not change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Other actors are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The game on screen is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and directed by Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the words of Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER WITH VANITIES, there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount newsreel and a two-reel movie THE WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lolly on the outcome, it's satisfying so high. Why would she blame the director? Was she unhappy with the end of the story or the way it was staged? And what is a show "ten, twenty or thirty"? Note the blow to Busby Berkeley and his "shots vertically". As difficult as it may sound today, the audience was tired of Buzz 'schtick in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "If you show a scene that is supposed to be at the theater, you have to stay within the bounds of the arc proscenium, and do not do the routine of Buzz Berkeley with an acre-sized stage set. "<br /> <br /> Q: Do not you think that the dramatic effects of Berkeley justified taking this freedom? ML: Apparently, that's what they did because they revive all his photos and none of mine, but personally, I do not like it.
