I've read a lot of comments about the film and the fact that it's so hard to believe it's a sequel to Henry Fool, and even though it's technically the case, I think Fay Grim has to be considered like a whole other movie. The fact that it is the continuation does not mean that it must be a direct continuation of the first, and I liked it so much. The goal of the film was to change direction from the beginning, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, but Fay Grim. The film, in my opinion, was so well done and thought it really surprised me. I was expecting to rent another movie that was almost released as a video and endure 2 hours of bad editing and a story that is almost hard to follow (the last movie made by Parker (Oh, Ohio)), but it was so surprisingly centered that it almost does not seem, which I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in film making and writing that I want to see in movies, but I never do it. The cinematography was brilliant because of its simplicity and really gave the impression that the film was 'Grim' everywhere - in terms of scenery. The scenario was so well set up too, the one who said that this movie was not as witty as the one that Henry Fool needs to review and listen to; I can hardly begin to explain how hilarious and relevant it was. Well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal were talking in the dark was so captivating and emotional. And I thought that spying throughout the movie was so hilarious and accurate (in hindsight, because I agree that sometimes, while you feel like lost). What struck me the most in the film, and I think the purpose of the film is Parker's love and naivety for Fool, who was so endearing and passed, very quickly, from denial to passion . The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously, there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some actors were mediocre, and sometimes I thought some of the new narratives and dialogues about terrorism were getting a little hard to follow and uncontrollable, but in the end you understood and did not mind at all. the time he may have slipped from your understanding. (It may also have to do with Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely fast.) Overall, I would say it's probably one of the best movies I've seen this year; Stylish, intelligent and witty writing, so impressive performances that I gained a new respect for some actors and a really touching film, without forgetting the total abandonment of Fool. What was the point.
