On a generic level, Fay Grim is an extremely entertaining thriller starring two of the most inexpertably enjoyable names in American cinema: Parker Posey, incredibly handsome and gracefully elegant, and infinitely charismatic and inevitably hilarious Jeff Goldblum. There are a lot of scenes in the first half of the movie in which we see these two insatiable presences flying against each other, even going to the charm when Goldblum flies over Hartley's unpolitically epic info-dump. Nevertheless, if Fay Grim were deconstructed, there would be many cases in which countless scenes could have been squeezed for a much larger profit than they have ever been. <br /> <br /> This kind of joking movie is the sequel to Henry Fool of Hal Hartley, made ten years earlier. He has the main character Posey forced by the agent of the CIA Goldblum to find the notebooks that were the valuable property of her fugitive husband disappeared, the anti-hero owner of the predecessor. They contain information that could compromise the security of the United States. Fay first goes to Paris to find them, but he is plunged into a real celebration of spy clichés, ranging from car bombs to Follow the Girl's ambiguous assistants to the double center at the triple center. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of all this is that it is such a new approach to the sequel of a film about a scavenger and a struggling novelist in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many other independent beginners of the 1990s, but I admire his wild creativity when he made her a sister of Nearne inadvertently, giving her a terrible situation, as he did for the brother of his character. by James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, stuck between the fact that she can still love her husband, an overwhelming refugee and the problematic and powerful projects of Goldblum. <br /> <br /> However, Hartley is just surfing this project. fragmentary idea. His plot, complex and labyrinthine, faithful to the form of the spy film, seems totally capricious. The reason I was not bored was mainly due to the pace of the story, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of the Hartley cast is that I can not love others. It has nothing to do with their darkness compared to the relative power of the two masters of charm, but with the way they do not seem to stand by their side, although Saffron Burrows certainly gets close to it. Most of the scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are much too light, chaining us with snapshots that we have no choice but to listen or be totally lost in the sequence of scenes that follows. . They are shot almost entirely under mosaic angles, as if Hartley made up for that relentless feeling of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, however, playing the son of Fay and Henry, now a teenager, has some attraction for him, seeming wise beyond his years, certainly much wiser than any character adult. Maybe Hartley had planned it, or maybe it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never really know what was planned and what's going on right there. As Scorsese said, "the cinema is a matter of content in the frame and out". We need to be able to trust what we see as a conscious decision by the filmmaker to stay in the finished film.
