Well, this movie is the representation of many things. For starters, this film is about an unhappy student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. A student survives and is in the hospital with severe head injuries. The main character is what many people consider a "lonely / gothic", although the film says it is not. She seems quite mysterious, but was also the only uninjured pupil in the victim class. She was questioned because of her history of acquaintance with the gunman and his past phone call with him the night before. Anyway, it's a very brief and distant person who seems to despise society. However, because of unexplained events in the beginning, she spent about a year away from school, without success. She has the desire to graduate, and the principle that is a real disservice to her is spending time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two tracks are almost totally opposite. , and they are quite that on the social level. While Alisha is a silent, deeply disturbed and anti-social "gothic" girl who spends her time completely alone (although she seems to read often enough, a bit like a closet / out of the closet), the other girl is a rich, popular "bubbly" girl who always seems incredibly optimistic and imprisoned in her own imaginary world, unaware of the outside world and her realism to survive. I feel these two roles as a wonderful work of representation of the "cliques" of MOST in the modern high school, but shows above all how two totally opposed girls who do not know each other finally opened up to each other. While the wounded girl learns a deep and meaningful truth about her once-protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that total abandonment of society and locking everything up inside is not always the best thing to do . <br /> <br /> Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Either a snobbish, hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer as she does, attacking an innocent girl, OR the story of a seemingly entrapped and fantasized girl who meets a socially excluded and learns no only to not judge, but she is perhaps one of the most intelligent people she has ever known. In other words, people can see in this film Alisha's main role in teaching her daughter a lesson in life, but that's not the point. <br /> <br /> This movie is about MULTIPLE things. Although it's all I've said, it also shows how people are responding to a massive, life-changing disaster. Really, this film is not very symbolic, but on the contrary incredibly simple with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart, to certain emotions that you may not know so miraculously . Overall, this movie is one of the best I have ever seen. The acting is brilliant, the screenplay and the performance are profound and meaningful, and the emotion that sets in throughout this film will make everyone not just telling, but maybe to cry. This film is by far heartbreaking and very powerful, and if I imagined that a film could change a person's life ... it was the first that could have changed mine. <br /> <br /> I loved this film, if you want a moving and punchy film, incredibly entertaining and REAL, watch it.
