Henry Fool of Hal Hartley was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work. He has an immense depth of character, a subtle and complex dialogue and an excellent emotional end, which captivates. I remember interrupting her several times during my first visit to absorb what I saw and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from start to finish and did not require any follow-up. <br /> <br /> That's why I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters in the first film and seemed to exist more as a disturbing imposition of vanity and ignorance of the real world on his brother Simon, whom he was forced to manage as he he matured. In her own film, Fay matures herself, although her maturity takes a very different path. Simon went from an almost autistic isolation to a merely introverted genius. Fay begins her adult career as an immature child, quite normal and spoiled, and responds to the assault of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature adult, perfectly normal and experienced, enjoying no benefit. She treats problems like any human, with determination, a little thought, and a tired disdain. As Simon learns to control his mind, Fay learns to control his emotions. <br /> <br /> The film contains several elements of its previous, whose memory is remembered, but its tone differs enormously for most of the film. Henry Fool showed you a hard, boring and ignorant world that contrasted with Simon's passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a living place, crazy and emotional, which shows the stupidity of its young life and reveals, in contrast, the wise woman who had never been developed or nurtured before by her mother, who was also weak . The film is in two parts, the first dealing with the beginning of Fay's struggle and its hardening as a result of authoritarian hostility, and the second of his struggle to soften just enough to find Henry. At first, fans of Henry Fool might wonder how the film can even be considered a sequel, and say that it is unhelpful to follow such an intense film with antics and physical comedies. But that's where the subtlety of Fay Grim lies. The rest is about Fay's trip and, as I said before, it's about finding the mental health that gives life in chaos, not the creative chaos in order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures Hal Hartley's tongue in cheek humor. Elina Löwensohn may overshadow her emotional commitment to the role, allowing Parker to play both a straight man and a comedian against the live and scenic comedy unfolding around her. <br /> <br /> With Henry's entry into the picture, the film begins to take a sobering turn. Hal Hartley's films are all plays, and every piece has to go around in circles. In the end, the newly developed character and integrity of Fay is revealed to you from his childhood with Henry, a man of fatal intensity, whose heart-wrenching honesty and unique passion illuminate everyone he meets. <br /> Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but shows through Hal's range that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think that all those who criticize this film have not only missed the goal by mile (and especially the subtlety in the role of Parker Posey), but would not have been much interested the film Henry Fool.
