I might have liked this movie more if I was not so attached to Henry Fool's characters. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF, the film has many exhibits and explanations. <br /> <br /> This film is very heavy in intrigue, which keeps the film in motion. There are many humorous moments and the film certainly has the humor and rhythm of Hartley's dialogue. In the end, a film technically well done and that will not fail to satisfy the new fans of Hartley who are just starting to explore his work. For older fans who have loved his previous works like Trust and Amateur, this film could go both ways. I have mixed feelings about the film and about the latest Hartley films in general. What Hartley does best is to place his stories in small situations and focus on the intimate and idiosyncratic interactions of his characters. Since the late 90's and after, his films have expanded. The mass media in nothing like, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a vast subject or if he is capable of doing it justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes out and finds the husband she loves. The only problem is that I saw Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly devoid of character in this movie. You can say that this film was written long after the end of Henry Fool, without any intention of continuation. In one way or another, the terrorist plot feels conveniently bound by the use of Henry's confession books as a macguffin (in the Hitchcockian sense). Fay's motives for finding Henry seemed to be motivated solely by the needs of the plot rather than by what was true to who Fay was as a character of Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I guess I'm slightly disappointed with the film that's true to Henry Fool's characters, it does not work exactly like a thriller. Hartley's approach to a subject as vast as terrorism is too ironic and ironic. It works and does not work at the same time. All I could say, you would like or dislike the film based on your perspective on Hartley's work and your knowledge of Hartley's work. Lovers of Henry Fool, be severely warned for a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and have fun.
