In 1997, Henry Fool, a comedy drama and discreet, would have been a safe choice of movies that no one would bother to revisit for a sequel. A tramp, dispelled and wanderer (Thomas Jay Ryan) walks around the city. His anarchist delusions and deliriums incite an overflowing scavenger (James Urbaniak) to write poems, while Henry tries at all costs to mess up his sister (Parker Posey). As the poet prospers, Henry declines. Nothing special about the characters or the story. It would have been more likely that Harold and Maude's Ghost would come to the screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not the semi-official Queen of India for nothing. "So when author and director Hal Hartley proposed a new incarnation in his cast, a movie was born, and although we're catching up with the same characters for many years, they're playing a kind of completely different black comedy. is laced with espionage! Henry may have been an international spy - and a possible double, even triple, agent - for years before meeting others.He died or hides agents and authorities from many countries. Everyone wants his incoherent, ragged diary that might contain coded secrets that could destabilize nations and economies.Posey's Fay is either the wife he left to go on an adventure, or his widow, according to who says The Truth Fay's efforts to find Henry and / or the hard-fought magazines include a globetrotting glove of hit-parades and multinational henchmen at every turn, she never knows who to believe or trust, we will not do it either. <br /> <br /> While bringing together these unlikely characters on the territory of Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan, Hartley's script retains the ironic and ironic humor of their first appearance, avoiding any slap by exposing them to threats physical. His foolish stratagem of paranoia, duplicity and musical alliances of current geopolitics begins to crumble in the end. Nevertheless, fans of the first film will be pleasantly surprised by the novelty of Hartley's recycling methods. (18/05/07)
