Fay Grim is, at first glance, a story of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink. Following his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mix of film noir and hardboiled spying thriller that begins with a smirk and laughter and becomes as moving and warm as any film I've ever made. seen this year. <Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an unconscious Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the dubious intentions of a charming CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems to fit his talents. He has never been better. James Urbaniak is the brother of Fay, Simon, imprisoned but known for his extremely popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister bring him a passionate thrust to contrast the dark nature of the spies that eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is the 14-year-old son of Fay, who is overexploited. Although it can be redundant. Aiken's sober style is remarkably an "old spirit" for someone of his age. <br /> <br /> The whole film is shot in Dutch, offbeat style made famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror movies and psychological thrillers. to give a feeling of apprehension. In Fay Grim, using this style from opening credits to closing is intriguing at first, but cleverly misleading to the next. As the viewer begins to crack for the perfectly synchronized comic elements and the spirit of Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark, but strangely comforting, turn when these characters magically become sympathetic to our eyes. What began as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama and the transition is masterful. A slow pace gives way to a breathtaking action and we are sucked directly into the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's intense dialogue, combined with the amazing performance of a perfectly matched ensemble, forms a delicious cinematic cocktail. With the luxury of writing, producing, directing, editing, and even composing music, Hal Hartley has created a story of intelligent, sexy spying with a language barely planted in the cheek. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, a part of Raymond Chandler and a part of Ian Fleming, upset and maybe stirred.
