The plot is never the forte of a movie by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the scenario of "Follow the Fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still doing very well - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet, their love-hate relationship generates comical and entertaining moments. But during most of the film, they insist on a tedious secondary intrigue about Sherry's sister, Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's dalliance with another woman and an old schooner that Connie inherited. Father. Although Hilliard is rather charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" has an outstanding score from Irving Berlin that gives stars a lot of opportunities to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I would rather run a band". He sings expressively and, of course, electrically dances - and the sailor outfit makes him look a little more childish and sporty than usual. Rogers sings the captivating "Let Yourself Go" and later makes a solo tap on the same melody. <br /> <br /> The three duos really save the film, even if they are all in the plot with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance contest by doing an energetic routine for another cover of "Let Yourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, turning the choreography into a comic effect. At the end of the film, the film finally includes how to put Fred and Ginger in formal wear to form a romantic duet. It's part of the show. The situation is artificial, but the song "Let's face music and dance" is one of the most sinister things ever written by Berlin (it reminds Cole Porter), and the dance matches it with elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be a chore to attend most of the dialogue sections of "Follow the Fleet" again. In fact, it is not necessary, because the plot rarely propels the com Numbers. But I could watch the songs again and again.
