If you believe Hollywood, being in the navy is just a bluff. Although sailors can complain in chorus of the monotony of the ocean, it seems that their oceanic tasks are completely nonexistent, and Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dance lessons to a fleet of future romantics . This is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, "Top Hat (1935)", completely ignored the Great Depression, which then put America on its knees and presented to the public the glittering world of the rich and celebrities; It is the optimistic perspectives of the film on life that may have contributed to its success. Similarly, here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and exhausting, and instead replaces the duties of a sailor with an assortment of light and catchy musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship collapsed after her marriage proposal was rejected. After Bake returns from several years of service in the Navy, he finds Sherry as a dance host in an unsophisticated ballroom in San Francisco. While the two ex-lovers try to court and rebel each other, Sherry's regular sister (Harriet Hilliard, who looks very pretty) receives a complete makeover and tries to charm the superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of usual comedy shenanigans, a few moments of mistaken identity, and even a hilarious monkey in training that steals every scene in which he finds himself. The scene in which Bake sabotages the hearing of an interpreter is particularly amusing. separated girl; unfortunately for both, it's an unfortunate Sherry who drinks the baking soda and loses the ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow the Fleet (1936)' is the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich led the pair. Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the film, and each music number is enjoyable and entertaining, though not as memorable as those of Top Hat (1935), "Swing Time (1936)" or "Shall We Dance (1937). 'Astaire tries to free himself from his typical rich city man character, without much success, but it is difficult to imagine the artist without the carefree charm of a boy who could only accompany him. Considerable wealth The intrigue of romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brown wig to avoid bumping into Ginger's blond hair) has some emotional solo numbers, notably "Get Thee Behind Me Satan", which was originally written for "Top Hat".
