Follow the fleet, an RKO production in 1936, starring Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had a lot of similar romantic films together, RKO helped them create another meaningful story that incorporates socially relevant situations at the time of its creation. The narrative of Follow the Fleet relies heavily on the use of layered scenarios between the two main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The film's general plot revolves around Bake Baker, a sailor. in the US Navy, performed by Fred Astaire, and Sherry Martin, the former companion of love and dancer Bake, became a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is aboard the ship and his shipmate, Bilge Smith, finds a picture of them together, and Bake reveals that the last time he saw her, he had asked her to marry. Bilge suggests that they try to meet each other. with her when they are on dry land, hoping to have a friend. <br /> <br /> The second major scene of the film begins with the second script of the film. Connie Martin, Sherry's sister, is denied entry to paradise where her sister works, unless accompanied by a gentleman. She turns around and finds Bilge behind her with a bag full of drinks. She plays it as if she is waiting for him and also buys her entrance to paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can not have the chance that Sherry has with the men. Sherry suggests that she take a break from her friends while she performs on stage. Connie gets caught and enters the ballroom again and comes back to Bilge, who is amazed by her sight. It begins the second romantic story between Bilge and Connie. <br /> <br /> In the rest of the film, the story and the rising actions are transformed into humorous relief changes of the two couples' problems that create several mini up and down actions. in the global plot. Bake and Sherry had their first moments together as they competed in a dance competition and ended up winning it, reminding them of the success and fun they had when they were together. Similarly, Bilge manages to faint Connie through her romantic attempts to please him, and they retire to her home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is soon followed by disturbing measures that bring the rising action down. Bake left Sherry the night before to retire to the ship before midnight and told him that he would come pick her up in the morning. Unfortunately, the ship sets sail after returning comrades, upsetting Sherry and letting him think that Bake was still a typical sailor looking for a good time when he was down. <br /> <br /> The mood changes again with the inclusion of another sub-plot in the movie when a "big shot party" goes around the ship. This alternative scenario serves to create a buffer between the stories of the two main relationships of the film, as well as to build confidence and attachment to Bake's overall good intentions. The evening is interrupted by the unconscious music of Bake and his companions, who missed the ring to go on deck for the company. The ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and Bake willingly begins to entertain them by making them dance, which helps to brighten the mood of the film and bring happiness to sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the couple's intertwined stories, Sherry tries to prove to Bake that she does not need her help to get a job. Unfortunately, Bake does not know that she is auditioning and will say something positive to Sherry when he surprises her friend in the studio talking about the lady's remarkable hearing. Bake takes the initiative to help Sherry by manipulating her water, making her unable to sing properly and destroying her hearing. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all her money repairing a ship she hoped Bilge would assume as a captain. She had also planned a wonderful dinner for him when he was coming, but Bilge knew about his intentions and hopes of getting married soon and was no longer interested, so he lifted her up. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film continues in the same format of mini up and down actions until reaching the climax between the two couples, ending the film with the happiness of both couples. The use of changing stories helps to spark the interest and emotion of each couple in the fight against happiness and suffering. Interwoven stories are also able to relate to each other and to incorporate other unrelated secondary intrigues to help bring the story to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films that incorporate romance, comedy, song and dance, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for both actors who successfully use the technique of intrigue. secondary. narrative between the two main characters.
