What an entertaining film. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the navy. Astaire must recover Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife. Everything is going well. <br /> <br /> It is sometimes said, and I understand why, that Scott's romance with Hilliard is not necessary and slows down the plot. Hilliard sings sweet love songs. I could have done it without her singing, enough, but I found the romance rather touching. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no makeup, and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast. No wonder Scott is avoiding her until she prepares sexually under the tutelage of her sister Ginger and Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her makeover, she looks like the same woman still ordinary, but with a brighter outfit. It's hard enough for a simple guy. But at least one man can become rich, powerful and popular, so he can still collect women, even if he looks like JoJo the dog-faced boy. But what does a woman of ordinary appearance do? The same avenues of romance are not open to him. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Does Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a footnote, I must mention that Randol Scott would have been bisexual by Hollywood gossip who needed nonsense, and it's quite funny to see that he has the following sentence in this movie when he puts everything in Hilliard looks - - "Women do not interest me, sister." The film probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any of his other films with Astaire. And she is wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, an actress and a talented dancer, and the scenario gives her good comic lines. "Let us embrace and reconcile," suggests Astaire. "Let's just do it," she says, "it will give you something to work on." It's also the only movie she did with Astaire giving her a solo number at an audition. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, who slides an Alka Seltzer or something into her water, and she creaks through her number, roasting being too indelicate for the time. <br /> As if. Dancer, I would make a great circus elephant, my opinion should be taken as that of an amateur, but I think that their dances together are at the height of those they put in a film. Their first, in a dance contest, "Let Yourself Go", is the most wildly exuberant of all my memories. And the only dramatic duo "Let's face music and dance" must be among the best. The last stage of their release is surprising. <br /> <br /> I like the film for reasons that have a personal resonance. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a store called "The Seven Seas" for sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed by the treatment of Astaire and Scott's naval careers. What I mean is that we have here this frothy musical that owes absolutely nothing to the historical reality and yet, unlike most of their other teams, still pays. Jumping ship, Astaire asks for a "taxi-taxi". I had just taken a water taxi on land myself. The uniforms correspond to the period (unlike, for example, those of "On the Town"). And they are well worn, bonnets up to the width of the fingers above the eyebrow and not folded. And there are two incidents in which Astaire faces a problem with the naval authorities. They are both treated with perfect seriousness and are quite credible. An officer prevents Astaire from directing a jazz band during an inspection and informs the captain: "They were playing at the time of the call, sir, I'm sure there was no breach of discipline." That's what an officer - a good officer - would say, and no one laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was starting to get a little repetitive by the time "Follow the Fleet" was created, so instead of placing Fred in the void society and a tuxedo, they turned it into a cotton chewing gum. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
