A big fan of fantasy in general and works by Neil Gaiman * in particular *, I can not wait to see this film so eagerly, so eagerly and with a mixture of bittersweet anticipation and fear of disappointment that I can hardly believe it's finally here. And you know what? I did not need to worry, the movie version is really great. Different from the book, but in the good sense of the word - less fanciful, more comical, always deeply sweet and enchanting. <br /> <br /> The special effects are absolutely remarkable and make magic a natural and appropriate element of Wall's world without being overtly spectacular and intrusive. <br /> <br /> Particular attention has been paid to the stories and the stimulation, and the casting is essentially a triumph, with the ghost princes (whose call was read almost as "Who's Who's in the UK's cool comedy - Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain, two of the Green Wing guys, etc.) stealing most of the best lines and pretty much all the funniest moments in the film, which exist in amount. <br /> <br /> In fact, the only minor criticism that I had in my film is that sometimes the elements of comedy become a little OTT, the subtlety disappears at the expense of the main story ... Ricky Gervais' cameo, for example, was far too fair "Ricky Gervais doing his usual character David Brent's Comedy Office" to my taste, and in my opinion, created an uneasy and chaotic break from the magic of the current story (although in fairness, from memory, I think that the character of Ferdy in the original book was pretty "Ricky Gervais" - recuse himself when I think about it) .... <br /> < But this is a small detail in A fairy tale and scripted, with a perfect combination of action and romance. Charlie Cox, as protagonist Tristan, captures the correct blend of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization needed for a story like this where a "humble young boy embarks on a quest that will change his life"; Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, courageous and even if slightly foreign or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; Robert De Niro, in the Cameo of which all the critics speak, deserves praise, laughter and pleasure (it looks like he also has a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and nasty like the wicked witch Lamia , my favorite performance of the whole movie. If you enjoyed his delicious performance in the recent "Hairspray", then you will enjoy it thoroughly. <br /> <br /> So to conclude this opinion, you'll laugh, of course. smile and you can even cry - Stardust is a beautiful fairy tale that warms the heart for the whole family, with a heart made of gold and wiser than it is from the start. One of my favorite movies of all time is Princess Bride, absolutely fantastic, and Stardust is easily compared for a good reason, since it's a very similar type of movie exploring similar themes and territory. .. and just like The Princess Bride. stays cool, smart and fun twenty years after its initial release, I believe that Stardust's ironic sweetness will appear as the family's favorite on our TVs (or their future equivalent!) for many years.
