Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the first Hollywood dance team, were generally dressed to perfection and slipped into extremely exaggerated Art Deco backdrops in the 1930s. However, they go a little lower for this 1936 release, the fifth of their ten musicals. This time, Astaire gives up his top hat, his white tie and his tail to become a chewing gum sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays artist Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before enlisting. As a result, unlike the mistaken identity schemes and romantic hesitations that prevailed in most previous couples, they have already formed a couple since the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Led by Mark Sandrich (who guided five of their couples), the film bears a narrative similarity to "Roberta" of 1935 in which they are only one of the two couples featured in the scenario. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male role in both films, this time as Bake's teammate, "Bilge" Smith. He is not associated with Irene Dunne (who of course refused this follow-up) but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Connie, Sherry's little sister, who falls for Bilge. In this stupid intrigue, the whitened blonde, Lucille Ball, gives a makeover. Three classic shots, Hilliard, Ball and a kewpie doll, Betty Grable, in front of a mirror, are waiting for you. <br /> <br /> About the story, Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor are credited with the following: Bake and Bilge are on leave in San Francisco where they end up in a discotheque with their rowdy companions. Bake finds Sherry working there, while Bilge meets Connie for the first time when she arrives as a lousy girl, then presents herself as a glamorous girl. Romance flowers for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherited their father's liner, but they need money to keep it afloat. Many misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but all goes well when they turn the steamer into a theater and conduct a fundraising music revue. It's about as silly as it sounds, but it's a good excuse for some memorable melodies by Irving Berlin and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The first two are rather tonic - a dance competition in the group "Let go" where they pitilessly show their victory and a routine of physical comedy aboard the ship, on the racket of their feet "I put all my eggs in one basket". However, their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic play beautifully set on a breathtaking arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Curiously, this film not only contains an Astaire dance solo, but the only time Rogers had a dance solo for herself in one of their movies, an energetic tap dance routine set to "Let Yourself Go again" ". Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Astaire and Rogers play a typical comic role here. While Scott plays her role with her iconic manhood, Hilliard is an extremely dull presence and, as a former band singer, she plays two love songs in Berlin in a frustrating way. Anyway, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers at their peak makes this viewing essential. The 2005 DVD contains several good supplements, including a 13-minute featurette entitled "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of these Dancing Feet", which explains how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live-action "soundie" titled "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a poultry-themed cartoon entitled "Let It Be Me" and the original theatrical trailer.
