Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and annoying study of life in a particularly sad suburb of Vienna. It comes from former documentary filmmaker Ulrich Seidl who takes a very documentary approach to the subject. However, the film moves away from normal types and presents us with characters that are best described as "extreme" ?? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely strange; some extremely devious; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; etc. The film combines several almost intriguing episodes that intertwine from time to time, each following the characters for two days during a sultry Viennese summer. Very few spectators will move away from the film, feeling entertained ?? The intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many evils that plague our society in general. It is a film that makes you think and whose conclusions are rather overwhelming. <br /> <br /> An old fussy widower fantasizes about her old housekeeper and wants her to perform a striptease for him while wearing the clothes of his late wife. A nightclub dancer faces the perpetually jealous and violent behavior of her boy-pilot boyfriend. A mourning couple about their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek solace by having sex with other people. A violent man mistreats his wife but she forgives him again and again. A security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit behind vandalism on a construction site but ends up blaming an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman continues to hitchhike with strangers and insult them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these different characters converge over several days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> The despair in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long, awkward silences that are twice as effective as a whole passage of dialogue. Then there are other scenes in which dialogues and on-screen events leave you staggering. In particular, a scene in which the security vendor lets the woman hitchhiker at the mercy of an avenging guy - being beaten, raped and humiliated (luckily all off the screen) for vandalism that she did not even commit - arouses sour taste, almost angry. In another scene, a man has a burning candle stuck in the back and is forced to sing the national anthem under the threat of a gun, all as part of his punishment for being mean to his wife. While we might want to applaud that this thug gets his place, we are simultaneously dismayed and bewildered by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such contrasts could serve as a summary of the entire film - each moment of lightness is counterbalanced by a moment of cold. Every hope is countered by a sense of hopelessness. For each character you might like or feel, there is another one that only encourages anger and hatred. We might want to turn away from Hundstage, to think of it as an exercise in misery, but it also indicates some uncomfortable truths and deserves our congratulations.
