This film must be ranked among the most disturbing and striking films of all time. This is one of the few films, perhaps the only one, to give me shivers: not even Pasolini's Sálo, to which this film is comparable, touched me that way. I have seen echoes in filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to wonder, what made me feel like in the movie? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but that defies or even overthrows conventions of this kind. As a general rule, in a horror film, horrible and frightening things will happen, but on the margins of civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgues, etc. This treatment of the subject with horror is, in my opinion, a kind of defense mechanism, a principle of obscurity and opacity functioning as a kind of projective space for the desires and fears of the spectator. So, from this point of view, Hundstage is not a horror movie; it happens in a perfectly normal society, and so do not dive into the histrionic horror film. But what you see is the displacement of some of the key themes of the horror genre, particularly with regard to the body and its violation, the stages of fear and torture that it can undergo. What Seidl does is use the parameters of an ordinary bourgeois society as a scene on which a repetitive play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity is broadcast: these are precisely the themes you will discover with horror, but with a principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape. It is precisely in this displacement that lies the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage treats these questions in terms of everyday life, displays them in a daily repetition, rather than as sites of extremes and catharsis - a movement you encounter in this kind of horror. Rainer Werner Fassbinder is an important point of reference. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing politics and staff in his films, a tactic of melodrama that allowed him to deal seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, property, control , fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film puts him in close contact with Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a sort of political vision of society that he has the duty to put forward in his films. At a seminar at the Göteborg Film Festival this year, to which Seidl was invited, he was asked why he would have so many cases of women raped and subjugated at Hundstage, but no case of a woman who would defend herself, would free herself. Seidl responded that some might consider it immoral to express violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be immoral not to show it. An artistic statement as good as any other, I think. Thank you.
