The power to dream is a wonderful thing. There is a saying that says, "Not every dreamer is successful, but everyone who succeeds dreams." By exploring our imagination, we are shaping our own future. Or build empires. Maybe overcome our fears, limits and obstacles. To gain wisdom and to benefit humanity. Or (simply) find our way to true love and happiness. Freud could express such things by symbols. The language of fantasy. <br /> <br /> Tristan ventures into a rather English village called Wall. He pauses in the wall. An entrance. In search of something that will prove his love for Victoria (Sienna Miller). Victoria does not take it very seriously. He therefore undertakes to bring back a shooting star. <br /> <br /> Stormhold is the outside world on the wall. He discovers that the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl, Yvaine (Claire Danes). To complicate matters, three bad witches want to seize Yvaine. If they can eat his heart, it will restore their youth. (One of the witches is played by Michelle Pfeiffer, who fabulously transforms young and old in looks and manners.) The "good guy" they meet on their way is Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro). He has a fierce pirate exterior and swashbuckling but is a queen of the cupboard my darling underneath. The heirs of Stormhold are engaged in a fierce battle to inherit the Kingdom. Ricky Gervais is an added bonus. A jester shopkeeper throwing in standard Gervais type gags. Tristan's purity of spirit arouses Yvaine's love, so there's a nice little triangle. Until he reaches the maturity necessary to discern the divas on foot of real women. <br /> <br /> Stardust is a fantastic large-scale fantasy that honors its myriad stars. Totally positive and written with a clarity that makes him more worthy of psychoanalysis than a coven full of Harry Potter. Production values ​​rival Hollywood, and the scenario is devoid of racial stereotypes, misogyny, religious agenda or class rather than the form and perversity of so many fantasies on a large scale. . Intrigue and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the quality of fairy tales can be too saccharine for some audiences. But if you want an excuse to let your heart fly away, this movie might provide it. <br /> <br /> As a boy, I remember listening to the albums of the Moody Blues (who practiced in a house not far from where I lived) with wonder. They made records with names like "In Search of Lost Agreement" and wrote lyrics like "Thinking is the best way to travel". I would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from Timothy Leary to Aleister Crowley. Shaping dreams Learn to make them real. Nowadays, people can talk about NLP or positive thinking. Adults who remember how they dream with the strength of youth but with the vision and application of maturity. Do you still like that feeling? <br /> <br /> It is advisable not to wait for Stardust on DVD. See on the biggest cinema screen you can find. And Dolby Digital Surround sound if you can get it. The actors seem to have a balloon. Maybe you too.
