To make it short and not spoil everything, this film talks about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, who spoils a big delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened with being killed by the man who gave him the order. The goal now is to have 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a "retired" reminder, as well as Kip's brother and two old Randall friends. As you can see, it's the same for the big brother who needs to get rid of his troubles and of course, Randall is the best thief of all time. Of course, as in all other films, there are also some setbacks and surprises you never thought of, but sometimes it's predictable too, so the story is not extraordinary. <br /> <br /> You are probably wondering now why this is about 51 times the high number of HOT STUFF, since there are only 50 beautiful cars, fast, cool and expensive to fly. Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a big star (believe me))) is one of the other big topics in this film. She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but she is also very sexy. OK not hot as in pretty, but hot as in fucking cool and sexy. She was very credible in this role, probably because she is a kind of wild woman in real life too (do not believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part, see for yourself, man. I only know that she plays the kind of girl that I like in this film because she is not too traditional, she has a look a little alternative and she even comes with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK, the only drawbacks I felt While watching this movie, it was that there was not much action, there was a totally unrealistic scene, l story was only good and there were not many jokes. Hey, but after seeing the whole movie, I have to say: WHO CARES. Why do I say that, well, because it was always fun; had two or three fresh car chases; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where the combination of music and actor lines makes your eyes wet); good actors who have all done their job; pretty cars; a cool, wild and sexy woman (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and, finally, very nice and nice tools to boost cars. So, some disadvantages here, but still a rather good and entertaining movie. Overall, the best way to describe this movie is that it is a globally acceptable movie, with a cool movie ?? good end. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, well? He is actually one of my favorite actors in action genre today after movies as good as Rock, Air Con, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Moreover, which actor has had so many good action / thriller films in recent years and such successes? Well nobody !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. One thing that is true about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they continue to get worse. The Rock, was a clear 9, Con Air was a nice 8 and well, it's clearly a 7. It's not that this brand is bad. Does not that show that his Bruckheimer films are getting worse and that Cage may have to think longer before accepting a role in a movie and probably have a few less films? No, that does not show it to us, because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in recent years, with the exception of 8mm and Bringing Out the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. About this last film, I can not say anything because I have not seen it yet. One thing I know for sure, if Bruckheimer had asked me for these three films, I would have said YES to everyone. I would have said yes to The Rock, because the story was great and you could play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air, because there would be a lot of action, because the story was good and we had to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. I would have played because I would have had a big paycheck, I could have driven cool and fast cars and I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in this Lara Croft outfit) . This was a good choice from Mr. Cage and certainly deserved to be examined in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
