It's a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was comical rather than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, janitor of America from 1890, working in a laboratory. He is constantly struggling with the problems of life around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unprecedented!). He always screams after speeding (by bike - cars have not appeared yet). The scientist at his fingertips, he sees a helmet that looks like a device. He puts it on and tries it. He suddenly finds himself in modern America. The beginning was a silent movie of seven minutes. Now, everything is noise, everything speaks, all beep, all breath. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He meets Stanley Adams, a teacher, Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in this charming and quiet age. He helps Mulligan repair the helmet, and they go back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while because of the lack of scientific equipment that he can use. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future. But now, Woodrow is fully satisfied with his calm and simple age. He found his satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on television (often for Allan Funt in CANDID CAMERA, where he could help set up gagging tours on the audience). He also directed some movies (including a fun thing on the way to the forum and the railroad). But he sometimes appeared in plays and television episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (former comedy film director Norman McLeod - he directed the Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) on the stuff he could do. Watch how Stanley Adams and he time each time he picks him up when he picks up the pants he needs. In terms of timing, this is reminiscent of the gags he made in the 1920s in movies like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in great shape for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The appearances of Jesse White (here as a repairer) are always welcome. But look a little "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television in the 1950s to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with a discreet appearance and a loud and thunderous voice, his most famous drama role was that of promoter of the struggle in the cinematographic version of REQUIEM. FOR HEAVY WEIGHT (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a fighter wearing an Indian costume). His most famous television appearance was that of space trader who introduced the Starship Enterprise crew in STAR TREK to these little hairy and fertile "Tribble" creatures (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams still deserved to be watched (like Jesse White and certainly like Keaton), highlighting most of the productions in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end for a prominent performer.
