Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in prison for car burglary and he gave him the plan for the perfect robbery of a lifer in prison; he must therefore get out of prison quickly. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will spend time in jail for money. But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know someone who will. Soon the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovers the details of what is called the "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view, I recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is an excellent comedy for himself, about four people trying to steal money from the safe in a house. Everyone gave their share of the genius of the distribution of this film. Really good movie for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their part to this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this movie is only a comedy, is not fair. It's more than that. Because of a difference. All thieves in this film have very small wishes when asked: what will they do with their money? It is especially to ensure their future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the souls of these criminals. And not only them but also the Babitch cop, who presents himself as a corrupt; The directors Russo present us the fact that criminals and cops are identical. In fact, all at Collinwood are; and not just in Collinwood, because everyone is chasing money, legally or illegally. I do not like all movies where the public ends up loving and encouraging thieves. But, this one is an exception. You must love them all. Riley with his little baby and his wife in prison. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his sentence: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the others. They look like the characters in my favorite comic, Alan Ford. They are all trying to make money, but they just are not lucky. But they all did a good deed: they gave Riley money so he could take his wife out of prison. They are all heroes to me, because many "honest" people would not do that.
