After watching the film for the first time at 14, I remember being struck by hearing for the first time the word 'govno' (sh * t) on Soviet television (I bet it was really the * first * in the story "Does anyone want to add this to the trivia section? :)) ... What an open audacity and freedom I've thought of Over the years, the film and its incredible game have impressed more and more, but my feelings have turned into a kind of mixture of enjoyment of a true piece of cinematographic art and the bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposed to that of my 14 years. impotence There is an air of inevitable catastrophe looming throughout the film, a primitive degenerate tide (embodied by Sharikov) sweeping the life of the most beautiful spirits advancing humanity in their regions ... This is a great metaphor of the Russian revolution in géné ral, inspired by intellectuals ashamed of their superiority and their hope of "modernizing" the lower classes, only to release the power of mediocrity and let themselves be engulfed by it ... An extremely fine and talented piece, enveloping a really sad idea in a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself marked the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami overthrew them ?? for good, it seems, judging by most of the current Russian films (most of them are labeled 'blockbusters' in the preliminary movies !!! trailers and posters :). <br /> <br /> Curiously, this episode of "govno" is in no way contradictory The comment above of Efenstor concerns the foul language of the current generation ... From what I already have said, it might seem like it's the movie that shows the way forward, but it was not. A sweet word by today's standards, it was far too rude at the time, and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikov ... BTW, blames Efenstor's complaint, he's too naive to do the juxtaposition of being intellectual and using a crude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where a single key word could have a meaning that takes phrases in translation! But I regret that ALL of today's teenager's speech can be expressed in cuss words. I think the problem is more important than choosing the most effective support for the task. Well, this movie and the book are great thinkers that could change them, or who could have the luxury of watching them.
