This film (and yes, it's a film - it was shot in two parts, but the two parts together are reduced to a little over 2 hours) is one of the world's unsung masterpieces. The very high, but at the same time absolutely savage, denunciation of the Soviet regime and the type of people who prospered there, the film is a faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's eponymous book, long banned. The sets are flawless and the director made the brilliant decision to shoot in monochrome sepia, adding an impression of authenticity in which an incarnation of faded colors from the late '80s would have virtually ruined the film. I will not talk much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself, but the performances are real Oscar material. Special mentions go to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such a presence, gravity and wisdom so loving that in a word or a gesture, he ends up stealing all the scenes in which he is. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov. , which, interpreted to perfection by V. Tolokonnikov, scares much more the character than Hannibal Lecter, because not only it exists in real life, but men like him ran through the history, with all that s follows. <br /> <br /> Even if it's a socio-political allegory, it's worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, though dark, but many pure comedies do not tell me laughs as much as this movie. Moreover, when you make fun of this film, the feeling is not only hilarity, but also understanding and agreement, which is always an advantage. <br /> <br /> There is hardly any reproach I can have with this film - the only one A slight defect is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery that I sometimes caught "enlightened" characters. But this is a small argument. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been ignored by western licensing companies. It is truly unfortunate that one of the best movies in the world is languishing, unrestored and untranslated (which should not be incredibly difficult.) Although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily disappear in translation, the film's main themes should be: accessible to all). While we are waiting with our crossed fingers for the Criterion edition, I am thinking of creating subtitles in English. Go see how it works.
