Okay, after reading a few reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to dispel a misunderstanding as to the idea that it would be Nadia's direct scam: The secret of blue water. The only part that has been a Nadia scam is that Nadia's pendant and Atlantis pendant look so much like the way it's used, the origin and the way it was created from from the source of life there is no doubt that these are copied. If you want to know how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same way, you can also oppose that to Disney (it was a bit odd for Nadia and Kida to wear these bikini style clothes in a sci-fi adventure, not to mention they both install a similar style too). As a fan of cartoons, I must admit that there is some degree of copying, but that it is only minor details and that even if few ideas are original (like the encryption pattern on the wall of Laputa, the old mask of Princess Mononoke, the likeness of vehicles to the submarine Garfish to Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself is very original and it is really amazing that Disney can achieve it without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character of 20k Leagues Under the Sea who is also the main character of Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing glasses of similar style ... As the novel "The lord of flies" shows, glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think that Mylo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and a dozen other characters "INTELLIGENT" would seem unfit for the role if they played without glasses. With regard to the submarines and the way they fight (with these wide-bore torpedoes that really look like what Nautilius does), I want to say that it is an indispensable element for one or the other. other if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after all, it's a city engulfed under water). As for the crew that looks a bit like the Nautilius in Nadia team, it may be a work of art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement there, because the personality of the character is quite original to me. As a fan of cartoons, Nadia has been ranked # 1 of the best anime I have ever watched, even today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I saw the preview for the first time. But now that I've watched the movie, I've regained my trust in Disney and have great hopes for their future movies after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie to date without my shivering at the sound of their songs in the middle of the film and it's an advantage that they have revised their nerdy scripts to make it even better. Also, it is amazing that they actually describe the bad guys as normal without making them excessively pervert at first (I wondered who these bad guys were and only the blonde girl looked a bit like a bad character with respect to the way Disney draws, that is, the bad guys look really threatening)
