After watching two of his silent short films, "Elena and his Men (1956)" is my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir, and I really enjoyed it. However, I did not watch the film for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who ?? at 41? always radiated unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. In the early 1950s, following his scandalous marriage to the Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of favor. Her next five films, directed by her husband, failed in the United States, and I suppose Renoir's latest release did not improve Bergman's popularity with an English-speaking audience (however, she regained her former success with an Oscar). Anastasia (1956) of the year '}. She plays Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men all over the world, before abandoning them quickly. While she uses her lucky charms to respond to the political aspirations of the distinguished General François Rollan (Jean Marais), she falls into a love that she can not escape. This vaguely political film works well as a satire or romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously; it's purely romantic light down. <br /> <br /> Filmed in a brilliant tonic, "Elena and her men" also looks fantastic, a slew of bright colors, characters and costumes. The Polish princess of Bergman is dreamy and somewhat absorbed by herself, not in a way that does not resemble her, but who is not a woman of high principles and convictions. She is persuaded by a team of government conspirators in trouble to convince General Rollan to organize a coup, knowingly exploiting her love for her to satisfy her own illusions as a "guardian angel". The only legitimately virtuous character of the film is perhaps Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish secondary motives of all the others and pursues Elena for love and love alone. Renoir proudly suggests that this is what real French people do best. "Elena and her men" also tries, with moderate success, to expose the superficiality of the French links of the upper classes, through the awkward philanderisation of Eugene (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his family. mistress without her fiance interfering with them. For these sequences, Renoir was obviously looking for the crazy humor that could be found in a Marx Brothers film, but the film itself is so relaxed and relaxed that the energy is simply not there. present.
