Since my third or fourth listening some time ago, I abstained from The Mom and the Whore while waiting for the DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French script as well as Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doc and in-between, impossible to see or, in the case of My little lovers and Santa Claus ..., to review. <br /> <br /> Some questions that strike me at this moment: Veronika's Polish is very French spoken (a maximum of "a maximum of"). Still, does she have an accent? I think I can say she does. What does the absence of color add, especially to the only place where the fringe of the city is interviewed? How does this fringe differ from the sleep and travel that separate the worlds of The Tempest and The Winter's Tale? Same as Alphaville. We can imagine the years since, but Eustache deliberately circumscribing the medium of the film? Is it an enchanted island? Alexander is a fairy tale? Alexander always choreographs himself, wondering how and where to stand or walk, what to say when, announcing these decisions to who should care less about what he does than what he does. Or is it his way of trying to choreograph others by doing it for himself? How is it different from Vertigo's Scottie? (I say, I think, even.) What is the difference and is there a difference between Leaud d'Eustache, that of Truffaut and that of Godard? What is the difference between the current Leaud? Does it still not, in any case, in the recent roles of Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, whatever, at the approach of old age? Once, I arrived early in a series of Truffaut films by Antoine Doinel (Léaud character). For a long time, every three or five minutes, in the alley, came a man in his twenties wearing a headscarf, a tweed coat, Leaud's hair, with a nose in search of direction. I do not know if it was a conscious or unconscious mimicry. I was this age, but I have no idea what I looked like then. No scarves, at least. I have a brother, however, who seems to have learned his car from Bresson.
