First of all, I really liked this film and its message, which is to dare to live your life fully. Very poetic, with comforting scenes and funny and sad, very alive, it was a pleasure to watch. But here are my "exceptions": the movie was way too long, and at one point it was adding more and more additional conflicts so that it was starting to lose the main storyline. However, I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to meet so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas unfolding everywhere, we just do not know about people we meet only superficially. I did not like the end, so full of symbolism and extremely forced. This left a bad taste because it was too much. I did not like that so many important issues were dramatically raised in the group (when some people accused other major acts in front of everyone, people would simply be more "ashamed" to express so personally in front of everything the world, even if these people form a group with whom we work closely). And: to defend oneself is the strongest instinct of human beings. So why would Daniel let himself be beaten and never defend himself, not even to defend himself? I mean he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when attacked, but it made me mad to see him do nothing. It was as if the storyteller was trying to force a message like "violence is not necessary", but the way he chose to do that was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility when he remains impassive despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why would a woman, who has spent years with a man beating her, go to that man when he gets arrested and says, "I do not wish you any harm. your best, like all of us ". Oh really, that ruined so much! Was she going to be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter but not nearly "holy" and therefore not human. Was his work with Daniel and the music so great that it made him forget everything that had happened to him? Oh, please. So, these are the messy moments. Nevertheless, I still think it's a delicious movie overall, which is pretty amazing considering my discomfort with a lot of things. Look at this !! ;-) "
