The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressful professional life and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his home town in northern Sweden, from where his mother left as a sensitive seven-year-old boy who was bullied by Conny and other classmates, in serene life. He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but Daniel, reluctant and timid, refuses in principle. However, he is involved in the community and feels drawn to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a background with the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, affecting their daily life: the slow torus (André Sjöberg) has the chance to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), wife of Stig, frees her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude against her violent and abusive husband; the frustrated and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; the big Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) weeps enough against the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); Even Daniel begins to love people and Lena is the love of his life. When they are invited to participate in a major competition in Vienna, Daniel discovers that his music opens the hearts of people who realize his dream. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touching and sensitive film, with a very beautiful story. Director Kay Pollak and the writers managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are excellent, supported by a magnificent score and at least two great moments: when Gabrielle sings her song during the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the public, the jury and all the people involved in the melody, and Daniel making his dream come true. As in "Teorema", the unknown changes the life, not just of a family, but of a conservative community. In addition, like many European films, the open conclusion indicates that Daniel is really dead, at least according to my interpretation, reaching peace thanks to the success of his music. My eyes have become wet in these two scenes. My vote is new. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
