Kay Pollak / As it in Heaven's comforting Så som i himmelen (2004) contains all the stereotypes of Swedish humanity and inhumanity but manages to please the crowd. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, continuity-of-continuity detectors and saccharine demystifiers, but manages to evocatively portray the colors of life in a small community. The film also covers a range of proverbial messages on "Finding your own voice" and "Do it only in spite of your fear," without completely eliminating the mass of cynics. <br /> <br /> His success as The crowd pleaser comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers that bring new life to rural Christian communities offer significant leeway to expose hypocrisy while allowing repressed characters to come out of their shirts. In the same year and with a similar Swedish breeze, the Queen of Sheba pearls did it, and Babette's Day also comes to mind. Second, any film about small communities around the world will have a human impact in our increasingly individual, self-centered and impersonalized world. The structural similarity of this film with films like The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day is testament to its debt to the formula. But it's a formula with life still, and that seems to be because people need positive message films that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> The unknown is exhausted Master Daniel Daréus in search of rediscovery of himself. The city he visits, or rather visit, is, without the knowledge of the city dweller, the place of his childhood. He was intimidated by his classmates here, supposedly because he was a sensitive musician with no aspiration to drive a truck. Here, he holds the position of choirmaster / cantor, despite the usual suspicions of artists and foreigners. The place is, of course, populated by a wide range of recognizable types whose arcs of character can be predicted: the broken-hearted girl, with blond hair so beautiful that she almost shines; the local businessman who rings on a cell phone; the woman whose beauty is lost in the midst of domestic violence; the steel pastor and his less austere wife, who at first appear to be immediately out of Ingmar Bergman. Also present: a single jealous and stuck (Siv) (to be verified); geriatric whose soul still sings (check); senior couple who may have repressed each other's desires since kindergarten (control); an obese person whose function is to signal that we should not laugh and say "fat" (tick); intellectual handicapped boy who is able to sing a good 'A' (control). <br /> <br /> Pollak's movie is not quite warm, though. He turns away from the subgenre "Let's do a show despite setbacks and moral opposition". It contains violence and an end that could well be a metaphor for death after reaching creative nirvana. The film's violence is mainly due to male anger and repression, but it never plunges into the depths of why the bully of the school who grows up to become a woman drummer is like that. In the same way, the pastor of the small town adheres so closely to the moralistic and super-protestant stereotype of the black harbor that his secret indulgence in girls' magazines is hardly surprising. His repressions and hypocrisies are only there, unrelated to the psychological reality. Perhaps the unexplained photograph of a young boy, a lost son, perhaps once seen over his shoulder, holds the secret. <br /> <br /> Maybe these holes are editing functions, like many inconsistencies and continuity problems that can be spotted, such as the unexplained reappearance of Siv in the chorus (twice) after moralistic explosions. In fact, none of the problems encountered in the film lasts very long and all seem solved within the same scene. Aside from some clumsy love scenes, the 127 minutes of the movie rarely linger, but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the floor of the editing room. <br /> <br /> The film remains solid despite the three-star price the holes that can be picked in it. Simply because in a world of technology-oriented films and materialistic self-research, all glimpses of the human community are, fundamentally, a welcome to all, even the cynics.
