This is a very captivating mini-series from the BBC-TV channel that is based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but is rather a study of the characters in the story, which lasts five hours. So it's really a piece for ensemble, where the great variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show off their talents. The characters represented are really "the kind of people we do not normally meet", people so boring and indefinable that it is difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife is missing) who has no job and apparently has no interest in finding one. He lives on the gifts of his parents-in-law. He has already been in the army, but does not seem to have the slightest ambition or interest in life, except to love his little family. It is played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in this role and who presents himself as a totally friendly person, although his only activities for five hours are affectionate and sad, which he does superbly, so that we want comfort him, as he is. so obviously a good guy. The outstanding performance of the entire series is undeniably Penelope Wilton, which encircles all the other actors in history. She's just amazing. She portrays a very unfriendly woman, indeed the only character in history who is too familiar to everyone, namely an old silly woman irrational, hysterical, egocentric, dense, quarrelsome, in love and hating blindly. Alas, alas, we know them too well. Wilton is one of Britain's best actresses (see my review of her in "Half Broken Things"). She takes a character that could have been in two dimensions and does it in four dimensions. She is wonderfully supported by old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and both impose a high standard for all young players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she was young, became a lot less sympathetic now that she's older, got bigger in one way or another, and handed one, but she redeems herself at the end of history by showing how brilliant it is. an actress she can be when she has the opportunity by performing one of the most compelling and original scenes of drunkenness I have ever seen in a movie. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, played with a lot of depth and originality by the actress Sarah Smart. She takes a character that could have been unbearably tedious and the magic of the game turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, about whom we wonder tirelessly during the five hours. She is so good that we ask ourselves questions about Sarah Smart, frankly. I guess that's what happens when you really do your job properly, that people wonder where the character ends and where the actress starts, if she knows herself, which is the case and many do not know not. She has deeply annoying things with her eyes, which are flickering and letting us know she is upset, but we do not know how or why, although we finally learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. His mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing as an apparently hopeless boy who lives with his mother and does not have much to do, but who has hidden depths. (I guess most people have hidden depths, but do we want to probe them, that's the question.) Her mother is very well played by Margot Leicester. A superb performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who embodies a rude and revolting teenager of the kind we are all afraid to meet, but who, at crucial moments, collapses into helpless tears and is pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, her half-brother and younger sister. The younger siblings may be very dark as characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate, being desperate witnesses to the disappearance), with little to recommend to them if it is not is their sweet nature, but this is wonderfully well conveyed by Lee Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not see her much, which is a shame because she is such a good actress that she was wasted here. We could go on, but we have to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of representation of all these essentially uninteresting people, taken in a web of intense anxiety and suspense.
