Always the definitive program on the Second World War, The world at war is not only long, but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode takes about 45 minutes) and includes the events that preceded and followed the day after the war. Most episodes relate to the war in Europe and several episodes relate to the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic, and the interior fronts of Germany, Britain, the United States, and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and tells the story of the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the German territorial gains before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a post-war world. Remember is an appropriate episode to end this good program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then a opening credits. The credits are accompanied by a powerful musical theme. There are many appropriate music tracks throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The pictures are fantastic, just like the way they were put together. In addition, some images are in color. The included information also makes the episodes memorable and fun. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Ordered in 1969, it took four years to produce it, such was the depth of his research. The series was commented by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and most revered actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed personalities from the Allied and Axis campaigns, including testimonies from civilians, enlisted men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Algiers Hiss and Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs said in "World at War" that he had sought to interview, not necessarily the big names still alive, but their assistants and assistants. According to Isaacs, the most difficult subject to locate and persuade to be interviewed was Heinrich Himmler's adjutant, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted to having witnessed a large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> The World at War is often considered the definitive television story of the Second World War. Some consider it the best example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 largest British television programs developed by the British Film Institute in 2000 and voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranks 19th. The program contains everything the spectator needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the show so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one after the other. I have seen some of them many times. To my knowledge, there are two other great documentary series that could interest the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964), it concerns the First World War. The other is called the Cold War (1998), it obviously concerns the Cold War.
