The music and the dark performance of Laurence Olivier set the tone for this remarkable documentary. It is always a must for World War II fans, the descendants of the participants in this conflict, the politicians who think that things always go well when they extend their foreign policy via the bridge of an aircraft carrier ( have you heard that George Bush?) and any other person curious or needing to know the why and how of any aspect of this conflict. The 26 episodes are roughly classified in chronological order but can be seen out of sequence because they are more or less autonomous. There are inevitably new perspectives for the new viewer because of the considerable volume presented. The actual images of the battles are interspersed with interviews of the people involved in the stories. Most of the interviews took place with second-line authorities, that is, support staff of the main characters, soldiers, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses, and so on. You have a real taste of what war is. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I highly recommend it to used, gaptoothed and overpriced VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 CAN for five double-sided DVDs. This new version includes bonuses and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow. You can first choose the episode you want to see, then, after selecting, you can choose between different chapters of the episode or read the entire episode. It is understandable that with such a complete presentation, there is a little more navigation in the menu, but the impact of what you will see does not diminish after 30 years, or even 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first show on the Buffalo PBS television station just before leaving London in 1975 and wanting a copy right now. Now, my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> See this documentary. Tell your friends. Purchase a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges overcome by those of America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all the other nations and peoples involved in the final victory. What a revelation.
