This interesting feature has a very nice story, rather colorful characters and a very steady pace. it also incorporates a plot feature of "Reap the Wild Wind", and since Cecil B. Deille directed this film and his son-in-law, Anbthony Quinn, have directed this film from his preparations, this is maybe not a coincidence. it works in both cases, I must report. The unusual configuration tells the viewer that Barataria, an island led by Jean Lafitte, is built on piracy, but during the War of 1812 and before, he has always refrained from disturbing US ships. Now, General Andrew Jackson is accused of defending near New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British imperial red tunics and 60 ships. Lafitte's men want him to side with the strongest force. he wants liberty and forgives his men before yielding such a strategic landing point to the American forces. There are other factors at work in the story; The pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do it in defiance of Lafitte's orders, leaving a boy alive without knowing that they missed an eyewitness. When his testimony is finally released, Jackson will not be able to respond to Lafitte's request. but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson put the British in rout and he embarked for the fate that awaits him, a man endowed with genius and political sense but without fortune. The actors of this colorful and physically adorable movie are really talented. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as pirate king, Inger Stevens is gorgeous. As a girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many qualities as an advisor, his powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall the governor, and Claire Bloom is charismatic like Bonnie Brown. Ted from Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley, among others. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable and the 1938 screenplay remakes here only to be refreshed. The brilliant cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs. The sets were provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, sets by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore made makeup difficult. The film contains a lot of good dialogue at the level of adventure and a very strong battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, prepared to play the role of a former general and discovered that the man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often efficient, with gray hair or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull in the role of Mr. Peavey. It's an exciting, well-rounded entertainment that looks exactly like C.B. DeMille had finished his production; it is a beautiful and almost a very beautiful animated image.
