If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly satisfied. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. He pays tribute to the books on which he was based and parodies them at the same time. The film begins with a close-up on a shelf and an animated credit sequence that resembles the book illustrations. He begins to blunt the books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea that a teenager regularly separates criminal networks in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not treat this idea religiously. He does not care about Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, like every class in school, to know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side, making a twelve-arched birdhouse -boutants and even perform an emergency tracheotomy at any given time. Party. Nancy would still be in perfect style if she lived in the 1950s in good health instead of the current L.A. And she carries a "bloodhound kit" complete with dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Absolutely impressive, of course, but it seems to me that Hardy Boys' access to CSI equipment at some point is also a bit too practical. And if the piquant private eye of the grandson is a little younger than his literary counterpart, it is a more comical exaggeration on the part of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her father, a lawyer, leave their small town to settle in Los Angeles, where she deepens a case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy looks for clues quite conveniently, such as websites like Google and this one, as well as old videos of the victim. When she does something more unusual, you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. Emma Roberts, an undeniably cute girl, plays wonderfully the amateur detective the size of a pint. She makes the girl too perfect completely adorable, if not quite realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the father of the overly perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure, without being unrealistic, and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter as she puts herself in danger. Less sympathetic is Max Thierot's take on Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I much preferred the portrait of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s television series with Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a clumsy and clumsy kid with a crush on Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old boy in love with Nancy, is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem to be well-known as Nancy's friends, Bess and George, but they only make brief cameos at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> On cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis all make surprise appearances, which proves that you can never guess which Bruce Willis movie will appear in the next movie. <br /> <br /> The film does not keep its promises. . It was mentioned early on that the new home of the Drews was heavily trapped, but Nancy and her father ended the trip a few minutes later. In addition, Nancy describes the unresolved case she is going to investigate as a murder at an extravagant party, which is expected to result in many murderers, but she has met only a small number of suspects. And although there are some moments of real suspense during the adventures of Nancy, the solution to the case comes from nowhere, and in the end, all the threads of the plot are linked too conveniently and who cares who did it. The score of Ralph Sall adds to the suspense of the film, but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame. Nevertheless, I really enjoyed this film and, even though the film is primarily for girls, people of all ages and sex can enjoy it.
