"The mother and the whore" is the most beautiful film of all time. And what is most moving is perhaps the relationship between reality and art that the film deals with, directly inspired by Proust's "In Search of Lost Time". <br /> <br /> Indeed, "The mother and the whore" "and" In search of lost time "apparently tell the same story: that of the failure of love, which repeats itself indefinitely. the first woman always bears the name of Gilberte, and the second appears as a double crooked and deformed Gilberte: Veronika is like a "prostitute Gilberte", as beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as the day". the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but it is as already condemned by the first.Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexander and in the film.It eclipses it gradually, d ' first from time to time, Gilberte continues to come when Alexander waits Veronika, then totally.This shows that it is the same sad story that is repeated, the same "unfaithful wife", as Alexander says, which appears indefinitely - and 'unfaithful is for Proust the culmination of love, which makes him ex ister, but which also highlights the illusions. <BR /> <br /> Art is what causes the passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - and what is inside, which is the truth and constitutes an apprenticeship of this truth. For example, when Veronika notices the strange way Alexandre makes his bed, he answers that he saw it in a film, then that a film "is made for that, learn to live, how to make a bed ". Alexander wants to live like in a film, he wants his life to be an art. <br /> <br /> This conception of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and artistic realism. "The mother and the whore" is fighting against a conception of "mainly political" art - see, for example, the ironic criticism of a political film by Alexander. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations, it exists only in silence." First of all, art is introspection. And it is also for this reason that realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie". This is why "The mother and the whore" does not hide its artificial character, emphasizes by the way the actors "say" their text: "the more you seem artificial, the higher you go," said Eustache. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust share this idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But Alexander failed where Eustache succeeded. "The Mom and the Whore" tells us about a character's failure to be what he really is. You can feel that tragedy occurs when you go further in the film, which becomes the saddest one. You can see it on the face of Alexander, who looks more and more like an undead. You can see it by the fact that the scenes lengthen and that after a moment, nothing happens anymore. At the end of the film, when you see Alexander writing and Veronika asks if he writes his life, you can guess that this is not the case, that even the literature has failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, crushed by the heaviness of reality. And in this little nurse's room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a reader of Balzac. In "Form and meaning", Jean Rousset explains that at Proust, Balzac's readers, who are Swann and Charlus, are incapable of any artistic creation, because they are stuck in reality, which they confuse with art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that he "likes a woman for parallel reasons, because she played in a Bresson, for example". He is like Swann who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my vocation". This thought is that of Eustache, who committed suicide, even if it is said by Alexander. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexander and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexander, Alexander is like a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> In juggling with Veronika at the end of the film, Alexander is doomed to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the latest images of the film, in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud and in the huge folds of Veronika. Or perhaps it is already hell that describes the end, as in "Eight-Clot" of Sarte, and absolutely not as in the final release of "The Time retrieved". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexander would never have finished the book, still disturbed by life and Veronika when he was trying to read it in his apartment or in cafes. "The Mom and the Whore" is like a double reverse of "In Search of Lost Time", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "In Search of Lost Time" tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette) . <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, an artist tells "reality in the light of his dream", it is his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "The mother and the whore".
