In what could have been considered a coup d'etat towards the sexual "revolution" (I am happy to use quotations for this word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed The mother and the whore as a poetic and overwhelming criticism of those who do not seem to be able to make themselves understood. enough love. If there is a message to this film - and I hope the message will come only after the fact that this Ben-Hur feature film has to offer - is that to love, honestly, there must be level of happiness, real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what about the result if no one can really have what they really want, or do not think they can express to say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationship between Alexander (Jean-Pierre Leaud) and the women around him? He is a pseudo-intellectual in his twenties who has no apparent job. He lives by a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him and is generally, if not always, his lover, his last possible love for him. Life left him, and immediately he caught a woman, Veronika (Francoise Lebrun), whom he sees in the street, who perhaps reminds her of her. Soon, what is revealed is the love triangle most subtly scorching never put on the film, where the psychological strings are drawn with the most cruel words and the slightest gesture. At first, we think that everything depends on what will happen to Alexander, but we are mistaken. Women are so essential to this issue of love and sex that they must be present and chatting constantly to find something to understand. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, theory if it is quite in practice (maybe, I can not say I did not not been alive since the beginning), was that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But Eustache's point of view, if not quite the message, is that it's almost impossible to get it back and forth: you can not let people love you and expect you to get the satisfaction of an ultimate companion who arrives with "f *** ing", as the characters refer again and again. <br /> <br /> The strength of the mother and the prostitute with regard to the theme expresses this fear under promiscuity, the absence of monogamy, while stimulating the intellect in the most talkative speech that you have never seen in a movie. At the same time, we see a character like Alexander, who probably likes to hear about a film he saw or a film from his past, Eustache makes sure that the film itself is not pretentious - although it may appear Of course, it is about pretension, about what lies behind those who cover for their internal defects, what they must use when they are finally alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were talkative relational movies, you have not met him yet. But as Eustache enjoys the dialogues that these characters have, sometimes trivial, or 'deep', or sexual, or frank, or sometimes extremely (or moderately) emotional, it's never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of a * good * talking film, it's exceptional. Although his style does not call the boldness of his predecessors in the new wave a dozen years ago, the new wave of Eustachian mixes with the characters and reverberates them. <br /> <br /> This is realism with a touch of attitude, things sometimes scathing and sarcastic, coarse and without shame. The three actors are so glued to their characters that we can never perceive them as "feints" of emotions or melodrama. It is almost TOO good in terms of realism / naturalist, but for the Eustachian material, there is no other way around it. Fortunately, Leaud delivers the centerpiece of her career from this period, and the two ladies, especially Labrun in the role of "whore" Veronika (an affirmation that she refutes with astonishment in the climax of the film in one uninterrupted blow). In addition, the director will plunge from time to time in a moment of quiet reflection, that of a person sitting alone, listening to a record, contemplating or dying. This is probably the greatest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and who has a particular scene that is completely up (and with love) in the approach of the end of Paris. <br /> <br /> It's sad to say. Before I saw Broken Flowers, I had never heard of Eustache or this film, and getting it became a real challenge (not available on American DVD and VHS so rare that it took several months of follow-up in various libraries). Not a minute of this time has been lost; The Mother and the Whore is a truly magnificent work, one of the best dramas on French relations, perhaps one of the most amazing I have ever seen in the country. It's complex, it's soft, it's cold, it's absorbing, and it's very long, maybe too long. It's also satisfying on the kind of level I would compare to Scenes from a Marriage; 35 years after the release of each film, real revelations about the human condition continue to occur.
