It's a breath of refreshing air when a movie offers you a story with a beginning, a middle and an end, a friendly and intelligent mystery, with an attractive heroine for all ages, who seduces us with his wit and his charm. Andrew Fleming's film is indeed a modern wonder, a return to the good old reliable storytelling that was the norm in Hollywood. He avoids relying too much on the special effects used for entertainment and offers us a fantastic film, with a very talented young actress and a talented support team. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the old books, but it has been updated enough to be put in this century; however, the props could be different, the heart is still a good mystery and there is one intelligent, a link between the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl who believes in good behavior and respect for others. details that are sorely lacking in today's movies. She is always good enough to attract the boys' attention, but she also knows how calm and respectful she is. She wins her medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little cunning when she needs to achieve her goals. <br /> <br /> During her vacation in California, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of a Hollywood actress who has been the victim of a criminal act; all of a sudden, she is "visited" by her ghost, which triggers a series of events that can solve the mystery or have something terrible for herself. What makes the film quite amusing is the small details, because it discovers that its customary world is nothing compared to the Californian scene, and that it is well presented, without resorting to useless vulgar language, to elements graphic or overtly sexual. In the end, the director has enough control to make it all very attractive for all types of audiences, from the youngest to the most mature. It is a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and appreciated, a rare and delicate film, and it is not afraid to be classified as fun! Five stars
