Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs, like so many other French filmmakers in the past, to great unknowns whose films are difficult to find and have not been released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old video store in Tucson, I had the chance to watch this three-and-a-half-hour marathon masterpiece that does not bother you for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we speak here of One of the most discussed (and most controversial) films of all time, let me tell you that the endless dialogues, typical of the beginning of the "New "Wave" Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, seem almost ridiculous in this film. The dialogues are essentially monologues, mainly the long ones spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of two people's speeches are almost nil. Leaud, or his character, Alexander, likes to say more about himself than about the subjects he is apparently talking about. Therefore, we can hardly talk about communication in this film. It is quite possible that the director has in mind a gigantic satire against the idle political and sociological ideas so much discussed, but the type of man Alexander has always existed, it is already found in "Satiricon" Petron, which his work actually has a great resemblance to "Mother and Whore". <br /> <br /> Alexandre does not do anything but he has developed a sort of metaphysics about the lack of action, at least in the sense of responsibility towards the society of which he is a member. He laughs at people who run to work at 7 am, while he is just taking his last drink before going to bed in the apartment of one of his friends where he lives. money. He is unable to speak a sentence without citing one of the main thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre who is quickly shown to the French intellectual café "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre sits all day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues, because they suffer from an existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. . However, Alexander's intellectual discourse seems rather pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences he quotes seem to come more from a dictionary of quotations than from his actual reading of the respective books. <br /> <br /> It's true: this film requires an extremely broad European knowledge, especially the knowledge of the French existentialist philosophy and its consequences on the movement of the student revolution of 68 years, but if you have this knowledge, you'll enjoy 215 minutes of your life watching astonished television and crying out laughing like you probably have not done for a long time.
