Jake Speed ​​is a film missing a thing ?? a charismatic advance. Unfortunately, it's something that defiles the entire movie and it's a shame because it's a nice action movie with a pretty witty storyline and an interesting premise, albeit derivative. Although its genesis can probably be attributed to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the movie actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone' though it's upside down. He is not an author of romantic romantic adventures led by a character very similar to one of his creations, he is an adventurous fictional character (who tells his own adventures) leading an ordinary woman in one of his adventures . <Br/> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the seductive Karin Kopins) trains with the hero of pulp Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his sidekick Dennis (Dennis Christopher) who both turn out to be real and very imperfect people in an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African state torn apart by the civil war and finally in the clutches of two brothers, the deliciously devilish Sid (John Hurt ) and his ridiculous brother, Maurice (Roy London). This is the plot ?? it is not labyrinthine and it is not complicated but the story it tells does not require a great depth. <br /> <br /> The action sequences are appealing at first and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is put to the test (caught in battles between the government and the rebel forces or in a pit filled with lions) and there are certainly some fun lines. However, the movie seems to have a hard time finding an end and, unfortunately, the action sequences that are quite appealing at first do not go anywhere and eventually become a little bland and tedious. However, it might not have been such a problem if it was possible to love Jake Speed, but thanks to Wayne Crawford's performances, it becomes more difficult to be concerned about what is happening. Now, I do not know if he was stretching a bit too much because he was also the producer and scriptwriter of the film or if he was just not a good actor (because I did not see him in a lot other things) but he never really convinced. It's a shameful mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> It's a shame, because most other characters play their role well ?? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares some nice jokes with Jake (unfortunately, that never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal buddy and John Hurt plays the role with camp relish ?? almost as if he were in a Batman episode of the sixties. He paces his few scenes roaring in a ridiculous cockney accent, staging a performance that belongs almost to another film. Sid is not a Moriarty (he is touted as Jake's arch-nemesis in many of his previous adventures / books) but he's still fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same fun movie B spirit as "Night of the Comet" (a film produced by Crawford a few years ago) that almost succeeds but misses what is a shame because Jake would have been good to watch in a few more adventures and might have been better served by a TV show. <br /> <br /> to taste because most of the elements were there to do something really good.
