Comedies often have the bad reputation of having little real depth. The arms and the man prove that this notion is false. Shaw's play is full of comic drama, combining a fun plot with real philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> At one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. Raina, young, melodramatic and superficial, comes from a military family deeply involved in a war; his fiance and his father are both officers of the army. She is shocked one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves him, knowing that she will have to keep this incident secret forever in her family and the soldier will eventually leave. Of course, once the war is over, this soldier comes back, forcing each of the main characters to reevaluate their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's pretty interesting to see how Shaw inserts meaning into the rather standard comic plot. . Shaw manages to comment on class constructions, the absurdity of war and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does it with the Chavian spirit and in a satisfying plot. There is so much to think that I think a lot of things can be missed in one viewing. Arms and the Man is an excellent and humorous theater and is without a doubt one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both a fun and stimulating film that has kept its relevance. century after its conception. Shaw mocks popular theories about war and love and combines a military satire with a taunt about love and family structure. The piece has a sparkling spirit, a lively humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is the statement made by Captain Bluntschli in Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to do it and I am very happy to get out of it when I'm not. an amateur, you think that fighting is a fun. As a Swiss hotelier son, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in the war and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the concept of war and the armed forces on both sides of the struggle and shows in the end that feelings on both sides are not that different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and sarcasm used towards common notions of life is mingled with a gentle assurance of the movement of history towards a fairytale end. The end where all the characters are made happy and where the lovers change and who change their love is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. It is a film that maintains its image of possession of universal appeal and is still appropriate today, while the concepts of war, patriotism, love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and Man" should remain relevant as long as there is love and war.
