Doyle had never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his common death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial considerations made him want (in 1901) to write THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and perhaps even his best novel. But it was a "memory" of the great detective, written before his death. Only a bigger outcry from his audience led Doyle to completely resurrect Holmes in THE ADVENTURE OF THE EMPTY HOUSE, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> It's not just the new news (and the last novel) are really bad. Maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the most terrible ones are very readable. Many of the newer ones (such as THE SOLITAIRE CYCLING ADVENTURE) are really good. But the inequalities of production (especially after the stories of HIS LAST BOW (1917)) become more and more apparent. He repeats past stories and shows very negative aspects of Holmes. In the story, the three gloomy adventure, Holmes shows a sneering sarcasm at a character of African descent. <br /> <br /> THE FUTURE SPOILER: <br /> <br /> CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON'S ADVENTURE discusses Holmes' attempt to retrieve compromising letters from Milverton, a resounding master singer. This is an interesting example of how Doyle could create a very readable story with minimal plot because there is hardly any real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton about buying the letters, but to get them back anyway! Milverton is not only unwilling to consider a smaller sum for newspapers, but also to protect himself from Holmes' attempts to search his person. Later, we learn that Holmes entered Milverton's house while making love to a disguised maid. In the end, Holmes goes to Watson's home to rob Milverton's house. Watson and he are at home when they realize that Milverton is waiting for a new commercial contract in his study (someone who has information that Milverton can use). Holmes and Watson, who are hiding neatly, witness the arrival of a woman who has been the victim of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities and who has shot down the master singer. Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton's collection of compromising documents before fleeing the house and then discovering (for themselves) the woman's identity. The police (under Lestrade) do not find out who are the two mysterious men seen fleeing Milverton's home, and they are so disgusted with Milverton's activities (they never managed to get anything back home) that it is obvious that murder will never happen. to be determined. <br /> <br /> History is not a fascinating piece of work that involves detective work such as THE ADVENTURE OF THE SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of mood and late action - the problem is whether Holmes and Watson will get the papers or will they be caught by Milverton? This is not one of the best stories, but it is in most of the stories that it is very well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> When he was writing CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had experienced the police about his activities as a well-respected amateur detective. An artist was found murdered in his studio in London and Conan Doyle began writing his opinions on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently by his Scotland Yard friends - that the murder was not discovered. The victim was homosexual and the police were convinced that the spit of a lover had gone terribly wrong. For the sake of the victim's family (it was in 1905), Doyle lost interest in the case. He was therefore aware that sometimes the British police were restrained in cases that did not seem to warrant a thorough investigation - such as Lestrade's detention of anyone who would have killed the evil Milverton in history. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story that could have been told in the normal one-hour version of the series. But the TV show from THE MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the horrible dilemma faced by the victims of Milverton (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic army officer commit suicide at a homosexual exhibition because of the extravagant demands of Milverton, all at the beginning of the game show. And they are not just homosexuals. In heterosexual marriages, reputable men and women may be accused of discovering illegitimate children or former indiscreet relationships. Indeed, in history, the woman who killed Milverton avenged the destruction of her husband (a notable noble) destroyed by the master singer. <br /> <br /> Milverton is well played in his most toxic badness by this beautiful actor Robert Hardy who, even in the face of unexpected fury that he unleashed, is totally imperturbable (he seems to let see the angry woman coming out of his house in a moment). Brett and Hardwicke are doing pretty well in their roles in Holmes and Watson, as expected. <br /> <br /> How much was the loss of character due to rumors or insinuations of 1905? In 1898, Sir Hector MacDonald was one of the heroes of the various imperial wars and the leader of the last victorious charge at the Battle of Omdurman who destroyed the Mahdist army (see FOUR FEATHERS). He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly resigned unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself at a hotel while waiting for an audience. It later emerged that "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular army commander in Britain, had been caught sleeping with native boys. Milverton would have eaten it very quickly ... or his real counterparts would have done it.
