"Renaissance (2006)" was created over a six-year period, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of approximately € 14 million. The end result is an incredible cartoon-style animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller did with "Sin City (2005)", but this film used motion capture with actors Live to translate their faces and movements into a fully animated format. Presented in black and white, the film seems to have been extracted from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris is looming above us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volckman, in his debut feature film, "Renaissance" is significantly inspired by other science-fiction films, and the tech-noir plot is not something we had never seen before. technical point of view, it is irreproachable. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a ruined metropolis full of dark alleys and deserted paths, the recent installation of modern technologies offering only a thin mask to the poor degradation of dark buildings. The largest company in the city, Avalon, has achieved its wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly striving to invent more ways to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (expressed by Romola Garai in the English version, which I watched), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work. So it is the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) who discovers where. Bislane (Catherine McCormack), the hardened older sister of Ilona, ​​whose credibility is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated doctor who loved Ilona as his own daughter, may be the key to the disappearance of this woman <br /> The strange and dimly lit city of Paris recalls that of Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner (1982)", and some of the technology seems to have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in "Minority Report" (2002) ). " {which, coincidentally, was also fixed in 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters. Mixing classic black film and science fiction, the result is an eye-catching collage of hard lighting and dark shadows that, I must say, sometimes becomes difficult for the viewer. The dialogue is sometimes a bit banal and the story, while engaging, offers nothing of striking originality (with the exception of the end, which, in my opinion, was a daring variation of the usual formula), but "Renaissance" is supposed to work. better as a visual treatment, and that he succeeds in this regard can not be denied.
