To punctuate the sequence of opening credits, a swarthy man lives a strange nightmare. Approaching his dystopian 2054 Paris, the film begins to follow a woman in a filthy club, where she and a slave bartender find themselves outside on the bridge. They make exclamations on the grounds that she owes him more, although she thinks she has paid for everything. Another woman is obstructing the nascent violence only to fight bitterly with the woman herself. The initial woman is stormed and she is kidnapped. The revival of Christian Volckman seems to be another part of the recent black-sci-fi animated motion-capture footage assembly, but despite the fact that this is mostly true or not, it tells a tidy and classic police story who keeps us In the first minutes of darkness, even with Karas, the hard-boiled policeman, we recognize from the beginning the man who awakens from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> The basic elements of the classic black film are all minted without any anachronistic change, for all intents and purposes. It is in the harshness of his monochrome that Volckman's French thriller has not followed any example. For the animators of the film, without worrying about the physical lighting challenges they would normally face, they could start with a totally black frame and affix a pristine white depending on the action on the screen. While they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction between black and white is required, without any shades of gray, to set the tone with the less strict moral codes of the characters, and the result is a harsh and critical view of the direction in which commercial civilization is heading, causing sporadically to suffer the most cruel and ruthless enlightenment. It is the artistic study of the film noir up to the visual limit of his philosophy, and nothing had previously shared so much the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this cyberpunk movie worthy of the name do not seem to have escaped with a Gothic black ink cartoon, but overall, their physical reactions, their gestures and the nuances of their facial expressions seem within a clear humanity. Normally, movies that experiment with new developments in animation allow their technical advances to surpass all other facets of production. Sin City, for example, leaves much to be desired for the substance and overall goodness of its source material. <br /> <br /> This may not be hallucinating, he may have his narrative conventions and his voiceover may be just enough, but Renaissance, generated for $ 19 million over six years, not only looks like black but to an imprudent appropriation, but it is not secondary to all the visual innovations, which are played out as if they were accessory. We do not think so much of the coolness when Karas avoids the bullets fired in a Parisian street full of glass, but rather its weight of life and death, the way the tragedies of life, like death, give a meaning to life.
