Every second of the movie is beautiful. And that's why he wins a 7, because the plot is not particularly sneaky and, thinking back to the last 90 minutes, I never really felt excitement or investment in the characters. The graphics and the luxurious framing have made some scenes (car chases, for example) more pedestrian than they should be - it's not that they look great and they have a very original design and sometimes unprecedented viewing angles - lack the kinetic movement and close-ups that are part of the language for any type of action / thriller. The first hour advances, and the dialogue seems very edifying and a bit theatrical - people expect to finish and do not always react in a natural rhythm, which would raise the problem of the separate recording of the dialogues of each individual. On rare occasions, the emotions of the voices do not match those of the screen. something that really should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, nice smoke / mirage / special effects) and nice cars, but again - it's more of a graphic design exercise, having no real impact on the story. I would say that the use of comic animation (instead of actors / CGI) aims to push the boundaries of imagination and design; do what is too difficult / impractical in other mediums. Although the animation of Renaissance is certainly breathtaking and incredibly successful, I never had the impression to see something that had never been done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance. beauty on history and rhythm. To be honest, some wonderful and engaging French movies also have a slow pace. Persistent plans of looking into someone's eyes or rain on Parisian cobblestones can cause a great deal of excitement - but animators must understand that while animation brings unique strengths, it has weaknesses over technique real. That might break with the "black" rules the film wants to adhere to, but I think filmmakers have also missed a glaring opportunity to explore their future society a little bit - the social strata, the fascist power of corporations, and so on. . . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone who likes stylistic design and / or animation (fans of 'Manga' in particular), but I would not want my other friends film buffs take advantage of it. Remove the sumptuous visuals and it's a barely average movie.
