Imagine the classic black-story lines infused with hyper-stylized black-and-white visuals from Sin City by Frank Miller. Then imagine a dystopian sci-fi thriller, such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. An amalgam of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the dark and atmospheric vision of French director Christian Volckman in his film debut. But while Volckman's work undoubtedly draws on the aforementioned films and their peers, such a simplistic hybrid does not make Renaissance, Volckman's final result, justice - the film itself is a much more complex job than that. . <Br /> <br /> Gender hybridity is usually a matter of chance, especially in a contemporary context, with the well of individuality that seems more and more exhausted. As such, Renaissance is at least laudable as a cinematic experience, with its unique blend of the rugged nihilism of the neo-black detective thriller and the dreaded dreadful terror of the drama of dystopian science fiction, which serve as a complement to the narrative the other. conventions in a strangely appropriate manner. The scenario is clever and intriguing (although it seems that many of the lines of the script would have been much more effective in their original French translation than in the English translation, the title of the film also becomes much more poignant). take a step ahead of his audience. Although many elements of the plot seem rather familiar to those who frequent such sci-fi thrillers, the scenario arouses unexpected twists at the right time to keep the viewer on the guard, which makes it a really convincing job. <Br /> <br /> Volckman's film really excels in its visual component, and the beautiful black-and-white animation is easily the highlight of the film - superbly sullen and stylish, it proves the tremendous aesthetic effect that the simple use of two shades. With huge details in the composition and look of each shot, and a superb use of very dark shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears straight out of a comic strip of Frank Miller, but with a twist, the end result being always visually sumptuous. <br /> <br /> The English interpretation of the film also enjoys greater credibility thanks to its very appropriate range of voice casting. Daniel Craig's gruff voice is an absolutely perfect cast for Karas, a stoic policeman, and Catherine McCormack is very present as a mysterious woman investigating the disappearance of the sister. Despite a hesitant English accent, Romola Garai is doing a great job as a frantic sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatening as a shady leader of the mega corporation threatening Avalon. Ian Holm's reedy voice is also a wise choice as a mysterious scientist. Holm makes a strong impression in his brief scenes. <br /> <br /> Overall, Renaissance offers a futuristic thriller visually stunning, unique and compelling, as intelligent as entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent this type of fare and the occasional feeble line may prevent the film from being the crass masterpiece it is supposed to be, the superb animation in it -Even easily carries the film through his occasional hesitations. For fans of the interrelated genres of the film or the punchy graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those who wish to enjoy a clever and slightly less conventional interpretation of the futuristic thriller, the film certainly deserves a visit. <br /> - 8/10
