One of the reasons Pixar has endured so well and met with such success is that while their films are technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story that lives up to their style. And often a very moving style: affecting, charming and intergenerational. That a lot of anime (speaking in general terms) and many other animations fail to match their technical virtuosity to the real stuff, I think (and I could be wrong) partly because the creators are not bothered by the character and the plot and focus too much on the sound and the image, or the effort needed to create animations is so huge, so annoying that they do not have the energy to create a story really engaging. <br /> <br /> The same can not be said of the Renaissance. His plot has flaws, but I'll come back to that later. These same flaws, however, are not reflected in the visual elements - Renaissance is no longer stunning. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so contrasting that it's just a visible face or beam of light) and incredible detail are always impressive, always a pleasure to see. The exposed futuristic Paris is the dark offspring of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dark, quite rich and even clean, but enveloped in intrigues, corporate malpractices, obsessed with beauty (capital of the footbridge, after all) and disguising the misery and neglect of its labyrinthine passages covered with varnish. monumental and sophisticated architecture. <br /> <br /> It's an attractive environment, not quite original, but excellent all the same. The film's much vaunted "motion capture" technology and the incredible attention to human and conceptual minutia give images for which a black and white photographer would die. It's not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman creates superb action sequences: a pursuit for the care of hell for leather, two macabre murders (with a lot of imagination), several fights in black and a dirty film in a dark apartment. The locations are very good too (I want to visit the disco). While the central character of Karas is your usual maverick policeman, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real drivers of the film. Coming from war-torn Eastern Europe, products of war, diaspora and family whipping, they are a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is extremely atmospheric, its vertiginous counterfeit -camera moves and the adult tone makes a very attractive experience. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which Karas must look tirelessly, he must find Ilona Tasuiev, a beautiful and pioneering scientist, after tearing her off the street. The sinister Avalon company (whatever her company?), For whom she worked for "classified" projects, her projects are resolutely turned towards her, and soon, Karas is in the throat against official reprimands, corpses, cigarettes smokes and misses balls, and falls in love with Ilona Bislane's sister (expressed with great sympathy by Catherine McCormack) as she plunges into the depths of the sordid basement of the city (and her own past) . <br /> <br /> Text -book black, in other words, but although I liked the movie much more than Sin City (to which it looks visually), the plot and the resolution are monotonous, the theme immortality being raised but never scrutinized, and Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach's shenanigans are also boring and greatly alleviate the dramatic tension. Basic ideas are familiar sci-fi genre materials, and there is a lingering sense that visual elements and the atmosphere mask mundane material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, although some of the scenarios in which the characters find themselves sometimes feel like excuses to display technical magic. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from the base that makes this film a place to see. I take it perhaps too seriously, and if so, I can at least say that it is superbly designed, extremely entertaining (and quite mature too) and in an incomparable atmosphere.
