It is totally useless to evaluate this film. It is as if you condemn (or praise) the newborn for his future life. Instead, consider this as a powerful meditation on what could have been and what has been done over the past 100 years. Eighteen years of cinematography: what happens to the baby? I like to contemplate what would happen (creatively) if Europe was not interrupted (devastated) twice by the great wars of the twentieth century. On its ruins, the false neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus named Hollywood has been erected. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian cinemas opened the way, both financially and creatively. The French film in particular already presented very original and creative ways that could (if they are not interrupted) possibly alter the history of the medium in an unimaginable way. One wonders what the history of cinema would look like today if it were not stifled by the mercantile and cheap political agenda of 80 years of Hollywood, which Chekhov could define as a smell of greed and prostitution ... you might at least realize that Exit is the key (or at least one of them) of the "Kingdom". Thus, the cradle of cinema: Lumiere Brothers factory, Lyon, France The date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a replica of filming in the summer of 1895, so if you notice the lights of the summer and the lighter clothes of the workers: this is the version shown THE FIRST PEOPLES WHO SEEN THE IMAGES IN MOTION * Louis Lumière: creative ideas, cinematography, direction, everything came under the competence of Louis, because Auguste took care of the rest (money * The first rolls of film all lasted in fifty seconds: camera (= the Cinematograph) & cameramen (director of photography) having only fifty seconds to get things done! * Apparently, the Institut Lumière has managed to keep about 1,500 of these first films, performed mainly by a traveling itinerant filmmakers' brigade from Loumière, crossing the globe. *** Thus, all the stars in the starry sky and a minute of silence for perhaps the inve most magical event in the history of humanity (so far).
