Story tells that on December 28, 1895, a small group of 33 people had gathered at the Salon du Grand Café in Paris to attend the Cinematograph, a so-called new invention resulting from the work done by a couple of photographers named August and Louis Light. The small public gathered that day (some on invitation, mostly out of curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show and, when a still picture appeared projected on a screen, most of them thought that the Cinematograph was just another sophisticated way to present slide shows. Until the photo begins to move. What these thirty-three people marveled at on this cold December day was the very first public projection of a moving image projected on a screen; The story was being written and the cinema as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 shorts screened during this historic day, "The output of the light factories" ") was the first to be screened.The film shows the many workers at the Lumiere factory. Passing through the doors of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day's work.Although a very basic "news movie" (movie describing a real event), the film surprised all viewers, because their concept of animated images was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" machines (the Kinetoscope), the invention of the brothers did not resemble anything they had seen before and the audience was amazed, while people and the horses were moving across the screen.The idea was not entirely new (The Prince made the first film in 1888), but the way to show it was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> "The output of light factories" would become the first in the long series of "news films" that the Light would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the type of favorite film of the brothers, because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses that the Cinematograph could have. Despite the lack of initial enthusiasm, the Cinematograph was a great success after its first screening and "The Output of Light Mills" quickly became an emblematic image of this first projection. It was certainly not the first film shot by the brothers that year, and it was probably not the best of the 10 films shown that day (personally, I think "L'Aroseur Arrosé" was the best 10); However, it is really significant that the very first film was the opening of a pair of doors. Indeed, this film literally opened the doors to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
