I just came back from the late-night cinema and it was actually a silent outing, while most of the audience marveled at the black-and-white images of the score, the freedom movement, etc., which reminded of everyday life. our ancestors faced! Remember that there was no tel / fax / internet at this time, but for the very voice of Truth and Nonviolence, cinematography has infused a harsh reality of adversity into the middle of the Raj strict. <br /> <Gandhi presented as a conscientious advocate in South Africa, who defended his fundamental ideologies and gave all degrees of conviction to raise awareness of the same with humility and holiness, which, in the speech given by the general Smut, was presented as a beautiful goodbye He had the best speech written with a subtle humor and a veiled threat against the British Raj in India! There was a nice remark when he said that we silently pray the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician is set for India (toward holiness). <br /> <br /> The very background of a large family with many children needs the attention of a clearly divided attention and love that has put a spell on the psyche of the world. unfortunate child who has been left alone to aspire for unrealistic ambitions. A little Harilal knew his aptitude and he marvels emotionally small pleasures in life and fails in front of the immense idol of his father. He tries to escape the mentorship that is the basis of any success that was to be attended by Happy Harilal evokes his frustration in public. This means that he becomes mentally weak and becomes psychologically disturbed to such an extent that he is forced into religious conversions and alcoholism, his debts and disobedience fueling his negative thoughts. He had always expressed his sincere love for his mother through thrilling scenes and even Gandhi's humble expressions, pronounced by Harilal for forgiveness, found no conclusion in his mind because he was still afraid of the Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> could not stomach the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he had expected and was driven to rebellion while he did not understand the cash handover based on equal merit by his father to his cousin where he saw a missed opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> That must have taken its toll in throwing him off the street like a beggar when whole India celebrated Independence! The life of a poor man that the way the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi himself is shown entails an emotional silence.Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a step back to keep the audience hooked and ask where father of the nation goes wrong? was he smart enough to be mentally strong to lead a one-man army and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show British and rival forces that, when it comes to the interest of the nation, there is nothing in between. Although to read the heart of a mahatma, one must live outside one's family and see what emotionally naive harilal could not live inside .... <br /> <br /> Too bad that such naive harilals still ruin efforts A lot of fathers like Mahatma's in many families of today's life who have engaged in drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message to all these brave soldiers (soldiers) of sainik (please), respect the father of the nation! and happiness must be granted or else it is a disaster waiting, is not it?
