It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to create Gandhi (1982) - he was only telling the story of a great individual who walked on this planet not so long ago. In comparison, it must have been a lot harder for director Feroz Abbas Khan, who made his debut as a filmmaker, to make Gandhi my father, opposing a shrunken anti-hero to an international hero, both historically real, and ironically father and son. . The events of the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as the film shows, setting high moral standards to be followed by the world. Yet, these norms eclipsed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to become a prominent lawyer, like his father, to finish school and find a job in India, providing income to his nuclear family. . <br /> <br /> the film does not demystify Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and cared for him, even though his ideal for dealing with the mass was a clarification for his appeasement. He defended the equality and dignity of all persons and, in his opinion, granting undue advantages to his own son, but neglecting other deserving persons, went against the foundations of his preaching. The film addresses an unusual case of parenthood: an idealistic parent sets out goal posts for less than brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has happened. A son marries his childhood love, upsetting his father. The father upsets his son's educational aspirations at several key moments. The fragile bond between a devoted son and a broken father, because the son wants to take care of himself and take care of his nuclear family. As the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son stumbles on a courageous quest for identity and survival. His marriage breaks down and seeks consolation in religion, between Islam and Hinduism. Despite all her tribulations, her bond with her mother remains, until she reprimands him for his health. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a stage director who enters the cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs. Gandhi which had a considerable impact on the Indian theatrical community. The play and the resulting film are based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and the other by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the staged piece was an obvious reason for the Bollywood commercial actor, Anil Kapoor, to produce this remarkable film. Whenever a good director tries to direct the cinema, it is obvious that he lacks self-confidence. Peter Brook is an excellent theater director but less competent as a director. The first shots of Khan's film promise an excellent cinema: Harilal Gandhi, an abandoned man, is taken to the Sion Hospital in Mumbai, barely mumbling that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), father of an entire nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately has only one beautiful story and some beautiful exterior shots of the father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film, it presents high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in the details (the clothes of most Indians of the film seem dustless and freshly washed, modern hairstyles of actors, and even from the game of Shefali Shetty Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with shaved eyebrows), the scourge of Indian cinema. A character in the theater, Feroz Khan invests much more in the development of characters than in cinematographic details, much like Sir Attenborough, another actor of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> Knowing very well that criticizing Gandhi was a problem, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made the remarkable decision not to put the accessible movie posters in India, fearing that someone might tear up the poster or disrespect it, intentionally or not. <br /> <br /> With his mix of grandeur and flaws, Gandhi, my father asks several questions to the viewer. Is a mother-son bond stronger than a father-son bond in parenting? Is the immediate family less important than humanity in general? Do we seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when material problems are encountered? In this film, Harilal, upset by the trials, goes from one religion to another, while his father quotes scriptures "Do not forgive them because they do not know what they do" when they are beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African policeman, convinced of the value of religion and convincing others too. <br /> <br /> The film won the prize for best actress at the Tokyo International Film Festival, awarded to Shefali Shetty (Shah), as well as an Indian award for criticism. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor dealt with a sensitive subject very well and gave above average performances to all actors. I really hope that the film's international success will pave the way for a director to shoot another brilliant Indian play, Girish Karnad's Tughlaq, one day meeting international standards of quality.
