Gandhi My Father by Feroz Abbas Khan, a film that highlights the fractured relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story as dramatic as the one this film tries to tell, it is unfortunate that the director does not tell it dramatically. Gandhi, my father, is told you like this boring history lesson that has made you sleep at school. Now the film aims to convey a very interesting point: the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be a fair person, ended up being an unfair father. This point is repeated many times in the film, and one of the examples cited is that of scholarship in England, which Gandhi twice denies to his son. Instead of showing us how Harilal handled exactly this betrayal and what happened to him, the director is just following the story, never giving us a glimpse of the growing resentment that Harilal feels towards him. from his father. That's why when we finally see an explosion of Harilal, it seems to react too much. <br /> <br /> What I'm trying to say is that we never really understand why Harilal became the rebel he became. We never really understand why he turned to Islam, then back to Hinduism. The fact is that we never really understand Harilal. And it's because the director of this film is too busy with Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, a story that most of us already know. To put it simply, Gandhi My Father promises to examine the tense father-son relationship, but that does not really show us where the flaws of this relationship lie. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being Gandhi's. son, but show us why it was a burden to start. Show us incidents of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi is content to say that he is opposed to the early marriage of Harilal, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the turn of his son - for constantly shuffling him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, forcing him to move every time Gandhi had to move . Words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi.What is more, instead of sticking to the thorny theme of this tenuous Gandhi relationship against Gandhi, the film runs on too much tangents, thinner thus the impact of the central theme. It was never supposed to be a film about the struggle for independence, and yet, many times, that's exactly what it sounds like, because the director feels almost obligated to present us with all the major events leading at this historical moment, even though many have nothing to do with the basic premise of the film - the father-son stormy relationship. So you see that the problem with this film is not that it's a bad movie, but it's certainly a very confusing film. What happens to the children of Harilal after the death of his wife? Has he ever had any relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after this scene in which we see them with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions can be answered in a film supposedly about relations within the Gandhi family. The film version of an immensely popular play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My father is a disappointment, no question is put to him.Cinematically, he has trouble translating the ambitious intention of the filmmaker to the screen . Virtually every scene in the film opens and closes with fades and fades out, never blending into each other. On the positive side, there is an inherent nobility in the film, which you recognize. The filmmaker makes every effort to deliver a balanced story, striving not to take sides, never judging a father or son, and not painting the bad guy either. However, the film clearly shows that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch, whose ideals may have shaped the nation, but who visibly alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, only Akshaye Khanna really shines in the role of Harilal Gandhi, deprived of luck. It's a wonderful performance, and it's not easy because the role covers almost the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mixture of innocence and discouragement to this part and succeeds in making Harilal a pitiful figure. Just watch him in this scene in which he discovers that his wife is dead and you will realize how much he transmits body language alone. Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes a caricatural approach to Mahatma in his later years, but it is the way he humanizes man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa that is the best contribution of the actor to this role. . Shefali Shah, very gifted in talent, plays Kasturba, the woman who is supposed to be torn in this father-son conflict, but if she is unable to create this feeling of helplessness, then it's really not so much her fault as that a suspicious scenario. . There has been a lot of effort in making this movie, and this is obvious overall, but the film suffers from this inevitable flaw that will eventually remind you of it when you leave the cinema - it's so boring. Gandhi, my director, Feroz Abbas Khan It's a sincere effort yes, but also a film that could have been made with a much tighter scenario. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal made each other very unhappy. And with this film, the director also makes us.
