For a very long time, we've been seeing Gandhi movies. And above all, the light is always on Gandhi's portrayal as a freedom fighter or man with principles. But when I heard that a film about Gandhi as a father was highlighted and that he focused on his relationship with his son, it immediately caught my attention because it is a territory that is the least explored because it has its own dark side and less people. has the courage to stay there. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did it. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi's work in South Africa and his relationship with whites and his wife. The last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a lawyer, but his dream broke when his father (Gandhi) pushed him (or motivated him) to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical studies than in formal education. Harilal also tries to follow in his father's footsteps but fails quickly because his passion for his wife, his children and his own dream of becoming a great success change his career and then begin the repulsion between his father and his father. He eventually defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and leaving him on his own terms. He wrote in India but then began his unsuccessful stories that grew bigger and bigger over time. I leave drive to see the movie to catch more story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has so far provided the best performance of his tenure and is absolutely convincing in his interpretation of Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reaches the room where his wife's corpse is resting is a scene where you can see a good actor hiding / developing in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is as good as MK Gandhi and able to live a larger than life character. He performed well and with great ease. Shefali Chaya (now Shah) in the role of Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proved her metal in soap operas. Bhumika Chawla has also performed well, but the actress of her candidacy is a mess in this kind of role. Other actors also justified their performances. <br /> <br /> The technique and makeup are also good and the cinematography especially as the coloring of the Duo tones was too good. The costume seems to fit the context. <br /> <br /> Overall, an interesting movie to watch, whose progression is slow and impatient will find perhaps boring, but which will give you a glimpse of the region which has not yet been presented to the world. 'screen. . In addition, the way the story progresses and the stage connection may seem worn to some people and to the critics in particular, but for an average moviegoer like me, that's still enough to keep me busy until the end from my seat.
