I was waiting for a movie of superheroes like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic periodontics of comics on TV such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice", as well as cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in each of them: the comical and ironic tone of the cheek; the courage to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of appearing ridiculous; the not-so-sure way that these characters manage to win over their opponents. It is the failed spark of the nobility that ignites between the weak and the ordinary, and it is wonderful to see it shine so high and so brilliant here. <br /> <br /> "The men of mystery" open during a party in a retirement home. I wish Kinka Usher had the sense of giving more energy and life to the seniors on the stage. As things stand, George Romero might have imagined that. We must feel that these older people are as strong as everyone else, or that it seems condescending to us. By the time the Red Eyes stop celebrating the festivities, you almost expect Tom Waits, who plays the role of an arms inventor with a penchant for 80-year-old women, to get up and shout, "Exactly what this party needs - a bit of excitement! " If the writer Neil Cuthbert made sense, he would have asked Waits to mix him with the intruders and encourage the party-goers to do the same. This would have allowed an enthusiastic start and a better introduction of the troublesome trio: the Shoveler (William Macy); the blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seem to come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems among "mysterious men" than those in which I intend to dive; among them, the wicked Casanova Frankenstein must have a sense of absurdity as developed as the rest of the people in this film, and he does not have it. Geoffrey Rush is the bad actor for the role. he must be above all else for the conflict between good and evil to become a galvanic affront. And Rush has never shown any talent for overseas. You're hoping for the thrifty theatrics of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry, easy-going contradiction of a Paul Freeman in "The Adventurers of the Lost Ark". Instead, we get a pastiche; Something half cooked and that has not been fully realized. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas crossing the "Mystery Men" so that anyone can link them perfectly, and this is perhaps his most serious problem. But no matter what kind of mess I want, it's the kind of mess I like. Ben Stiller always seemed to play in the roles he took. This one is no exception, but he goes with such conviction that you come out that he learned something about comedy and grew up in a household run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is tied to all the overly sensitive, chronically defensive types of defense that Woody Allen has made popular. And whether to cheat her way into the affections of the waitress of her favorite place (the elegant Claire Forslani), or to question the wisdom of another superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx ), or to give a new member of their group "elite" (Jeaneane Garofalo in what are perhaps his funniest moments on the screen) a difficult time, it always makes it fun to watch. I can not say as much about it in "There is something about Mary". <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo proves by this performance that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen more fun exchanges between a girl and a father (okay, so he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. And the fun part of this role is that it's a cover-up of Emily Watson's mesmerizing discussions with God in "Breaking the Waves." And in this version, the girl does not die and the bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy is doing something very difficult; it is magnetic solid. You understand right away what drew Lucille from Jenifer Lewis to Eddie. You can also understand his exasperation. The barbeque would be enough to push me to the end, but when Eddie's mixed-breed son looks up at his father and says, "I believe in you, daddy." Lucille sighs and exclaims: "Roland, do not encourage your father", we want to stay up and greet Neil Cuthbert as a first-class spirit. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only highlight in the film so far was his background in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (It's been more than two decades that we have took her in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") as a son and mother who share a penchant for silverware; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as a publicist; Kel Mitchell as "invisible boy"; Paul Reubens as "the spleen;" and Lena Olin who, if she did not have the few lines of this film, seems to visit the set.
