Director Kinka Usher remains true to his motto: "Play it well and they will laugh", and with the help of a superb cast, produced what should become the # 1 cult movie of all time, "Mystery Men. " When a bad villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a psychiatric facility, captures the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over Champion City, three superheroes, M Furious (Ben Stiller). The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein has however been joined by a myriad of samples from the underworld and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed and decides to recruit. what they find is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of "superheroes" in the history of cinema. M. Furieux has his rage; The shovel, his shovel; The Blue Raja throws silverware (mostly forks and an occasional spoon, but never a knife); the invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible until no one looks at us; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a powerful southern hitter, is very mysterious and can break guns with his head. May be; the bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a bullet with deadly accuracy; and the spleen (Paul Reubens) handles flatulence that can invalidate an entire room. It is a brilliant piece of ensemble that makes laughter laugh without ever becoming condescending or condescending the public, while playing it bluntly. The dialogue is spiritual and the performances given by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable and hilarious scenes, especially one in which they organize a pool party and a barbecue to recruit and conduct interviews with a staggering group of candidates; and another, in a bar, when the Bowler talks to his long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in his bowling ball. The funniest of all, however, must be when the team really tries to save the amazing captain. But these are only examples, because the entire film is composed of a hilarious scene after another, imbued with a subtle humor that will make you laugh and think about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, however, is that Usher keeps all this real; the relationships between the characters are true and the very concept of "superheroes" is interpreted as quite reasonable, which gives some credence to the whole process. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Furieux and the rest are valid, and Usher ensures that the laughter does not come without never resorting to gags or mere visual gags. Lead actors include Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja's mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired movie that can be seen over and over again, with new laughter guaranteed at every viewing, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, `We are the number one! All others are number two or less. Is this a movie worthy of an Oscar? Barely; but to have a good time and a lot of laughter, treat yourself to this masterpiece of comedy; it's the real deal, and you will not regret it. I note this one 10/10.
