I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to see him again. Remember, I was twelve, but at that time it was the coolest movie of all time. I even put together extremely rare action figures (I have them all except the Bowler, which is the hardest to find.) They made Mr. Furious, Shoveler, Blue Raja, Spleen and Captain Amazing, in case you're wondering, there's a William H. Macy action figure!). I have watched it many times over the years and it remains one of my favorites, mainly because of childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it certainly deserves another look and perhaps a cult following. <br /> <br /> The story: A group of lower-level superheroes save the day. This was performed again in the mediocre film "The Specials". But it's the other end of the spectrum: big budget (big budget, almost 100 million dollars, I think) studio comedy. Yes, the effects are exaggerated and the enormous scenery and the magnificent conception of the production take a little too much account of the plot. But do not think it's a stupid movie, with special effects and superheroes, it's a PARODY. They fight a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein. He has a psychofrakulator, no matter what it is (it's an apocalyptic device, it will invade the world, yada yada.) And the resident superhero Captain Amazing (a Greg Kinnear of Zapp Brannigan-esque, with logos commercial products on his suit, beautiful touch) is kidnapped. The time of the mystery The men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, gets angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, beats the people with the shovel), The blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws forks), The Melon (Janeane Garafolo, bowls), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), The Spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and the Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the guns in half with his mind , I am not joking). The rest of the fantastic cast of actors includes Geoffrey Rush in Cassanova, Lena Olin and the bride, as well as the one and only Tom Waits as a weapons dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! It's not perfect though. It's too long and there are some corniness here and there (the Shoveller is full). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely wins over the physical comedy, which is sometimes missing (there is a guy who seeks his power, case closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclical recessions of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of M. Furieux, etc. It's just a funny movie (it will almost make you forget that it's the movie that left Smashmouth's "All Star" in the world.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the movie did not as well behaved with criticism and the public. A sequel was originally planned (the film is actually based on a comic strip and characters from the comic book "The Flaming Carrot." The Flaming Carrot was scheduled for the sequel, I believe), but it did not work well at the box office. It could have been a difficult sell, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There's something about Mary". It could also be the fact that it was released the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which ended up being the biggest success of the month of August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Strangely, two other misunderstood classics were released on the same weekend, namely "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". The critics gave passable criticism to MM, but they were quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, in Comedy Central's The Roast of Jerry Stiller, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller: "I saw" Mystery Men "and fired MY agent." We then see Ben pronounce the words: "I should do it". Do not listen to him. Give Mystery Men a chance.
