When I started watching them, it became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very funny and talented, as are the aunts and other characters and the star of the Salem the Cat series, he was extremely funny. In my opinion, the first seasons were the best when Sabrina was a teenager in high school and adapted to everyday life. they were the funniest, the most entertaining and the most ... good. I'm not a fan of when they started presenting Brad and Dreamer because I liked Valerie, but they agreed, the problem was that they were there for only one season. if you have new people, at least keep them. I did not like Josh, he preferred Harvey, but he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! it would have been great if you quarreled during those seven years. and Mr. craft too, if he and Zelda had married, it would have been gold! Sabrina then leaves her aunt's house to go to Roxie / Miles / Morgan. I did not like these people either, it did not really seem like they loved Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to lose her charm and her stuff and aunts seem to be avoided from her life and end up in their own stupid stories. I kind of stopped watching for a while and the old re-runs were back and I was like whoo-hoo! LOL. I must say that the last seasons have been absolutely terrible. They got rid of aunts who feared because they were part of the show. then, suddenly, she lets these two independents move into the beautiful house when they treated it like dirt. And now, she works in a magazine magazine, so she has many stars invited to the series. If they are found in all episodes, it would ruin everything. the program really went downhill and lost its luster. I saw the last episode. there were aunts (Zelda was reduced to a candle) and she is about to get married but she runs away with Harvey at the end. I would have liked to know what happened after. Well that's my opinion and the only thing I can say is that the only thing that has remained is seductive oneself through the seven years was Salem the cat.
