You know that the people in the movie want it when king-sized hail falls from a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather remains pretty bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only Chamberlain's lawyer has the answer. If I understand correctly, he is too European rationalist to come into contact with this inner being which is only revealed by the dream. <br /> <br /> A dark and weighty mystery weighs on the metaphysics of director-writer Peter Weir. He had already proved his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). Here, it is the mysterious world of Australian Aborigines that faces the tightly-ordered world of predominant whites. Something strange is happening in the aboriginal community when they kill one of them for no apparent reason. Chamberlain, Yuppie's lawyer, is supposed to defend them in the court of a white man. But the more he gets interested in things, the more mysterious things become, and the more anxious old native man gets interested in him. And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at strange times. <br /> <br /> A well-structured scenario deepens the interest. One of the reasons the film works is the background normality of Chamberlain's wife and little girls. Audiences can easily identify with them. And when their small world comes up against forces beyond the usual framework, normality begins to distort and we feel that worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain has always underestimated, especially during the underground discovery tour, where I think he should have shown growing awareness. After all, it is the collection of the mask that holds the key (I think) of the enigma, but its reaction does not really record the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion of reverse nature now has a certain resonance, thirty years later. In the film, the notion is wrapped in many entertaining hocus-pocuses, but the subject itself remains revealing. One way to bring out a central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A big white SUV passes in front of an indigenous family, leaving them in the historical dust. The land looks like an internal tribal reserve of no particular importance for the coastal islets where the industry lives. But it is also a region that is most likely to survive, unlike the last destructive wave. Maybe you have to think about the past and the future. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's a very good movie that will probably stay with you.
