Spoilers I loved the last episodes of college, but I wish I could get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last I could get is the first university season. Yet, adolescence was sweet; Although they have been very much focused on magic, they have also made it a character that teens could understand, mixing with teenage troubles and children of divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not meddle with the morbid problems of adolescence such as sex and drugs, but they feared to integrate. I loved watching her grow up and coping with her magic alone and trying to convince her aunt to let her leave the nest. The older episodes were cute, but it was so much better to see her (well, not really a teenage witch), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In previous episodes, aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a girl in some ways, but not in all respects. I mean they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean let her learn from her own mistakes for once! That's what I liked in college episodes. she was able to learn from her own mistakes without being anchored in everything; it was annoying. Do not ask Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I enjoyed the last episode where she ran away from Harvey's wedding, but as someone said, it would have been nice to see what happened next. I mean, I think it was obvious that they were getting married; Where would they be running away in her wedding dress? But I would have liked to see him. I guess they wanted to leave the viewer the choice of the end rather than spooning it as most comedies do. Someone said that they could show them to get married and go to school at home, but they have already graduated from university. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a beautiful apartment that we only see in the end, but they never say what he does. As a child, they always say that he does not want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrian moved into the house that season, they never really explained how it happened. In fact, there are a lot of things that the show does not explain, but I assumed it's supposed to be leaving it and leaving it a mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends move into the house, they show Hilda that she is getting married and all that spell that Zelda turns into a child. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda is in another form, but Beth is not on the episode) but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened, as if they had children ? Maybe they did not want to do too much in an episode. I also loved Hart's sister who played his spoiled cousin! She was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! I think it's been six years since the series stopped running! I still like reruns! Also, I do not know if anyone noticed, but in previous episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (an invented city, which was to be close to Salem), but they did not mention the name of the city called Westbridge, and I think they call it Boston, unless it is precisely where she worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina" where she learns the importance of the rules, to be insulting. She was 18 and was too old to be grounded. I would have been insulted if my parents had founded me at 18. And I think that if an 18-year-old girl risks ruining her behavior, she must learn the consequences herself. I think at 18, they know that the rules are important.
