I have this movie on DVD and have already watched it thirty times. I really have to like that, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer earlier in my life and I loved this sport. To this day, I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants has a lot of that, and so I'm a sucker for the thing. But I certainly have bones to pick up. (Peralta, are you listening?) <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in it. The cutting and editing of the waves are such that the majority of them are somehow ruined. Very, very few waves are shown from beginning to end. Peralta seems addicted to a hyper kinetic and rhythmic method. This becomes particularly serious in the central part of the Mavericks spot in northern California. Not a single wave has gone up from beginning to end. Almost the whole section of Mavericks (one-third of the film) is a shocking montage of clips whose soundtrack is also shocking. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to get with Mavericks because the place is a really scary mix of waves that crush the waves in a frigid ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are actually mounted, even with excellent performance. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks it's a great sport (and I'm sure he does), why is he insisting so much on tackling it? Sometimes editing reduces the film to the unfathomable. There is a quick clip in the Peahi section in Hawaii, which I still do not understand. Even though I'm running it in slow motion on a DVD, the image is too fast to be decipherable. There must be a few frames at most. <br /> <br /> Second, did the guys who created this game know what to say? It is particularly infuriating to watch the director's version commented on DVD. These guys sound like two girls from the over-the-top valley. The same feeling manifests itself in the main production. Everything is still "amazing", etc. One character in particular is simply odious - Sam George, Editor-in-Chief of Surfer Magazine, who practically pisses in his pants every time he has something to say. He is a super drag in the movie. <br /> <br /> There has been a lot of effort in this film. I mean, just to get the old movies they have, as well as all the interviews. The film is a beautiful story, and I think it's usually a captivating entertainment. Thematically, it is well presented, the three parts being respectively centered on Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. Some uses of still photography are phenomenal. In the narrative of the filmmakers, they say it's a new kind of 3D technology and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He reached the pinnacle of his sport in a way that I only saw Michael Jordan doing in basketball. And also, the story of his meeting with his father is a jewel. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been a lot more. The very last part of the film, when the credits arrive, gives an idea of ​​what it could have been. There are beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a beautiful soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is nil, but you can love it if you're a fan of the modern and frantic rock school.) Anyway, here are my two cents ...
