I remember seeing it when it was released in a theater in Palo Alto, without much anticipation. I mean - an Australian movie? But finally, it happened to me. Here is a scene. Richard Chamberlain sits cross-legged on the floor of a shabby Sidney apartment facing an Australian aboriginal elder named Charlie. <br /> <br /> Chamberlain: "You were in front of my house last night, you scared my wife, who are you?" And Charlie, at a deliberate rate, replies, "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? "It's a breathtaking scene, filmed in close-up, with Chamberlain's pretty pale face filling the screen, unlike Charlie's black face, big, bearded nose, and the two guys could not be more different and different. This film tells how Chamberlain accidentally fell from his ordinary lawyer's existence into the inexplicable, almost inexpressible mysteries of Charlie's world. <br /> <br /> I do not think I'll talk much about the plot. is a sort of apocalyptic tale, but I must say that anyone who has done research on Australian aboriginal belief systems should get an A plus They have everything here, from the bone point of view to the dream time, a sort of parallel universe in which dreams are real.It is an extremely spooky film without musical stings or splendid special effects.Charly's universe simply begins to interfere with dreams of life. e Chamberlain, for reasons that are never clearly explained. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, that's it. Nothing is ever completely clear. Chamberlain, who seems to have extraordinary relations with the aborigines, dies in the last wave? Are the aborigines? Does the whole Sidney? The basic premise is a bit difficult to accept too, although it is a fantasy. The aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that the Americans give to the Amerindians, whereas the mythology is a mythology and that it is more complex or more satisfying - more elegant and more beautiful, if you like - the mythology remains to try to transcend an ordinary physical existence, demanding and sometimes disappointing. The mysticism of Charlie is more convincing than the miracles of Moses in Cecil B. DeMille's "The Ten Commandments", but they are brothers under the skin. <br /> <br /> But I do not care about that. Taken like a film, this one is very good and it is particularly important to mark the celebrity of the director Peter Weir and the Australian film industry. It was the first of a great wave of antipodean films, some raucous, like "Mad Max", and other subtle and dramatic, like "Lantana". I like Weir's stuff, which resembles Nicholas Roeg's in that they are pregnant with a subliminal fear. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a really chilling movie without a drop of blood.
