Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that plunges into the world of one of the most underrated sports and brings out a very human and raw emotion that only the director Stacy Peralta could capture. Everything from the structure to the players, to the beautiful archival footage, to the style in which it was filmed, only enhanced the beauty and power of surfing. Of all the surf movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid), it was the most consistent and the most relevant. From the start of surfing (a short history lesson) to the famous Laird hike, Riding Giants goes further in the spirit, heart and soul of the sport than any of these other documentaries. How does he do that? By telling us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or jig wave to wave. <br /> <br /> For starters, this movie was structurally sound. In the other films I saw on surfing, you sometimes find yourself going from one person to another, from one wave to another, from one event to another, without knowing why. who? In Riding Giants, we have a very small group of veterans and beginners. This allows you to really go further in everyone's mind. In addition, instead of just waves, we get more personal history and personal perspectives than ever before. That's what really attracted me to this film. I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it's a big wave movie), we're listening to stories and seeing first-hand what these surfers had to overcome to reach those waves. I loved the information about "beach burners" or the father of surfing. I am always impressed by the incredible stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in the deep blue and hard. Then seeing him in person, talking about what was happening in his head, only added more fuel to the fire. The simple structure followed by Peralta allowed me to follow and leave with more knowledge of the sport than any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be amazed by what these good people have achieved and by the direction that the sport takes. <br /> <br /> Add to an immaculate structure an intense and creative cinematography. have damn perfect movie. Using the techniques I saw for the last time in Kids' Stays in the picture, Riding Giants creates scenes that almost seem like jumping off the screen. Although it's not 3D, it's the sense of flatness you get when you place two images on top of each other. In this movie, it worked. It gave the scenes more depth and really added not only to the shock value (these waves were huge), but also to the danger these guys were constantly facing. If it breaks differently or if they do not work well, these waves would kill them. Some died, but that did not stop the sport. It only created more enthusiasm and more passion to do better. It is this love of the ocean and sport that brings me to my last point. <br /> <br /> The human element. So many of my previous adventures in the world of surfing documentary have left me some nice waves, but very little about people. The movies knew that people were watching the waves, so it went from wave to wave and maybe even a short second about the person. This film was the opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece by still giving us the waves, but paying much more attention to surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What rushes into their minds, what drives them to go further, and the bonds that bind themselves while they're out there in the wild blue. After watching this film, I felt that I knew more about big wave surfing, but also about the emotional side of the sport. It is a less developed element than in other films and has pushed Riding Giants to a whole new personal level. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film was brilliant. I have never witnessed so much passion, devotion and love wrapped in a structurally sound movie. From beginning to end, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film wins the Oscar for Best Documentary this year and sees a new renaissance in the world of surfing and opens more doors to films of this nature. <br /> <br /> Note: *** ** out of *****
