"Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)" opens, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney engraved on the sidewalk, as dirty water runs between the bars of a sewer grate. The sidewalk represents respectability, integrity and morality ?? only crooks and delinquents walk in the gutter. But even the most honorable men sometimes tend to err, and when the sidewalk ends abruptly, it is sometimes impossible to avoid getting wet. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father being a professional criminal, and spent his entire life wading his way down the sidewalk in perpetual balance by the sidewalk. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to demonstrate the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he has a strong will that he can not escape. When his deadly temperament suggests killing a murder suspect, Dixon is becoming the very father he despised, a cheap criminal who cheats and lies to cover up his crime. <br /> <br /> "Where the Sidewalk Ends" was the only film to unite Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the superb 'Laura (1944)', although both films, as far as black, can not be further from each other. While the previous photo had the strong intimacy of a murder tale in a country house, this film is more conventional than an urban policeman drama. Given her memorable portrayal of the role of Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney is here largely underused, occupying the typical niche of pretty, defenseless romantic interest (pretty much what she did the same year in The Night and the city (1950) of Jules Dassin}. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been so good, showing endurance and anger that I did not expect him. Gary Merrill is pretty smiling as Scalise's crime leader, but he does not seem bad enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo (1955)" would have better adapted to the character I did not understand, but Conte appeared a year earlier in "Whirlpool (1949)" of Preminger. <br /> <br /> The tension, while Dixon tries to hide his Accidental crime, is absolutely captivating - certainly among the most moving sequences of his time - although I feel that the situation has not yet been fully exploited.The taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identify Dixon as the author, but Preminger hovers over the moment he passes Dixon down the stairs, and if the witness had been brought in while Dixon reproduced his own movements in front of the entrance to the apartment, we could have to have a real fire And why, moreover, could not the testimony of the cab driver immediately clear Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) of any suspicion of murder? Such negative inconsistencies like this tarnish an excellent scenario by Ben Hecht, who infuses his infernal criminal world with hard-hitting cops and stupid criminals. Andrews' implosive and shocking police, tormented by rage and remorse, were rarely better done, at least Robert Ryan's equal in Nicholas Ray's On Dangerous Ground (1952).
