New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a man who has to deal with his own demons everyday while facing the ups and downs of everyday life. The tension generated by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals leads him to make serious mistakes in judgment and to fail to recognize the need to respect a code of conduct when dealing with people on the wrong side of the street. the law. . He is used to treating known suspects and criminals with extreme brutality, which has led him into conflict with his superiors, who have censured him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. Dixon can not reconcile these appeals to restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and that the need to defeat his father's reputation and not meet the inordinate expectations that many people have of him has been left behind. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texan is murdered after a gang-game party led by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), senior officer of Dixon, that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and interrogates the suspect who is both intoxicated and uncooperative. When Paine hits him, Dixon takes revenge and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is interrogated and, after describing what happened at Scalise's, adds that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to challenge the fact that she had gone home. with bruises on the face. Paine had already attacked her several times and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened to hit him if it happened again. This information leads to Taylor's arrest and his murder charge. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed the Texan and then Paine to eliminate him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to condemn Scalise but finally realizes that this is the only way to succeed. his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine's death and in hiding. He does this and also notes that he will face Scalise alone so that the police can stop the gangster for the murder of Dixon. The confrontation with Scalise and the possible means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption provide a tense and appropriate conclusion to this brutal thriller. anxiety as he treats a series of misfortunes that include and follow the accidental death of Paine. Dixon, however, is not the only one to suffer the misfortune as Morgan, a successful model loses his job because of all the problems that surround him. His father, who had graduated for helping the police a few years earlier, is unfairly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who was a war hero, had experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem, which had led to alcoholism and violence against his wife. /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is an exciting story featuring a group of interesting and varied characters and a main character who embodies in an absolute way the moral ambiguity.
