Otto Preminger's grandiose, visionary film noir lies in the fact that he has ambiguous intentions, betraying the dark essence of the central character, who is always annoyed at living in the shadow of his criminal father. The vindictive and motivated cop of Dana Andrews is portrayed as a foreigner, irrational and destructive, who may be able to change because he may have found a good woman to take care of him. The troubled man claims himself with his own tangled sense of straightness. The harsh atmosphere that constantly reigns in screenwriter Ben Hecht's scenario resonates continuously in Andrews' trend performance, while Preminger imbues the film with a particularly prosaic style substance. We do not just see and hear the city at night; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character that unfolds through his nets of violence and the hatred that still plagues him. As the plot develops, it is secretly entangled in situational traps, but it is renewed by external acts that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the black-black protagonist before executing them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a The specific phase of the development of the genre is a captivating, wild and shady film noir that takes place in the climate of double game of the underworld, where the hero is so foreign that he is always swollen with rage, and even if he loses his temper. rational resistance, professional principle and ethical limits, he remains a good cop. Preminger simply blinks to tell a drama of social consciousness about a corrupt community within the vast cityscape, leaving the thriller on Andrews' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications on a man with Oedipal fixation who is disconnecting-diminishing the influences of the law on his side and unfailing perception of good and evil. <br /> <br /> In the early 1950s, the production companies looked at the social problem and instead decided on "low-risk thrillers" such as this one, apparently in an attempt to escape the connions of conservative critics and occupied social bodies. Preminger's inimitable approach, however, is factionalism and expressionism. He infuses each scene with a sense of daily drama as a backdrop for the plot. Each secondary character has to do his or her job doing something interesting, but none of them is a depressing cartoon or comic relief. For him, every character sees himself as the star, as Karl Malden rightly claimed as a missionary police inspector and veteran waitress at the lunch counter. These are the stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, both anxious about their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity - who do not want to be.
