I am a big fan of film noir and this film by Otto Preminger is one of the best I've seen! Preminger has brought together two of her hit stars "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a totally different kind of crime movie. Laura was based on love and this film is based on hate; as we watch police detective Mark Dixon, a copper who is already under scrutiny from his superiors because of his heavy tactics, accidentally kills a suspect and attempts to assign the murder on a known criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked and Preminger perfectly balances several points of intrigue; but all this comes down to the main moral implication that surrounds our main character. The fact that the film takes place in criminal secrecy means that the plot is an excellent working base. Director Otto Preminger brilliantly captures the shady side of life by showing the main characters playing, hitting each other (and their wives). , filming and more - and this also helps to compensate for the film of the previous movie "Laura", which was taking place in high society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character who is hard to love because he is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives gives him great sympathy, which allows the public to become familiar with his fate. The development of the character is well planned and, as we have followed, this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense in the end. Her partner is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who does not have as much to do in this film as she was in Laura; a film that made Tierney his pivot. She does well with what she has, however, and the chemistry of the main duo is excellent and Tierney helps complete each scene in which she finds herself. I can not say it's a better movie than Laura earlier. It is a difficult act to follow, but this film certainly fits better in the formula of the film noir than Preminger's previous film. The film is also a good piece of comparison for Laura; like almost everything in this film is opposed to the 1944 film, yet all this is strangely familiar. Highly recommended to all!
