At first glance, it would seem natural to compare Where the Sidewalk Ends with Laura. Both have black qualities, were led by Otto Preminger, and both stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most of the comparisons end. Laura has been dealing with chic, sophisticated and resourceful people who find themselves involved in murder. Where the sidewalk ends is located in a completely different stratum. These are people who have barely two coins to rub and who are more accustomed to seeing the bottom of society than going to disguised parties. Where the sidewalk ends is a rocky movie filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or another weapon. The little stories are tens of dollars and the police systematically beat the confessions of crooks. Being caught in an investigation into a murder seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I did not see all his work, from what I saw, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances: the cop shot, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He's the kind of cop who's used to drafting premises if it gives him information or a confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to hide it. But things get complicated when he falls in love with the deceased's wife, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father is close to his heart, Dixon must do everything in his power to clean up the old man without getting involved. <br /> <br /> Technically, Where the sidewalk ends is remarkable. In addition to the great performance of Andrews, the film features the always charming Tierney. It has a quality that can make even the darkest moments brighter. The rest of the cast is as strong with Tom Tully as the father is wrongly accused of being noticed. Beyond the acting, the direction, the sets, the lighting and the cinematography are excellent. Overall, it's an incredibly well done movie. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint to make (and it's a very minor thunder), it's that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its environment. It is a bit difficult to believe that a woman like this can be mixed up with some of these unsavory characters. It's not really his fault, it's just the way Tierney looks. She seems a little too beautiful, polite and delicate for the role. But, his gentle, kind and confident nature adds to his portrait the necessary realism.
