In Where the Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger unites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, certainly hoping to rediscover the magic of his Laura. But these are very different films, taking place in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the black universe). A fine haze of Gothic hangs over Laura's Manhattan chic, with her erotic obsession and necrophilia scent; Where The Sidewalk Ends is sooty urban soot and dust that defiles a town of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it's a film just as perfect as its revered predecessor, and tinted in the black -wool (Laura, on the other hand, is one of the 1944 films that the first French film called " black "was still a mystery of sophisticated murder). The light of day comes only in a very temporary suffering, and the director of photography, Joseph LaShelle, makes the most of alleys and brownstones, the quays and the El. It is the quintessence of the big city - in particular of the Big Apple - black, like many others of the outstanding crop of 1950, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> At the time of the launch of the film, police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal manners, especially his sale to Gary Merrill (which we learn was created in business by the father of Andrews). When an uncommon player is stabbed to death during a Merrill-driven floating shit party, Andrews, the hair trigger, brutalizes a witness, causing him a fatal crack in the skull (exacerbated by an implanted steel plate). in the veteran's head). Realizing that his work is already in play, Andrews throws the corpse into the river after making him believe that the suspect had taken a powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's far from over. The corpse is discovered, his ex-wife turns out to be Tierney and all the evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who not only wandered the same streets the night of the murder, but have good reason to want the death of his violent son-in-law. But the embittered loner Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his best nature; he tries to exonerate his father while keeping secret his own involvement in this sordid enterprise .... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the screenplay of Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows his Andrew said to Andrews: "Look at yourself, you are all stuck like a fag in a barrel". <br /> <br /> But while Laura passed her attention over half Twelve characters, here Andrews is anything but the only goal (even the role of Tierney is much less central than her semi-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never have excelled here. His lips are tight and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face silently records the anguish to which his obstinacy has led him. He is a repressed patient who can only be released through the safety valve of violence (he even attacks his loyal partner, Bert Freed). Certainly, he finds a way too fast to redemption through his beautiful co-star. But it was the style of the time, and a smooth end hardly harms this history of violence, corruption and urban entanglements in New York.
