We are far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger conducts, Dana Andrews plays the role of police detective, Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else in WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS resembles the sophisticated mystery of murder everyone's favorite sophisticated. Instead of deliciously interacting with quotes, we get a cruel and heartbreaking realism. While the previous film was played in high-ranking New York society, here we are in the low-rent neighborhood of dark streets, thugs, cheap restaurants and lousy apartments. Tierney, gorgeous as always, now works as a model in a department store and lives in Washington Heights (the "doll" district that once got a LAURA Mark McPherson fox fur). This time, Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder and more troubled version of the cool trenchcoat cop. <br /> <br /> O THE SIDEWALK ENDS is part of a sub-genre of the black, films about police brutality focusing on cops who can not control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his contempt for crooks to his father's criminal record. Where Douglas is self-sufficient and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is overwhelmed with repressed guilt and self-loathing. He accidentally kills a suspect and conceals his actions by trying to cast suspicions on a sticky gangster (Gary Merrill) he has been chasing for years. Rather, a good taxi driver is suspected because he is the father of the woman's separated and abused wife, Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, falling in love with the woman of the man he killed, tries desperately to save his father without giving himself. <br /> <br /> Among the black protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was unable to appear unintelligent. Even when he plays an average Joe, as he usually does, he always seems exceptionally sensitive and insightful. More than that, his thoughtful air for his own comfort gives him that haunted - and haunting - quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic underlying of too much seeing and knowing. His conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, the inability to "lighten up". No other actor would have been able to express as well the bottled anger, the pain that burned slowly, Mark Dixon's anxious intelligence. He also has a stifled tenderness, a stifled heat and even an ironic humor that makes him heartbreaking. This happens when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is a regular, and for the first time, we see this cold and brutal man exchange insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can not hide his affection and concern for him . When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he provides it even though they are arguing recently and Dixon is punching him. There are no words about loyalty or knowing he's a good guy at heart, but we see everything in the man's anguished silence and the resignation of his wife as she delivers jewels to a pawn. Dixon's goodness is reflected in the reactions of others as much as in Andrews' staggering performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews is a minor star, he is perhaps the man of the forties par excellence. He goes through films that almost never remove his coat; with that scathing silhouette of the middle of the century, reinforced by the fedora, the glass of bourbon, the cigarette that does not come out of the mouth when he speaks, he looks trapped in the male ideal of hardness and impassivity. While many blacks romanticize the hard-haired, WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers a flawless portrait of the reality behind the facade, a striking and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews was sadly underrated at his time (he was the only one of the three protagonists who was not nominated for an Academy Award in The Best Years of Our Our Life), although his This discrete performance is much more convincing than Fred Drunk, an Oscar-winning drunk by Frederic March. Fortunately, Andrews has appeared in some movies that have ensured his immortality, and now, this little known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the wonderful scenery of Fox Black Movie. This series, including a number of previously unreleased tracks (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox could have had the best record of any major film noir studio.
