George Cukor directs this high-quality suspense story into the theatrical world with his usual, sensitive but firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, is still valid despite a few moments of overwork ?? it is hard to forget his haunted face as he struts around the social functions aimlessly and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting sub-texts and Cukor does an excellent job of explaining them without forcing too much. The scenario of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant. He mixes the rarefied theatrical world with the sleazy world of the streets and exhaustively uses elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to the main theme of the film, the jealousy and obsession with identity of the character of Colman. . <br /> <br /> Several interesting things about this movie ?? superficially, one could deny it as a too casual treatment of the daily problems of the actors. In other words, if the art of gambling required such a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have a wave of psycho-Methodist actors tracking down the streets. But I do not really think that the main concern of this story is to act or the craft / art of acting as such. I think Anthony's struggles represent a broader existential question, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. I think there is a key in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never have been or could have become a good actor without his inspiration. And at another time, he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I do not really know what to think about it, but it seems important to me, especially because it's her obsession with her and her jealousy that pushes her to go beyond. The implication may be that Anthony has put herself in danger by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage involves a "union of the soul" in traditional design. It is unusual for male and female protagonists to be divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not quite unprecedented (Hawks comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among others), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially since they do not end to solve their love separation. In a way, the film might imply that jealousy is another form of self-love.
