Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years playing a wide range of roles, he does not remember who exactly he is - who his roles are and who is the self. And, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his game even in normal everyday life. Thus, since he currently plays in "Othello", he starts to be jealous and suspicious, just like the main character. In the end, it leads to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this film years ago and I liked it. I just saw him again and worship him. Part of my enthusiasm may be that I've always loved Ronald Colman and it's a great triumph for him - and for which he won the Oscar for Best Actor. And, looking at the competition that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a great choice because its usual comfort zone and played a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now, I noticed that a reviewer hated this movie because they hated Shakespeare - and that took about half of their criticism when they talked about their aversion to him. However, this movie does not really concern Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I'm amazed by the small parts of the play that Colman reproduced - but, as I said, it's NOT really a film about Shakespeare. Instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor who is losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. It could have been ANY piece, even if "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - which will be played for real later in the film. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very intelligent movie due to a beautiful screenplay - with some shades of Black Film. Fortunately, the acting was also fantastic, Colman enjoying excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (particularly talented - he played his role to perfection). And, since the brilliant George Cukor was realizing, it's no wonder it's a beautiful movie from start to finish.
