A DOUBLE LIFE has created a mystique among moviegoers for two reasons: the idea of ​​intrigue of an actor so caught in a role (here, by Othello) that he takes the big flaw of this character and puts it in his life; and that is the film that earned Ronald Colman the Oscar (as well as the Golden Globe) as best actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman the most important role, or even the most characteristic of all? I have doubts at either level - but it's among his best-known roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman has played honest gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleaned up in Goldwyn's production for not being an arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, the great cricketer and even more burglar, trying to achieve his best burglary to save a friend's honor. This is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and brought to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. This is Dick Heldar, dying after learning that his masterpiece had been destroyed and knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is unconsciously mean - he kills one person and kills almost two others. It does not matter if he is visibly mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman should have won the Oscar of Heldar, or Carton, or Conway - all more typical of his acting. roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of selecting atypical roles for the attribution of its treasure to its leading members. Anthony John of Colman is a very good performance, and at one point, really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso at her house, she is at the top of a staircase and he at the base, they argue. She asks Tony to leave saying that she will not see him. He looks at her, his face hardens strangely in a way he's never used before, and he says, "Oh, no, you will not do it!" He starts to climb, scary Hasso, and she rushes to her room. He stops and leaves. This is actually the culmination of his performance - even more than his aggression of Hasso on stage, Edmond O'Brien or his assassination of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind fury. For this moment it was (for me) a performance worthy of the Oscars. But it's only this moment. I'm glad he was recognized for his role, but he should have received the award for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His current performance in Othello's Shakespearean role is not great, but bearable. Too often, he lets the dialogue come out of his tongue in some kind of forced singing style (one wonders if this was due to Walter Hampden's coaching, who probably knew how to handle the role correctly, or how to react to it) . Nowadays, "Othello" is played more frequently by an African-American actor than by a white actor. The brilliant performance of Paul Robeson in this role has firmly anchored this new tradition. But the three best-known film shows in this part are Colman's Orson Welles in his film OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his theatrical production film OTHELLO. The three white actors played the role in the black face. My favorite of the three is Welles, who seems the most subtle. Even watching Welles' film version, I'm sorry that Robeson was never able to record his performance (with Jose Ferrer in Iago). <br /> <br /> Now, the first question: can an actor finish with all this? a role? I heard different things about it. Some actors admitted to having a role at home with a theater or movie set. Others have found a role that they must stimulate by influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their life or aspect of life. But in reality, I have never heard of anyone who became a homicide after a role. It seems like a melodramatic and worn out idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, a movie "B", THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar plot about an actor who plays the role of "Jack the Ripper" and who begins to commit this type of murder after that an accident affects his mind. . There was an older movie in the 1930s, in which an actor playing Othello was jealous of his wife (I think the title was MEN are not gods, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career and Cukor's leadership, people think of DOUBLE LIFE when they remember this idea of ​​conspiracy. He even got to comedy (finally) in an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers is helping a former convict who may have an acting talent, and they put OTHELLO at the bar, right after he saw her with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the ex-convict's personality problem and can not delay production for long enough (she tries to start a discussion about the play's history and symbolism). <br /> <br /> The casting of A DOUBLE LIFE was first rate and Cukor's direction was as safe as ever. So, the movie is definitely worth seeing. But despite giving Colman an interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
