This two-part television mini-series is not as good as the 1966 original, but it's solid. The original benefited from a lot of things - everything was in black and white, he had an excellent jazz score and he was filmed in real places, including the home of the condemned Clutter family. It was important because in the book and in the original film, the house is a character in its own right. <br /> <br /> This remake was shot in Canada, which I suppose is also acceptable to Kansas. The story strives to be as friendly as his heart for Perry and Eric Roberts plays it somehow a little pervert, his barely hidden homosexuality. Roberts' softer grip does not quite work out at the end though because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would finally explode into a spasm of murder. While Robert Blake approaches Smith, this leaves you in no doubt that his character Perry Smith was extremely dangerous. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent in the role of Dick Hickcock, his face bulging, his mouth wide and finally loose. His performance compares very well with the role played by Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> As this is a longer film, it leaves more time to develop the Clutter family and, in this respect, I think the 1996 film has an advantage. Clutters are just an outstanding and decent family. They have never hurt another soul and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family would be massacred in such a horrible way. I am always amazed by the fact that after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not force the window out of the window so that at least her children would have the opportunity to escape. This film has the thought comes to mind, but too late. From what I read about the real house, which is still standing, the bathroom configuration could have opened the drawers and effectively barricaded the door, which would have forced the killers to make their way. But it could 'We saved time for some Clutters to escape. Why Clutters have not tried this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this film takes a lot of liberties as to how the crime is committed but not too serious. Nevertheless, it distracts viewers like me who have read a lot about the case. The actors who play the cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are consistently excellent, much better, I think, as a group, compared to the actors in the original film. They know that to be able to pass the noose around their neck, they must make them confess. And the officers arrive at the interview impeccably prepared. They had already discovered the probable alibi, the false story of going to Fort Scott, and had discussed every remark. The officers then let Smith & Hickcock get into their trap. Hickcock is a b.s. an artist who thinks he can convince anyone and the officers respectfully let him tell his story. But when they lower it, it breaks very quickly. It's very well filmed and played and very rewarding to watch because the viewer should naturally hate Hickcock in particular, a loose crook who needs Smith easily manipulated to make his kill for him. Supposedly Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from Clutters but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared by this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors who play the Clutter are very good, Kevin Tighe in the role of Herb Clutter in particular. The story is sensitive to Mrs. Clutter's emotional issues, including clinical depression, and Ms. Clutter shows remarkable inner strength when she firmly and firmly asks the killers to leave her daughter alone. From what I read, the surviving family of Clutters was particularly troubled by the way Bonnie Clutter was described in the book, claiming that it was totally false. In passing, the two killers told the police that Mr. Clutter had asked them not to disturb his wife because of his long illness. Capote could invent this fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but the killers certainly had no reason to falsely represent Mrs. Clutter and much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is quite apart confessions recorded from The Killers. It would have been absurd, therefore, for Herb to have said this without it being true.
