Like others, I have seen and studied most of the "Clutter Killings" books and films, including some thematically thematic dramas about the actions and psycho-mythology of crime participants, including Capote himself. even. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for deliberately concealing Perry Smith's confession, intimacy, and writings, even on defense counsel. I believe that the facts and facts that Capote "reserved" for his "book", which required two convictions and capital punishment at Capote, would almost certainly have allowed Perry Smith to defend himself against the madness successfully even under the old McNaughton rule. Capote himself could never write another major literary work after "In Cold Blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he voluntarily encouraged and planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the dramatic end he demanded for his book / theater. For him, the two men had to die for his book to succeed. The book had to justify itself by claiming that it was the horror of capital punishment. His actions and silence ensured this icy conclusion. <br /> <br /> Capote's book is not the truth. It is neither factual nor journalistic. It is a drama and melodrama spiced with its own creative and psychotic imagination. What most people see as the virtues of the first contemporary film are clear images of Capote's spirit, which may have been the most cool-hearted aspect of all. No wonder the viewers ironically prefer Blake's performance. This actor IS the nightmare of Capote's dishonest imagination. <br /> <br /> So who can say how the two killers should be played? Who is able to judge what could lead to an essentially poetic psychotic slap by excessive courtesy and kindness in order to "kill" now? I agree with the few who see Eric Roberts' work as a magnificent, Shakespearean performance in their lineup while playing with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards adopts a much safer "attitude mode" to create a smart Hickok; but it is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in its television lineup. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and anguish to a powerful animal body, a Frankenstein creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold about Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is desperately in love with an evil man. Without Hickok or a man of his peculiarities, Perry Smith would not have trained his psychotic mind in a world of horrors. He fears himself more than anything he is afraid of living in life. <br /> <br /> Since Capote is released from the clutches of death by Capote on the conscience of the Clutter murders, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses for and new production of the drama. The same facts, some of the same criminal record lines, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic psychotic stress - indeed, Roberts is so good at this fluidic madness that he physically and physically demonstrates at every moment the lack of consciousness which he has where or who he is. <br /> <br /> What many of our critics do not like, especially Roberts, is that cold-blooded murder does not manifest itself as they expect it and have been manipulated on demand. This is because here we see a much more realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritically artistic "non-fiction novel" do not control these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's effect on life, literature and truth matter as much as scholars say, then it takes courage, as well as the talent to portray the truth or a version of the truth, which is not the rank, the cowardly lie erected in the depths of Capote's abyss.
