I come from Sweden and I just saw this movie. The fact is, I thought everything was fine. I have seen many negative comments about this, but you must remember that many people watching this two-part miniseries are located around the world and not just in the United States. Do not forget that everyone has never heard of the film made in the 60s and maybe not even in the events (murders). And more ... it can be difficult to find the original movie and if there are still people around you who do not like black and white movies. He feels fresh and colorful and will find his audience. His 12 years now, but I just saw him for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have never seen it in Sweden. Of course, there is internet but not for anyone in the world. The fact is that this is primarily a crime story in the United States and that it was important in the 50s-60s: in the United States, but in the rest of the world, it's a past. Well, we've been talking about it for a while, but 40 years later, it will disappear, for example, Europa because time passes. We had our own problems and our own crimes, so if someone remade the film and bring it back to life, that's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story and even the Capote movie, released a few years ago, was also a very good movie. This will stimulate interest in the events that took place about fifty years ago and could possibly prevent sleep from sleeping. It started me and now I'm looking for Robert Blake's version, so it was not so bad ... huh? These are my opinions. Some people will of course disagree but ... well, that's fine. Sometimes remakes of old movies will be acceptable. It's not every time the elders are so good. The shooting techniques have developed a lot and the scenes can be made more realistic if they want it today. It's always a question of money of course. There were so many movies that were shot in the "good old days," but there was also money missing, bad directors, etc., and they're doing it again today (50 years later) and suddenly, they can look. My friend had this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them are put in the trash directly. They were so mean we were sitting there like zombies ... could not move ... like brain death. I can not recommend them to anyone. I saw remakes of some of them and I remember having loved them ... but not the originals. They were just terrible painful. It's like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you first see Roger Moore, you might find him the one to trust or love ... Thank you for me and I'm sorry for my english, it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
