I found this family film nice and pleasant even though I am not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovering that the elevator in her upper class building becomes a machine to go back in time when a key to a chain she had from a scientist blind turns in the lock of the elevator. . She learns to control the machine (with some uncertainties about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not a serious science fiction work. You must ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with changing the past over time, that is, the past has been changed to prevent the Walker family from 1881 from becoming poor, but this change means that the family never had financial problems. spoke to Susan about her mother's financial problems, which means that Susan should not have had a reason to change the past! But apart from that, there are some small touches in the story, like the old elevator sign, found in the apartment of the woman who secretly invented and installed the time machine, not having a space for the latch activating the time traveling machine function. . As in many children's stories, we must also assume that a child will not share surprising information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult, but will hide the traveler in time. <br /> <br /> We must also ignore. poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances by some adult actors. (The children actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their roles.) In a scene from the 1300s, Native Americans noticed that Susan was watching and photographing them. But they are not surprised to see suddenly appear this blonde girl with white skin and the particular dress. Their answer is simply to stop what they are doing and walk calmly to Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother wears what is supposed to be a baby but who is so obviously a doll (her white skin and her head spinning around him). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor originally became famous in the old movie "Trent Something" television gives a somewhat uninteresting performance, sometimes apathetic. At the other end, Michel Perron plays the role of Italian concierge, as does Richard Jutras as a curious neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, who is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect that these problems may be the director's fault or a low budget. <br /> <Despite these flaws, I recommend the film for children. In addition to the interesting story, it also has some educational value, in that it shows how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
