Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer residing in Sydney, Australia, who is involved in a murder trial and defends five indigenous men accused of murdering a fellow countryman in Peter Weir's 1977 apocalyptic thriller The Last Wave. Picking up where Picnic at Hanging Rock stopped, the film deepens the exploration of the unknown and, in doing so, shows the gap between two cultures living side by side but who do not understand their respective cultures and traditions. Weir shows how white society views native beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that, since they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture are no longer applicable. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton trains deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols where the boundary between real time and "dream time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film since the opening sequence in which a thunderclap and hail interrupts a peaceful school break after Burton's discovery that his tub is overflowing and that water he falls on the steps. As violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the easy scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books about Aborigines and discover the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), to dinner at home, he is disturbed to find that he is being investigated by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), a Enigmatic Aboriginal wizard involved in the accused. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients make his job difficult by refusing to disclose the real events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the aboriginal was killed in a tribal bombing. ritual because "he has seen too much", although Chris refuses to recognize him in court. Burton, more and more troubled by a mystery he can not solve, said to his father-in-law, "Why did not you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question but, according to the Reverend, the Church answers all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth by himself and enters the tribal underground caves. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what is a dream, he faces his deepest fears in a mesmerizing climax that will let you think about its meaning until the wee hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this period of history during which the native Hopi and Mayan prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of man leading to the Fifth World, the last vague, although 25 years old, is still relevant. The Aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not completely submissive by the white man, but I am troubled by the rodent feeling we observe inside, but that we do not quite see. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual vision of reality, but it perpetuates the dark orientation that only suggests fear, showing nature as an obscure and uncontrollable power without the slightest trace of spiritual beauty on both sides of time.
