John Cassavetes' 1977 film Opening Night is what critics generally call the work of such an important, "neglected" artist. It's an excellent film, in its own right, and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever put to the movies. This is not a perfect film, because after two hours and twenty-four minutes, it's half an hour too much and the accent is put a little too much on the drunkenness of the main character Myrtle Gordon, interpreted by Gena Rowlands, the wife of Cassavetes. long after understanding the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, who also starred Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrayal of the internal struggles of an aging woman. Yet Rowlands won the best actress award at the Berlin Film Festival for this performance, and she was well deserved. This film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to his earlier and inferior film, A Woman Under The Influence, but it is a fallacious comparison. The character of Rowlands in this film is very mentally disturbed from the beginning, while coming from a background of blue-collar workers, while his characters in this movie and in Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by appearances. In this film, it is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be considered the youngest doppelganger of Myrtle, while in Allen's film, it is the past of his character? Many critics have interpreted this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing that Myrtle was surrounded by facilitators, like a stage manager who told him at the opening night, "I saw a lot of drunkards at my house. time, but me. I have never seen anyone so drunk as you can get up. You are awesome! 'But that's wrong, because alcohol is not her problem, she does not smoke either. These are only diversions of everything that forces it to destroy itself and, to the credit of Cassavetes, as a narrator, he never lets us discover what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite its ultimate advent , reason to expect that she has really solved anything of importance. This kind of unresolved end connects Cassavetes directly to the most daring European filmmakers of recent years, who felt comfortable revealing everything to the public and forcing their viewers to think, even if it hurt. <br /> <br /> However, the film perfectly sums up the effect of a drinker or fever rising out of the fog and, as such, the viewer is again involved subliminally in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or not, after the iris movie universe is left to each of the viewers, and as we saw before closing the cover, our choices matter.
