Looking at John Cassavetes' film, Opening Night, I remembered something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about his personal experience as an art or theater designer. He cited an example of, for example, crushing a dog while he was about to play a game that would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him and that he would do without no doubt would have to bring this experience with him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think of her words when I looked at Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who spends almost a whole week in a very similar scenario. Of course, Cassavetes' film has more to do in that it's about how theater works around a star actress, what emotion and human nature mean by playing a character and the way we live when we have (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the movie, after attending a show, Myrtle signs autographs. One of her fans, Nancy, approaches her favorite star and expresses her heart for Myrtle. It's a touching moment, but it does not last because it has to get into the car (driving rain and everything). She then observes with horror that the girl, who was standing right next to the car at the time of her departure, is being run over by another car in a car accident. She does not really know what happened, but then discovers the next day that the girl died as a result of the blow. From that moment, she is a little stunned even after thinking that all this was outside her system. At first, it is seen little by little, as when she repeats a scene with her fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and does not seem to bear to be hit - she attributes this to the lack of depth of the character (the author: " What do you think the piece is missing? "" I hope, "Myrtle said) - but then Nancy starts showing herself to her, an apparition that, for Myrtle, is quite real until she suddenly left. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, as in previous films, is after a search for what it means to have an emotion, to actually feel something and feel it, or its absence, and how it affects others around the person . This is not really a new field for Rowlands, who used to play a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in this case because of the alcohol), nor a foreign territory for the costar Ben Gazzara, who has just come out in the murder of a Chinese bookmaker. But the actors express all that is essential to their characters in each scene. Cassavetes does not tell them how to go from A to B in a scene and he does not need to do it. A Cassavetes film has the atmosphere that goes beyond the sometimes disgusting camera work. You know that Myrtle, for example, should be satisfied in one way or another, even if it's not with intrigue. But she is haunted and dissatisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the play ("Aging, who will see that?", She asks the author), and it begins to affect people who surround. <br /> <br /> The question quickly becomes if not what is usual. A conventional playwright would make the conflict "Will she be able to go on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it is, because the question "Will she be fine? Passing through such an exhausting piece as "The Second Woman" could help her understand her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (see Sara and attack her in front of strangers, who wonder what's going on)? Or will the lack of hope in the play tire all the rest? Rowlands depths with her character are intense and heartbreaking, and this is not expected to mean that it is duller than Woman Under the Influence. In fact, it's as good as this film to be honest with a man of this craft, and as a result, the other performances are just as true, from Gazarra to Nancy, performed by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes's answers to his own questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the real thrills of Opening Night, and seeing great actors perform an amazing storyline, is to see Cassavetes face the theater. We see the play - and apparently it's a real play - and we know very little about it. When we see the actors on the stage playing it, we find it hard to believe that the melodrama is unfolding (jostling relationships, frolicking and occasional domestic violence) and improvising actors. I wondered how much it was improvised, how much Cassavetes had allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle was starting to do silly things or, at her peak, was completely crushed. He's also on stage, so it must have been something for them to sort it out in advance and leave what would happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, surprising, chilling and at the edge of your seat. Some of the best movie theater scenes ever put in a film, and we see the boundaries between actor on stage, actor on film, actor with actor, fade away wonderfully. Opening Night is a powerful drama about death and madness, about reality and fiction, where love exists between human beings and, ultimately, what does it mean to "play"?
