Pauline Kael, who was never a fan, has already suggested that Cassavetes does not think like a director, but as an actor. What Kael meant was his supposed lack of sophistication as a filmmaker; to go further in this comparison, it never seems to me that Cassavetes is heading in a film, it's as if Cassavetes was implanting himself in his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is a genius as much as Welles, but much more important than a true artist (as opposed to a technician or rhetorician). It's like a cross between Italian passion (although Cassavetes is in fact Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have inner demons been so physically exposed. <br /> <br /> This is the mystery of becoming, playing and acting. Like a haunted album by Skip James, it contains echoes of ghosts. Rowlands's stunning and almost lyrical breakdowns, surprising from Cassavetes, are accompanied by a nervous and disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless and it is astonishing to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetes film, only by the manifest display of the intelligence (there is also a brief voice off at the beginning). But then, he was always smart, he never slid for easy praise. It's not "Adaptation"; Here, the fusion of reality and fiction and drama does not consist in showing intelligence, but in showing the inner troubles and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There is so much going on. Pure and joyful love when Rowlands greets his porter; the horror when she fights ... The scene where the girl tells how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some roots of this in "A star is born", and Almodovar borrowed it for "All about my mother". I think the end is a little disappointing because of the laughter, but the preparation that ends there is almost disgusting. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively minor point on the film.) <br /> <br /> It's a living phenomenon that breathes, and one has the impression of a process: it can go any direction at any time. Like "Taste of Cherry", we are reminded that "you must never forget that this is just a game". Still, it's dangerous: when Rowlands says this sentence, is it a big drama? How will the public take it? Is she reflexive or does she not care? The breakdowns of his character are incorporated in the performances, and finally in the film, so as to look like a woman, James Dean. 10/10
