Yesterday, I went to the monthly flea market that comes to town. I am not really interested in these things, but I turned to the fellowship of friends who have such an interest. Looking at the hundreds of vendors and passing many of them quickly, I spotted a vendor of VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of his DVD movies were relatively new; The oldest I noticed was co-host My Favorite Wife, Cary Grant-Irene Dunne, in 1940. But VHS tapes, by their nature, were mostly older movies. I could not resist the purchase of SOMETHING, since they were sold in 3 cassettes for $ 10. What a business, said Eddie Murphy. I came across a film I had heard about for years but never seen: OPENING NIGHT by John Cassavettes (1977). Well, I certainly wanted him to be a Gena Rowlands fan, and I had heard that this movie contained one of his best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen it about 20 years ago, at a time when I probably did not have enough experience of life to fully appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of the case, so I grabbed this one too. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to put aside the work I planned to do so I could watch OPENING NIGHT. I was totally fascinated by this movie. Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands) is a well-known stage and film actress who, during her previews in the city, has personal and professional problems in dealing with her character and the theme of the play, Aging. After a rehearsal, a passionate fan and an amateur autograph treat her with cries (and tears) of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. It begins Myrtle's descent in herself, where she has to face her own fears of aging, the future of her mature acting career, and the inadequacies she finds in the piece herself (written by a a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell). Throughout the film, she sees the dead girl, a clear symbol of her past. drinks almost constantly; and receives insincere support from his director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), his co-star (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how their behavior will affect them and their careers: sweeping lines on stage, improvising new lines, generally cracking on stage and arriving for the drunken Broadway concert. <br /> <br /> This story aims not only to deal with the problems related to aging, but also to promote the discontent of Cassavettes towards traditional cinema. Watching the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, decrying, but finally involved, entertained and satisfied. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, was very concerned that his audience understood what he meant and wanted their emotional involvement in the story. He alludes to ALL ABOUT EVE with the use of a passionate theater fan, even going so far as to dress the girl with a hat similar to the one worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of this film. This allusion is obviously intended to support its theme of aging, the contrast of the older and younger woman. He also uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle to face his own lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was TOO obvious, but I realized that it was the intention of Cassavettes. He does not want his audience to understand where he is coming from; if they did, it would hinder their emotional involvement. This specter of youth haunts Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle ends up "killing" her, but before she can really come to terms with herself and the play, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). Cassavettes is so drunk that she can not walk and has to crawl to her dressing room the night the play begins on Broadway. It resurrects itself (getting out of such situations is also important for the theme of the film) and succeeds the piece by giving a superb performance and changing the direction of the game by improvising so that it contains a ray of hope for the film. aging character she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands played the play in front of an audience, who knew or did not know they were going to be part of a movie. The piece they play also plays a role of contrast: the issues discussed are discussed in a general way and until Myrtle changes its outcome. In doing so, she also improves the work of her co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and among human beings, subjective realism and universal truth - these were the preoccupations of Cassavettes in the making of films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing. Of course, she has this beautiful face and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her throughout their marriage) we discuss many times so that we can also feel his emotions and we know what is happening in it. She cares so much about this character that you want her to work to get out of this crisis of the soul. And that's what holds your attention during the 2 and a half hours of operation. The film is deliberately punctuated at times and requires constant attention, but all those interested in making good movies and the big game will be rewarded. Someone else said it was a movie for movie lovers. All others are warned. <br /> <br /> Look for NIGHT OPEN if you've never seen it. Everyone is excellent and it is one of the best films of Cassavettes.
