*** on **** <br /> <br /> Yeah! Dressed To Kill is this kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? This 1993 film in which Brad Pitt is portrayed as a serial killer who is "greeted" by some travelers on a trip to California as a friend who could be a good company on the way. When I watch a movie, I still do not know anything about the plot before watching it, because the surprises can be even cooler. It was like that with Kalifornia. When I watched it last year for the first time, I never realized it was a suspense movie. When I discovered this, I was shocked. And when the movie went on and on, it got even better and I was at the edge of my seat, almost kissing my monitor, so close that I was up to it! So, we are discussing Dressed To Kill, right? Before watching this film (today!), I only watched 2 other films by Brian De Palma, so I can say that I do not really know his works, but I can say from a distance that these 2 movies were for me as big as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a copy of DVD and I can say: this movie is awesome! Mission: Impossible too. And today, I watched a third DePalma movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the movie continues, it is completely different from what you expect. I was looking very curiously at the museum scene, where Dickinson followed the mysterious man to his taxi and they found themselves together in an apartment room. You can guess what may have happened there. But when the movie reached the elevator stage, it took a completely different path. I was watching the rest of the movie and I really loved it. However, there are some weak points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something but he never did! It was totally ridiculous and it was definitely something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie as almost a masterpiece. Even in the taxi, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pulls her inside the cab and they start kissing. You know, it reminded me of the 70s Mexican TV series "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. Beyond these weak points of the film, it is actually an excellent film, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Inspector Marino! It reminded me of the role of Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same kind of character. <br /> <br /> Well, to conclude this review, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same as in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked that, because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma film, so it's not an imitation, because after all it was her idea! But it was a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen that a bad dream was waking up in the same way that it was happening for Amy Irving on the final stage of Carrie. This was of course, without a doubt, another weak point. But if you do better, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a great movie and I assure you it's not a waste of time to watch it.
