I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, which is written and directed by Brian De Palma.The DVD included both the rated version "R" and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version because I do not have not yet viewed the "R" noted version, I can not be quite sure of the difference.There is however a very graphic feminine nudity including a scene of explicit expression of personal gratification in this version.I guess that you could call this scene soft core porn.if thing may offend you, I suggest you check the rated version "R", but I digress. Any comment from this point refers to the unrated version. This is a mysterious murder / psychological horror film / suspense. there is very little violence and Blood.There is however a death sequence noted.The act of killing itself is quite graphic.However the blood itself does not seem real.He recalls the way a movie slasher of the 70s would look like.I think this is done deliberately to offset the violence of the act itself, to give the scene a The film is very rhythmic. As far as I know, each scene had a purpose, which I find very rare compared to most current movies. anyway, I also found that the acting game was good, especially Angie Dickinson.and Micheal Cane turns into a discreetly understated performance in his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The film also has a great twist, in my mind, although some people might find it predictable.the only complaint (and it's really more an observation) that I have is that I thought that the character played by Nancy Allen could have been more fleshed out , especially since she has a good amount of time on the screen.But she thinks she is doing a good job with what she receives. And that does not really detract from the quality of the film.The film also has a strong moral, which is even more relevant today.But the film did I also very much like the score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, who has felt that it looked a lot like the music of the original Psycho. For me, this music really raised the film. I thought this movie was brilliant. for me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
