May contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill, who just saw it for the first time the other day, is a movie with huge footage, decent performances and a beautiful and obvious Hitchcock scam, twist of intrigue at the end. It's a shame that some things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill discusses the mystery of a killer who killed at least two women (could have been more than the movie ever tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: an intelligent child, whose mother is a victim, an animated prostitute whose only one who can identify the killer and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the slaughtered child. There's a host of well-done performances, including Nancy Allen as a hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as a sexually frustrated victim, Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Dr. Rober Elliot, who has more to hide than what is to the eye; Anyway, no one is really remarkable. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who will later become a great character of the same genre in the hit NYPD Blue series, is embarrassing as an exaggerated, ruthless and hateful detective, even though he spends a short time on screen to not hurt the film. movie that a lot. Keith Gordon, the brain child, is decent, but he's almost too smart to be really credible. <br /> <br /> What sticks me the most with the film, it is the sequences of time. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is striking and well done, as is the last scene that led to her untimely death. I also like the sequence at the doctor, which reveals the identity of the murderer, so that the whole film is gathered at a time. And there is a split-screen scene that I thought was almost classic. There's still another situation where Liz is in a train, starting from what could be the killer, letting himself be drawn into directions he should never have with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller, it is tense and quite often believable. As a crime drama, it often fails, especially with the incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that has happened. There is also a useless and far too long sequence of dreams in which they had the audacity to shoot someone for what seemed like minutes at a time. It was an experience from top to bottom; a scene would catch my heart and mind with enthusiasm, and the second would make me uncomfortable and ask me why. At more than 100 minutes, it could have been less than 90 years and a better movie. <br /> <br /> Fearing film fans should love it. It's still a better movie than most of today's slasher movies. It may have been a better movie at the time, but as I just saw it recently, I can say that I appreciate it and that it is worth watching for only my three favorite scenes.
