Dressed to Kill begins with a sexually explicit nightmare for Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson). Later in the day, she visits her psychiatrist, Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine), for a session during which she confesses to being sexually frustrated and unsatisfied. wedding. Kate then goes to a museum and picks up a stranger. They return to his apartment for casual sex. Once this is done, Kate has to leave, but is attacked and killed in the elevator of the building by a blonde woman brandishing a razor blade. The prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the macabre scene and sees the killer but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz to be the murderer because there are no other witnesses. Liz teams up with Kate's son, Peter (Keith Gordon), to find the real killer, erase Liz's name, and see to it that justice is done. . <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma, I thought Dressed to Kill was a good mystery of psychological murder. The screenplay is measured and slow sometimes but he likes to focus on the character for you to really know him, the first twenty minutes whole only develop Kate as a character before she is killed, then the film goes to the end. Liz's attention & no one else can take a look at it. In this way, Dressed to kill is quite captivating and engaging, unfortunately, the character himself is not really friendly. I sometimes found some dialogues quite amusing, especially the vulgar speech that Liz sometimes spoke. The killers' motives are a bit plausible, but I guess you should be pretty damn good at doing anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good film but it did not excite me much and I could not find any character on which to base or to love. The film points to a useless and useless end of which I did not really see the goal. <br /> <br /> The director De Palma directs with style and visual flair, from the sequence of the museum of art to a car chase & as a whole, it is immaculately filmed. I guess every shot in Dressed to Kill has been a lot of thought. I felt that the film was a little flat and not inspired at times, however, nothing about it excited me so much. There's a lot of nudity, a little bit of sex and rape, and a few bursts of blood and violence, Kate's murder by a razor blade in the elevator being the highlight, if that's the right word . This is not shocking and controversial today, as many would like. <br /> <br /> With a projected budget of about $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has the sensation of high production of a Hollywood movie. The locations in New York are nice, the cinematography is good and overall, it is extremely well done. I thought the music was inappropriate and was far from noisy and intrusive. The acting is OK, but despite his outstanding performance, I did not think Caine had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma when Dressed to Kill was shot. Interestingly, of the four films in which she appeared, shot by De Palma in two of them, this & Blow Out (1981), she portrayed her as a prostitute. A double doubled was used for Dickinson while it is fun under a shower at first. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller that deserves to be watched, but I did not think it was up to it. it's a noble reputation. Good but not great.
