Dressed to Kill naturally made some noise on her first outing in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a mega-erotic role, as Angie Dicknson played the role of a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in bad museums (and in apartment elevators), as well as Nancy Allen as a call-girl, Michael Caine as Norman Bates' sophisticated cousin in New York, and enough sordid footage for the last two movies of the same period. Today, it's a little less incriminating by standards and the like, although the unclassified version has one of the most "hot" contents of all De Palma movies, at least at the time of his almost-authored period of the 70s and early 80s, where he seemed to repeat. themes repeatedly, ideas taken straight out of the reels of Hitchcock's classics and a shady uprising. This is a simple story that we have already seen in Sisters, then to a certain extent in Body Double and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays in the call girl Liz Blake, who must be cleared of the murder of Kate (Dickinson, in 'MILF' mode), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon of Dr. Elliott (Michael Caine). , a pretty cold performance). <br /> <br /> From the beginning, what De Palma seems to be doing to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to complete Carrie's opening scene (which he may be doing just in terms of editing), we have a series of technical reversals from the point of view of the style itself: the follow-up plans in the museum, intended to elicit more fascination for the process itself, to follow and want to be followed that any kind of tension; the chase in the subway (a forerunner of Carlito's Way) is done with a certain level of suspense, in the meantime, with a bit of wet exploitation with the black gang; the character of Peter, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who plays essentially a younger version of real life De Palma child (science geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And all this is entertaining and mesmerizing as a synthesis of a true synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique, while being as consciously preserved by a fearless film-making attitude. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this same self-consciousness has come back several times to the director's bite in recent years and, one way or another, in Dressed to Kill, it begins to become very erratic and disappointing when the story has to end. While the themes of Psycho come together in an even more apparent way (the man who wants to change sex does not even think that he kills as he * she * does), there is a revealing scene in the police station that makes the above Film Hitch looks like an astonishing psychological revelation. And the last scenes at Peter, painfully recalling a much more successful sequence in Carrie, are meant for a manipulation that even De De Palma asks for; the final plan in particular, although a master class on how to copy oneself. However, there is a very disturbed and perfect scene in the psychiatric hospital in the midst of this confused denouement, where the doctor is working on a nurse, to which all the other inmates act like animals in a zoo, and The shooting that goes up and goes up the stage is one of the best clichés of sexual perversion / general ever captured in a movie. <br /> <br /> Too bad that the film ends so strange and disturbing Then, it is a remarkable piece of the cinema of the paper pulp, where the class is omnipresent in the technical aspects (soft lighting, movements so simple) complex cameras, among subjects that should appear in the combination of 25-cent paperbacks. This is not a masterpiece, but I would certainly come back every day with most of the director's recent thrillers.
