In France, French critics deem it polite to genuflect the apparently coherent film chain that Brian De Palma has left behind. However, a good part of his films are tainted with explosive effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his loans to Hitchcock. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence of the museum while the key moment in the elevator inevitably brings to mind the sequence of the anthology of the shower in "Psycho" (1960). . About our film involved, I do not want to revive the old debate: De Palma tears Hitchcock? Instead, I would tend to be generous and rank "Dressed to Kill" in the De Palma winners category alongside "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). With some reservations and these are the ones I listed earlier that feed the quarrels between the mad fans of De Palma and his detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is one thing in "Dressed to Kill" that can generate a general agreement among moviegoers, it is De Palma's virtuosity in the realization. He handles his camera like an expert filmmaker. His sophisticated camera work brilliantly fuels the suspense that causes a rise in tension and an annoying aura. The audience is easily stuck in front of the screen. This is facilitated by the use of several long silent sequences in which everything depends on the appearance and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho", there were also long and silent pieces ... <br /> <br /> But the main disadvantage of De Palma's 1980 vintage is that the quality of the plot is not lacking and seems to be a repetition of many imaginary and tacky ingredients pertaining to countless murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and must act alone (with a little help from the son of the victim since the scene in the subway) to find the murderer and prove his innocence. Besides the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that for once is not at all humiliated, it is a menu that feels heated up. And the filmmaker ends his film on a sequence that echoes the first. Yes, it is superbly filmed but when you discover its true function, we say to ourselves: "it's almost free filling". Perhaps De Palma wanted to extend his film beyond an hour and a half while the viewer knew (and even before) who was the killer. <br /> <br /> The two main themes of the De Palma theme are manipulation and voyeurism. This last theme is present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene, giving the impression that the film looks like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his wife and lead actress Nancy Allen in underwear. I find his approach on this rather dubious topic. But perhaps the first sequence was designed to be a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to stoke his voyeuristic gaze. <br /> <br /> I do not want to belittle the work of De Palma. His prestigious work in staging, which involves a communicative treatment of the film, redeems the overall weakness of history and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy he has aroused among moviegoers is not about to subside.
