Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to consult a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets her into trouble, she also involves a third person, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who locks herself into an investigation to discover the identity of a psychopathic killer. <br /> Dressed to Kill is a bit historically important. This is one of the most recent examples of a contemporary thriller that, to date, has been extended to Hide and Seek (2005). So it's strange that director Brian De Palma tried to shout Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally lifts parts of Vertigo (1958) to be part of the famous Dressed to Kill museum scene. Dressed to Kill's shower scenes, along with her villain and death mode, are similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses a prominent score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not stop there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, whether by accident or skill, manages to make an oblique turn from, or even transcend, his influence, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, a structure and flow that was influential. Perhaps partly because of this influence, Dressed to Kill also has serious flaws when seen at this time. Countless filmmakers have taken De Palma in the style of Hitchcock and tweaked it, improving almost every element. Thus, after 25 years of influencing thrillers, a large part of Dressed to Kill seems terribly rhythmic, structurally cumbersome and intriguing. . <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film that has unfortunately not been improved is the sex and nude scenes of Dressed to Kill. Dickinson and Allen both treat us with frontal nudity (Allen's being at a very skewed angle), and De Palma has persistent plans of Dickinson's breasts, a highly implicit masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than those that we usually find in contemporary movies. Some scenes tackle the soft-core porn. I'm not a fan of caution, quite the contrary. The puritanical, monogamous attitude, sheltered from our culture of sex and nudity disturbs me. So, from my point of view, it is deplorable that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on the flesh and its pleasures is one of the few things that others have not followed closely. This may have been desired, but they have not been allowed to do the same because of the cultural controls exercised by conservative plush shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction taken by De Palma in cinematography and the staging of certain scenes are sufficient. difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange and characteristic close-up approach and is very fond of shots from interesting angles, such as vertical views and James Whale-like tracking on distant shots. Of course, the subsequent directors were brighter, but it's hard to say they were better. Considered for its cinematic prowess at least, the museum scene is notable for its ability to create a very subtle tension around a fallen glove and a glance or two while following Kate through the nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art . > <br /> On the other hand, from a perspective that cares about history, and especially if one expects to watch a thriller, all through the museum scene and slightly beyond may seem too slow and silly. Because of its removal from the main genre of the film and its main concern with the director's panache (as well as cultural facts external to the film), the opening seems to be a little integrated attempt to titillate and be risky. Once the first murder is committed, things get better, but because of the movie's possible influence, much of the improvement now seems a bit clichéd and sometimes hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are generally good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson has to come out earlier than we would like (but the release is necessary and very effective). Dressed to kill is at least likely to hold your interest until the end, but because of facts not contained in the image itself, it has not really aged well. At this point, it may be better to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even at that time - of some of De Palma's directorial talents.
