I just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I first saw about 23 years ago as a teenager and stayed away from bed watching HBO with my brother and best friend . We had also watched Animal House earlier, so we saw two films featuring a former SNL student and topless. Fortunately our parents were asleep all the time! Anyway, there were a lot of strange and amusing things in this film that opened our eyes, like the Uranus Industries' Brown 25 advertisement sequence ("with the taste of beef stew," says announcer, as it is apparently human excrement coming out, white tube, Ewww!) or the face of the puppet speaking of VD (a scrotum with a small penis with glued eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their debut here. Chase is hilarious, whether it's a Geritan scene with a woman undressing, being kissed in a commercial "Let the fingers do", or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro drumming his hands on his head. Belzer teams up with Shapiro in the movie "The Dealers", and in "Channel One Evening News", in which he plays a wild role as Belzer as a black prostitute who tries to cheat the journalist Ken who plays the role Lionel here. "Lionel, it looks like a train I'm going to drive like a Choo-Choo!" Other outrageous remarks include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a youth host who, after ordering "people over ten years" to leave the room, reads the demands of his viewers as passages of "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympic segment with a German couple making love that is announced by two men (including a Spanish) as they become explicit while "Please Stand By" continues to pause on the screen! Or the animated segment of "The Dealers" that describes dancing toilets after Shapiro ingested marijuana! Everything is not so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" skit, at the end of the evening, an extremely entertaining segment of music shows Ken commenting on his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with suit and briefcase around the city. with occasional cop the writer Lane Sarasohn). So, in a nutshell, it's a weird and funny movie that seemed to influence other movies like Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and maybe Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the star of this show) and, despite dated elements, can still amuse today. PS While I liked to hear Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the early gorilla dance / hitchhiking sequence, I wondered what the meaning of the hitchhiker's sequence was and how the woman who took him in his arms, running away from the car, undressing the race, and then the naked man gets caught by the cop who stopped on the road. I guess it's one of those things that hang out in the 70s ...
