You know what they say about the 70s. If you remember, you were not there. One of the few things I remember about the '70s was the very first hippie and trendy social satire, viewed from the perspective of a totally "underground" or counter-cultural perspective ... The Groove Tube. If the humor seems now erased or without spirit for certain televiewers, that can only be because a lot of things have happened during the last 30 years and that the comedy is not more "fresh" ... but good! When this film was released, it was a first ... and some of these sketches were done for the very first time ... while Nixon was in power, the Vietnam War was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a film made before the arrival of Watergate and it is therefore one of the first to be the subject of a great blow in the establishment, to make fun of him and hippies at the same time time. And frankly, some skits are still funny. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke" .. you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70s really looked like, look at the Groove Tube ... if you liked the "Network" network that won an Oscar from the same year and thought that it was just in his wild look on television, you will dig the Groove Tube ... which takes up the theme but plays from the perspective of viewers .. .the young viewers who turned off the television for the benefit of other entertainment ... We were raised on Ozzie & Harriet "Leave It to Beaver", the father knows it better, my three sons..Good days ... so imagine our joy when those of us who were experimenting with new ways of life could see a shipment of the box seen from our point of view! The commercials of the only company Uranus are priceless. "Good things come from Uranus" ... and the sudden rupture of the film right in an animation at the Fritz the Cat, when the hippies eat the weed is always one of the best segues and by bad luck, I have never seen a movie <br /> <br /> If you like the movie Kentucky Fried, you'll love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your strange Uncle Harold still has a fierce gleam in his eyes when thinking back to his college years, it would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is ..a memory of the time ... and a little impertinent movie that will help anyone who has forgotten the 70's to remember it again .
