"Once upon a time there was a charming land called France ... People lived happily at that time, women were easy and men indulged in their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation for kings whose people could enjoy. " The war in question was the Seven Years' War, and when it was noticed that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent to replenish the ranks. <br /> <br /> And this is how Fanfan (Gérard Philipe), surprised to tip the girl of a peasant into a pile of hay, escapes the marriage by enlisting in the regiment of Aquitanian ... but only by first believing in his future as predicted by a gypsy, he will gain fame and fortune in Her Majesty's uniform and marry the King's daughter. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy but the daughter of the sergeant recruiter of the regiment. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan loads the recruits, saber in hand to rescue an attacked carriage, which should be inside except the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced that he will get married high, despite the extremely cut blouses that Adeline wears. In turn, she will soon discover her own love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent film about Fanfan's fate, the major adventures of a thug and thug who fight with the sword. There are escaping draperies, sword fights on tile roofs, clumsy battles, romantic escapades and more joyous maneuvers than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks of Polish, he compensates for its irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a swift swordsman and lover who speaks fast, but with such a naive belief in his destiny and such optimistic nature, how can we not love him? <br /> <br /> Gérard Philipe was an iconic theater and theater actor (whom François Truffaut constantly denigrated in the Cahiers du Cinéma pages). He did most of his own stunts. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. The men admired him and the women dreamed of him. He died at the age of 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer. All France is in mourning. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline. It's not these low waist blouses that make it play. She is strong, passionate, not completely innocent and no one is crazy. <br /> <br /> Fanfan the Tulip sings with an endless satirical action, sharp situations and a good nature. Not to mention funny and bitter dialogues. Once Adeline has taken steps to prevent Fanfan from hanging, she meets the king in his private apartments. "Give me your pretty little hand," he said. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" said the king, "All I ask is a little pleasure." "I'm a real girl," says Adeline. The king says, "You owe my esteem to your merits, you love Fanfan, so thank you, my whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying for it the loyalty you have sworn to it." Now it's smart, funny stuff. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to hate popular movies as mere entertainment (and they personalized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their main targets. They probably missed Fanfan's point, which is a very funny satire about the uselessness of armies and war. How much better it must have been to make anxious films that only other filmmakers can appreciate. Thank God, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have gone beyond this childish condescension and have come to recognize that a good movie is a good movie, that the masses love it or just cognoscenti. A smart person who loves movies can enjoy it, if the movies are done well. Those who condescend to a film based on its popularity are as devaluing as those who boast of never having read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
