Here is the last of the four French swashbucklers I programmed for this Christmas season: the others (in order of viewing) were THE BLACK TULIP (1964, the same director as this one, but not as good), LADY Oscar ( 1979, surprisingly effective), and the splendid CARTRIDGE (1962). In fact, I watched this one a short time ago on Italian TV late in the evening and I remember not being particularly impressed by it, so I was really surprised by the fun which I enjoyed this time (also taking into account the disconcerting lack of enthusiasm for the film here and elsewhere when it was first announced as a DVD from Criterion). <br /> <br /> Incidentally, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a little in common with the previous film CARTOUCHE: not just members of the cast and the technical team (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, director of photography Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert) in fact, the hero is a soldier (the Cartridge of Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a brief military passage) who is loved by a fiery girl (here the gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he is - even obsessed with an impossible love (here none other than the king's daughter)! As in the last film too, Fanfan (an ideal actor, Gérard Philipe, so full of life here that it is hard to believe that he would be hit with cancer in the next seven years) is flanked by two of cheerful but cowardly men (one of them is in fact his hierarchical superior and the heroine's own father) and countered by an unscrupulous figure in his own ranks (the aging Roquevert, with whom the hero ends up arguing a duel on the roofs since he also has love drawings on the girl gypsy)! for the record, Lollobrigida will join Philippe in his next film, LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952), René Clair's fantasy fantasy. <br /> <br /> FANFAN has proven to be a huge box office success in his country. even won a surprising prize (but well deserved) for the best film in Cannes for more well-known films such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity has been reissued in a computer-colored version (likely to the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black and white product with a 10-foot boom) and the Criterion DVD itself contains an example. from this variant; being obviously a title in foreign language, there is also the dubious choice of a soundtrack dubbed in English but, even if these have not proved particularly painful to take into account, in the end, nothing simply replace the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN THE TULIP (nickname given to a young Genevieve Page like the famous Madame De Pompadour) contains about as much comedy as action and romance; Although some may find this overwhelming, I do not agree with myself, because I enjoyed the narration clearly satirical and, overall, this combination is comparable to that of Jerzy Skolimowski, also crazy, THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said, sword fights are remarkably powerful for a mostly light-hearted enterprise (especially a woodland brawl and an ambush in a convent) and the film itself sometimes quite adult (with many allusions to sexuality as well that a coarse language adopted everywhere) seen immediately, as I did now, with the vintage Hollywood tariff; the climax is then quite ingenious: the enemy forces (which, curiously, are forced to speak in acclimated gibberish!) are exhausted by our heroic trio alone, much to the astonishment of the king who, as described by Marcel Herrand ?? Best known for his role as leader of the Parisian underworld in "CHILDREN OF PARADISE" by Marcel Carne (1945) ?? is itself something of a lick. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian television channel has threatened to project CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964), promising Christian-Jaque, for months. However, even though it has already been scheduled three times (a provisional fourth is scheduled for next week), it has not been broadcast yet. even in this case, I still have three films in his unattended VHS stack (also drawn from late-night Italian TV shows): the epic three-hour film, LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948), also starring Gérard Philippe ), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
