One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this one, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shootings, etc., but rather with a rifle, the Winchester '73, and how it affects the others and how they do it. A rifle is not a living human being, breathing, is it? You may be inclined to believe that this is not the case. But he seems to have a mind of his own, for two very similar reasons: he finally returns to his rightful owner, although in the rest of the photo, his "owners" unconscious do their best to ensure the smooth operation. does not seem and never seems content until it comes back to its original owner, so, coincidentally, the unconscious "owners" always seem to lose it or get killed trying to protect it and keep it until it comes back to James Stewart, so it's "content". But not all owners deserve it. Stewart does, of course, since he won it. McNally does not, since he must have been a dirty thief and steal him. Drake certainly does not, because he would probably lose it in some poker games. In addition, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a single rifle if he did not even use it? Duryea does not, because he's just a crazy maniac, and we all know that funny maniacs do not deserve guns. This film has a kind of black edge that only Westerns can have, like the Ox-Bow incident. Westerns have their own kind of black, very different from Bogart's movies of the '30s and' 40s. This is without a doubt the best of the five Stewart-Mann westerns, even though my favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four have become very different from this one. I do not think it's a coincidence to see that the other four were colored, and this is in black and white. It's because of the black edge. Stewart's vengeance and dark past have been taken into account in all five films, to the point that it's not only Stewart's dark side, but also a kind of character, not to mention in the credits. but you can only recognize and know that he is there, always present. However, this one, not only on the vengeance and the dark past, but also on the plane of the supreme danger and the very different personages of those of Stewart, surpasses the four others in all respects. But Stewart never crosses the line. However, he distinguishes between light and darkness. This is why black and white plays such an important role in the film. They could all be black and white or in color. But this one is in black and white and the other four are in color, and there is a very good reason for that.
