The larger-than-life characters of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, as well as the ghosts of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, dominate Anthony Mann's first Western western with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest to avenge the murder of his father is the main story, Winchester '73 is truly an ensemble piece, the eponymous weapon, one in a thousand, passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including including a crooked trader (John McIntire, particularly great) and outlaw Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The fusion of fiction and history in the film produces a light rhythm and an ambivalent tone that is brilliantly in tune with the uncompromising and rigorous film making of Mann's composition. His themes of psychological agitation and dictation of the present slightly underlie this great story of good and bad men chasing after a legendary weapon, but they clearly appear in a vignette about the husband's cowardice and his failed expiation attempt, and are defined in Stewart's conversations with sidekick. Millard Mitchell. The use of the environment by Mann is what distinguishes him from other Western filmmakers. Instead of looking at panoramas from a distance, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate, or evoke the characters' goals. Just like the mountains, caves and rapids were to be taken into account in The Naked Spur, here a shooting takes place between the rocks and the loose rocks of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that inevitably determines the role of winner and victim between two equally competent snipers. . (I would be remiss if I did not recognize the contribution of the director of photography, William H. Daniels, especially his superb daytime and open-air photography.) Not only does an outdoorsman, Mann, present a picture Dodge City, an off-road rider from Wyatt Earp, is also alive and kicking. mainly through scaling on several levels. Shooting competition does not depend on rapid camera changes or unsteady cuts, because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the highest possible density of information in a given shot. He does not care either to write the plot in dialogue, relying on the eyes of actors or on a well-chosen image to understand the issues. One scene in particular serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell's narrative about Stewart's motivation to Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the decisive shootout that reveals everything quickly enough. Lightweight without feeling inconsistent, intense without being overwhelming, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to contemplate.
