A new creative team emerged in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart teamed up with equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to create a series of westerns that helped define this genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was best known for his dramatic approach to comedies, dramas, and family-oriented novels. Not that he was not already a multi-talented Hollywood star. Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal in "The Philadelphia Story," was one of his best on-screen performances and one of the best for those with a celluloid film. He had even made westerns before. Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make this movie a classic. But for most moviegoers, he was American, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. There was rarely a dark side of one of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B-movies in black-film mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the attention of James Stewart. Thus, the two talented men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best but the others were almost as effective. Mann has become a successful director of A-movies, which has allowed some critics to label Western's greatest Western western as Gary Cooper's "The Western Man". Through this partnership, Stewart became fabulously wealthy because he gave up a portion of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary that was usually paid to him, which is a wise move followed by many other actors from that moment on. -the. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first, perhaps the first, to tell a story from the point of view of a traveling pistol. Each owner is part of the narrative that is told and everything takes place in the exciting confrontation at the end of the film, which also surprises the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the narrative centers on the revenge and ownership of Winchester '73. We are in 1876. Custer and his 7th cavalry were annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. White people want revenge. Native Americans want to find their land and their way of life. This conflict leads to a confrontation between the Aboriginal Americas led by Young Bull (the young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small group of cavalry stuck in a canyon and joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner long time. High Spade (the underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to get together, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a stained dove with a generous heart. Among the soldiers on horseback are Newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (deceased Dukes of Hazzard), whose role is shortened by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was at Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as chief marshal. The handsome actor Will Geer (later Walton) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was assistant marshal at Dodge at the time, he was a lawyer. Lin McAdam won the Winchester in a shooting competition, but was soon removed by Dutch outlaw Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade are after Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the film. An even more sinister character emerges along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, incarnated by the evil embodied by Dan Duryea who threatens to steal the show from other members of an exceptional cast. <br /> <br /> The Winchester passes through several hands during the film, the transfer is intense each time. One of them is a gunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are mixed with the scenario above. All this in addition to the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the show. <br /> <br /> As stated above, the distribution is first order to the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in uncredited games, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and B western, Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
