In 1942, a film, TALES OF MANHATTAN, told a series of stories without any connection between them, but tied together by an evening suit. Each story began when the "tails" were passed from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a premium movie and a big western, has a similar twist. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for a deadly grudge. But during the film, the two men participate in a shooting competition, the prize (awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) being one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely beats MacMahon, but the gun was stolen and the pursuit is open. <br /> <br /> The gun goes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a in short), to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as Waco Johnny Dean, deliciously mortal and psychotic), to MacMahon. He ends up coming back to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea literally puts the rifle on Drake's corpse (Duryea forces the problem). But he loses it for MacMahon, who is faster in the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. While he and Shelley Winter watch MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who watched Duryea kill his former boyfriend Drake) drops his reluctance to the shooter momentarily to ask why he accepted MacMahon's intimidation of the weapon. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. An opportunity will come later (for example, when he will be able to kill MacMahon safely and recover the rifle). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters appears for the first time as Drake's future wife, but she sees a very big negative side: an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this mistake and contributes to its destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and his friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flippen's comrade soldier - Tony Curtis. Flippen suggests that this soldier has already been on a hundred battlefields, probably since 1861. Steward had shown emotions in other films. In THIS WONDERFUL LIFE, he sometimes showed a certain degree of anger and almost nervous depression when he thought his life was spoiled. But here he showed demonic anger - to the detriment of surprise Duryea (who would normally do it himself). <br /> <br /> The parts of this film go very well together, under the competent hand of Mann. It's a western that never wears out, while the public watches the travels of a Winchester rifle.
