The adult western buffs that flourished in the 1950s are trying to trace their origins in the film that triggered the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to this single decade, it must be one of some movies made in the first year of that time. One of them is "The Gunfighter", an extremely sinister story about a famous shooter (Ringo) facing his last shootout. "Winchester '73" is another example of that same year. It should be noted that Millard Mitchell appears in both categories of lugubrious, mustachioed and very realistic horsemen. In The Gunfighter, he is the Marshal of the city supposed to arrest Ringo, but has already accompanied him into an outlaw gang. In Winchester, he is the companion of Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio in the hamlet of Stewart in this epic / tragic tale. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lonely cowpoke wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match, defeating the ugliest man in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and who caused the dead of their father. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell chase after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them to the other side of the border, where they meet outlaws and Indians. (In a marvelous piece, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an Indian leader and an American cavalryman - during a well-organized, well-organized battle.Dan Duryea steals the entire show as an out-of-the-box leader. While Shelly Winters, as before, she starts to gain weight, like the lady in the shadow that binds all the intrigues, today the filmmakers would continue for about four hours to present such an ambitious idea to Anthony Mann does this extremely economically, and Western legends such as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (terrifyingly played by Will Geer) make brief appearances, adding both its historical and epic character. final between good and bad brothers, At the top of a series of prominent rocky canyons, it is now legendary among Western amateurs.It is also interesting that Stewart, although he has become very associated with Western films, playing what he is actually his first leading role in the West, here. stry Rides Again eleven years ago, but it was launched in this parody comedy because it seemed so FALSE for westerns!
