The traditional West is synonymous with open spaces, unblemished morality, inevitable intrigues, optimistic faith in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape his past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of self, the dream that is being forged, the pushing of borders and borders, which is why gender is still mentioned by opportunist politicians. With some noble exceptions (Wellman, Hawks, for example), the Westerner was healthily free of neuroses or real anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed all that forever, and this first incursion into the genre is one of the most violent, vivid, complex, not to say exciting westerns ever made. <br /> <br /> The traditional West depends on a hero who embodies a wild health, whatever the misfortunes he may have in the past, a supporter of order and law, which dominates the film, removes its obstacles, restores the effective harmony; and an evident villain, who often, ironically, leads the plot, forces the hero to certain actions. The difference between the two is often described as as simple as mythically, like wearing a white or black hat. <br /> <br /> The origin of Mann was in the film noir, a genre opposed to open spaces and optimism. Black had a neurotic charge centered on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morality is blurred, the hero is also often the villain, trapped in an inner labyrinth of his own making, passive victim of fate. Black speaks of regression, not of progress, of questioning and negation of modes and signs of representation, of their creation and of their confirmation. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is loaded with black anxiety. Black is often considered a psychological genre, visualizing the trauma of the head of his protagonist. And that's all the more disturbing, as this protagonist is adorable, Jimmy Stewart, at home, and here starts his big series of difficult movies with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, kind and gentle, representing the right and trying to restore disturbances in the natural order, he is also a near-madman who will stop at nothing to obtain a deadly revenge, whose relentless pursuit is to picture of Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCHERS. inhuman persistence, whose human anxiety is weakened by this quest and whose bursts of violence are truly terrifying to observe. <br /> <br /> As in Black, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have overtaken (symbolically killed) their fathers, McAdam's father was killed before he could finish the process; to pursue his brother is a less moral revenge than an anxious protest against stunting. The decisive shootout is not cathartic: McAdam returns to "normal" society, as he has just seen some of the world's most horrific horrors. <br /> <br /> What is most disturbing in the film is that it's not really about a hero or a villain at all, but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the canon of the privileged title, exposed behind a window, while his admirers are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring him outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary signifiers: names change; Lin and Dutch mime by shooting at each other because they do not have guns; the quests lose their moral vitality and their practitioners are close to madness; the armies must ask the help of Confederate foreigners to fight battles; a man deserves respect only when he mentions his name; another man reveals himself cowardly when he abandons his betrothed to the Indians; the pistol retains its prestige, its power, its integrity. <br /> <br /> This is not the plot of revenge that animates the film, but the story of the gun; the film comes out of conventional expectations and creates a strange, alienating and modern sensation. We are so caught up in the vengeance plot that when we follow, with the gun, another plot, we feel a little perplexed. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on the pistol, symbol of powerful manhood, actually allows criticism of this masculinity, revealing elaborate elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order; gross capitalist greed; murderous Indian traders who swindle the seller and the enemy; loose; psychotic killers; before returning to his "real" owner, a broken hero, completely compromised, become as murderous as the murderer he seeks. The gun never bears the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but also because there is no fixed masculinity, an insightful anathema for the traditional West. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly invokes Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, the cavalry, the Civil War, the great Western world - only to undermine them. Earp has an exaggerated reputation that is aptly named but never proven - Dodge City is no more secure against outlaws than elsewhere; the cavalry is inept (Custer has just lost Little Big Horn) and the bitter feud of the war is irrelevant. The myth of the open West is the site of a very closed, unavoidable circular plot that traps its characters, refuses to let them shape their destiny, but to let it be shaped. <br /> <br /> The former John Ford silhouette of runners on a vast mountain is resumed, but the signals here are not progress, but repetition and circularity. But despite its deconstruction, the film is also a tangible liveliness that few westerns have managed to achieve. Mann's incisive technique introduces his camera into crucial positions, alternating revelation of distance and in-depth examination, giving the impression that salon doors and diligences are alive and alive.
