"Addictive" is an adjective that I have often heard about certain TV shows. More recently, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned this description. However, as convincing as they are (and they really are), I can wait a few days before seeing the next episode of either series, even in Prison Break, which some have lazily categorized as "the new 24 ". With all due respect, this can not exist and for good reason: no other big-screen thriller relies on a real-time structure. That's what distinguishes 24 other shows and that's why I almost have to watch an entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the timer begins to lengthen, it's impossible to tune the end . <br /> <An episode that happened in a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); to have the full season of a new 24-hour series, one per episode (the actual duration being 41 minutes, the remaining 19 hours being advertised when the show airs on television), was the idea most revolutionary mainstream TV from Hill Street. The blues have introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element nowadays). And that really paid off. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the initial plan of the series was to revolve it around a wedding (fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was more appropriate for a conspiracy thriller. ), which is probably the reason why the first glimpse of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) looks extremely relaxed and participates in a chess game with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert ) and, a few minutes later, to hold with Teri (Leslie Hope), the woman with whom he has just been reconciled. As in The Sopranos, however, something unexpected and shocking is behind the corner: not only did Kim escape from her room, but Jack also received a call asking her to get to work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid: Bauer is an agent of the CTU and his leader has gained reliable information on the possible success of the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), candidate for the African-American presidency who will be in Los Angeles. Angeles. Angeles for the whole day (oh well, I almost forgot: the events take place on California's presidential primary day). No time to nap, so: Jack must spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol, which is not right with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a viscous man of the division who was asked to interfere in the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, making the show difficult to recommend for those with limited attention span, but those who want to take a look at it will be rewarded immediately: The writing is clear and precise, the attention to detail unsurpassed and the suspense still high, mainly thanks to the real-time deception that greatly improves the level of adrenaline. Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (science fiction and thriller) tend to simply introduce it and then define them later (CSI, for example, where the development of the character is minimal, but that fits the unique style of the series), while the series, which debuted in the series, features a rich palette of complete people, including Jack (The Best Role of Sutherland - Never!) And Palmer (The True revelation of the series) is distinguished by its perfect description after a single episode (the first divided between work and family, reckless but human, the last honorable and endowed with great integrity). Some pieces of support are close to the stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two factors must be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there is so much on most viewers do not even complain about a "default" or two. After all, how many network programs can begin with a conspiracy, a missing teenager AND a huge explosion - and are they just as satisfying for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
