Among the comments I made before mine, I mostly agree with those of Edyarb The story and the storyline seemingly have the potential to be fun, but they have failed in some places, but to other places. You could see them wanting to make a joke, but no one in the audience was laughing. (Also accept Edyarb's opinion on the ending credits: leave the situation normal or calm her, but not what she did now.) Watching a movie. I liked that; It was nice entertainment for one night and I really did not feel like a waste of money getting the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a bit out of whack and that are quite mature, like Luke Wilson's character, Matt, asking for the super chick "P * nis or bed?" when she told him that she "would get him a new one" after a crazy night in bed, eventually breaking the bed and leaving Matt sore. <br /> <br /> I can not, however, accept what bgs1614 says that the film can get the grade "R" - nothing in the film justifies it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, only humorous, and no nudity. (Maybe he was attending a preselection that showed more ...?) I would like to compare that to two recent movies that I went to see without any expectations: Superman Returns and Click. I really did not expect anything from either - I was a big fan of Superman's original movies and the trailer of Click only showed it as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I would not object to ). Superman surprised me by making me really feel good (goosebumps!) To see his first act heroic, like to see a friend lost long time and be happy. But for the rest of the story, I prefer to watch my ex-girlfriend super, at least it offers surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from a really great movie. The jokes also work much better than in the ex-girlfriend, the naughty and the most advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I compared these three movies is that they are the last three. We saw it very quickly and also because I went there without any waiting. I would rank them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
