On paper, it sounded like a great concept: an average rebound guy walks out of the museum's conservative shopkeeper, who's really a superhero who saves the world regularly. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from the "Simpson" group) almost made a miscalculation by letting their hero G-Girl (portrayed by the Uma Thurman striker) become a real job at a time as that superhero and secret personality Jenny Johnson. The film even found in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) following his rescue by G-Girl of the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt how G-Girl was. Matt replies, "She's a little crazy?" I think the intention was to make Jenny (Thurman) this lonely young woman, who has no one in her life, isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman is doing his best, but his Jenny is a terrifying mood jump that is in dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is far too modest in reversing the role of his boyfriend and superhero girlfriend. <br /> <br /> "My super-ex-girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing and arrives at the end of "Superman Returns" who plays the superhero, so to speak. With all her quirks and her incoherent writing, I always thought that "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the movie. Since this is a Ivan Reitman film, it could have been much better. Reitman starts with a good postulate and really squanders it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here, neither Jenny nor G-Girl is really nice. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence. At first, his Jenny / G-Girl is just weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, it's Thurman, she looks great. It is only towards the end that Jenny becomes more sympathetic, instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not just a story of superheroes, but rather a kind of romantic comedy, it does not provide what every superhero mythology needs - a super super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really diabolical. He is not Lex Luthor. No project of global domination. Bedlam, rather than Barry, has a grudge against G-Girl, and that should have something to do with their common past. What's so weird you do not know who you prefer to hang out with Bedlam or G-Girl? Luke Wilson's Matt is just "a guy" who comes into contact with the psycho superhero. One of the annoying things he does is that he confides in his disgusting losing friend, Vaughn (Rainn Wilson makes a bad identity theft). Wilson sometimes plays a little too much, which dilutes his attractive charm. It works though, in the comic sex scene with Jenny. While going out with Jenny / G-Girl, Matt realizes that he is in love with his colleague Hannah (Perky Anna Faris). So, how did Matt break up with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and for the most part hilarious. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies walk. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. Satires of superheroes disguised as romantic comedies can be difficult in themselves. Everyone loves the hero. However, the job of heroes? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, she is unable to do so convincingly. And she does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failures. "My super ex-girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although all participants are involved, the film could have been great.
