It all starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I guess it depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter his new film Seven Pounds as you prefer, as he begins at the end and returns to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to this ripping 911 call . It's a powerful film. it may be because I am a fan of dramas of this ilk, dripping heavy moments and overflowing with devastating performances, but anyway, a film gives better results when it really touches me, when it drags back of my head hours after leaving the theater. And this comes from the team that brought us the Overrated, the Sappy, and not all this pursuit of happiness that redeems, so I'll just say that my anticipation was tightly guarded for a big disappointment. With all that, however, I was with Seven Pounds from the beginning of the round to the credits. Even if you understand what Will Smith's character is doing, this secret mission he's trying to accomplish is the way he fills his penance that shines brightly and leaves you with a tear-filled smile on his face. end. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit chaotic, leaving us behind to try to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of the people we do not know and one of the people he seems to be trying to track and verify the results. Working with the IRS allows him to access these strangers to get a glimpse of their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift he has the power to give them - a gift that could completely change their circumstances . He calls an old friend of childhood (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised not to guess his decision because he can not change his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, you can not help but feel the total grief in the background hanging over everyone's head. It's his character, seen perhaps three times, that really encompasses the primordial level of emotion that is in question. His attacks, whether striated and composed or his convulsions facing the head, show that the bond that these two men have is the one who stands the test of time and any circumstance that will follow. <br /> <br /> After this phone call, start the trip to meet new people. Thomas is somehow responsible for helping solve the monetary problems of fatally ill people, trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and their survival. This progression takes many turns, from a "blind meat vendor, vegan" that he scolds to see if he can blow it up; to a Phase 2 heart patient who needs money, can not print his line of stationery, or even runs with his Great Dane Duke; to an abused and frightened Latin American mother, too frightened to leave her boyfriend; a dying hockey coach who instils confidence in an oppressed youth community; to a little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and an inevitable future with a disposition of hope and willing to cherish every day, and there are those who try to overcome it by sparing all their money and spending all their money at the expense of of those who need it in style. Why it's up to Thomas to sort through the mix and find those who deserve his "gift" is unknown at the beginning, as is the reason why this man, seen in turnovers as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful woman and a huge house by the sea, now living in a motel, driving a smashed car, going door to door to conduct an audit for the IRS. As he says however, "he fell into the job". <br /> <br /> Smith's quest as Thomas is long and painful, tempered by moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the means to help him, he takes his work seriously, excludes people who do not deserve it and tests those who, in his opinion, are worthy. If that means he has to scream and make fun of them, he has to do it. At every step, however, you see the pain in his eyes, the suffering gnawing his soul, making every step towards his destiny, the one as a saint of redemption, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself. . It's a performance worthy of being rewarded and I only wish Smith to make more dramas like this one instead of his gigantic summer action marquees, because, even if they're fun, this guy is too good for them. The man would do better to win an Oscar before finishing, otherwise it will be a joke, at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the distribution is stellar in all areas. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is a perfect handicap with a joie de vivre. His shy smile and his belief in humanity are ubiquitous, whether on the phone, sitting in a restaurant eating his pie, or playing the piano in the park, playing for anyone who wants to listen to him. Elpidia Carrillo, as an abused mother, is fantastic. She shows the difficult evolution from proud to frightened and completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, thus allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like a young woman "once hot", beaten and broken by long stays in the hospital, abandoning almost all life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas Smith that opens her eyes again to become a woman, a free-spirited sexual creature who can simply live without fear of wondering what day will be his last.
