Seven Pounds, it was the movie in which I had just thought that Will Smith was really turning to the movies "I'm going to make you cry". One thing I can give him a ton of credit, the man can cry. As moving as history may be, Will Smith has proven time and time again that he is capable of acting, so why does he take this extremely depressing story? But it's still a good movie. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I got the impression that the big star was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl, since I saw her at the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew that this girl would go far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, and can not wait to see the progress of her career. But she and Will Smith did not really know if they had the good chemistry the film needed to make a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident. was caused by him using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his fiancée. A year after the accident and having left his position as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donated a lung lobe to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he donates part of his liver to a child care worker named Holly. After that, he starts looking for more candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior hockey coach, gives him a kidney, and then gives bone marrow to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before his death, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with a violent boyfriend. Tim leaves his house and enters a local motel taking with him his pet jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and gives him the keys and the passport for his house on the beach. She takes her two children and settles in their new home. Having stolen the references of his brother and making himself known under the name of his brother Ben, he checks the candidates for his last two donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat seller who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to see if he is quick to anger. Ezra stays calm and Tim decides it's worth it. He then contacts Emily Posa, an independent greeting card printer who suffers from heart problems and a rare blood group. He spends time with her, weeds her garden and repairs her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love and decides that his health worsening, he must make a donation. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie that definitely deserves a look, I highly recommend it. rent against the theater. Will Smith makes a good performance, but it's not his best. Most of the film forced him to cry in all scenes, but the last one with him was a doozy. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you to value life and give to those who need it most. Even if he went a little far, it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
