I highly recommend this film to all music fans who are eager to see a musical make a faithful transition from the stage to the screening. Of course, it's long, but its length reflects the fidelity of the original musical scenario. The sets and the distribution make Sweet Apple, Ohio the ideal place. Anne Reinking, protected from the pit, also does a wonderful job with choreographies that give the dances a nice little town of time. <br /> <br /> The casting may seem strange to some, but they are really wonderful (to read "Anonymous" "The comments on the performance of Jason Alexander made me sick.) In fact, his performance literally steals As an Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of maniacal nervousness and charm Dick Van Dyke to create a new and improved Albert, and the fact that he can dance and sing as a personal affair does no harm. More, George Wendt is another remarkable actor who improves Paul Lynde's interpretation of Harry McAffe by making him less manic and more down-to-earth and strict, all his character and body language screaming "on my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes Conrad Birdie's Elvis aspect to new heights with his subtle insertion of a "thank you very much" into "Honestly Honest." His physical appearance is more like the young Elvis, then to Conrad, bloated and stunk, of the movieThe fact is that this film differs so much from the original film (which added happy faces, turtles on speed and Russian ballet !!!) What is the connection between Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? Ann Margret is the only possible advantage of the original version in relation to this one. Otherwise, the update is better in every way possible. Where the old version composed many songs and increased the number of dance jumps where there was no need (and, so to speak, complete the film in the middle of the play), the new version restored the original score and added new things too ("A giant step" being the star in this category). We know how to live in a difficult time, but if you want to forget your worries and put yourself on a happy face, then it's worth it.
