This film is one of the best shorts I have ever seen - and as I make a point of being present at every major film festival, I have seen a lot, especially of what the industry considers "the best". I am not a fan of Monaghan. His acting style generally tends to be exaggerated and uninteresting for me, his only decent performance being in Lost, I usually try to avoid his films. However, I was lucky to see this at a film festival a few years ago and I was completely amazed. This director really knows what she's doing. Of course, you're going to have the trolls (or just the ignorant ones) who do not understand what constitutes a good film and who are tearing up low-budget work because they have no idea what happened in the movie. But fortunately, from what I've seen, they are a minority in this jewel. <br /> <br /> Do not deny that the film was not working on a budget and that some supporting actors could still use the work, because that is certainly true. The value of production is very low, but what can you expect for a first real movie from someone who is still in high school? Imagine for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a little off the acting, the quality of the sound (which made it was not the fault of the filmmaker, I saw it at a festival and the sound was good ... I guarantee to the one who made the DVD itself messed up), and the fact that it was shot in mini-DV, while you stay there? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film are unquestionably flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. It's clear. She can write captivating and captivating scripts better than most Hollywood residents, create a list of shots that perfectly complements this story and bring it to life in a fascinating and creative way that, with this higher budget, could have been awarded . Give him more experienced actors, better post-production, 35mm instead of mini-DV and even the trolls could not complain. This girl is amazing, and knowing that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done an incredible job ever since. That's what the Dreams of an Angel trailer shows. I can not wait to see what she has already done with a higher budget. 9/10 stars, this is the hell of a film from a filmmaker hell.
