Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a murderer for the CIA. He is ordered to go to Turaquistan, a country the United States has "liberated", and to kill a businessman called Omar Shariff. Indeed, the American conglomerate Tamerlane, which rebuilds the country, will not represent Shariff, a tanker from a neighboring state, building his own pipeline via war-torn Turquistan. But once there, Brand encounters difficulties. First, he meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is dismayed to realize that Natalie's pretty face and quick wit instantly and unconsciously forces her to lose focus on her mission. In addition, her coverage as a salon host forces her to meet the country's leading singer, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will be getting married at the convention center. She's a young diva whose wedding preparations are also diverting Brand's attention from the upcoming assassination. Will Brand be able to fulfill his mission, with the satisfaction of the big boss of Tamerlane, the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)? It's good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even if it does not quite fit. Shot in Serbia, it is a look worthy of what must be Iraq today, a country overthrown. In short, the green zone is called "The emerald city" and precisely, because this district, similar to that of the Ozan, tries to avoid the ravages of the war perpetrated elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very good, with Cusack doing a good job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others who support him in style. Duff, in particular, plays an important role as an accented vocal singer, with great makeup and perfect makeup. The recreation of Baghdad, cried out in the war, is so real that it hurts while the costumes and other values ​​of production are of first order. As for the scenario, it is not always coherent, but it certainly includes huge dialogues and scenes. For example, a young boy Turaqui proposes to show Brand an enemy hiding place in exchange for money and sweets. The brand produces money but, since it does not have candies, the boy still burns his vehicle. Brilliant! Then, the direction is not a total success but does not delay very often. No, if you have a conservative penchant, you probably will not like this movie for a moment. But if you have an open mind and want to have a satirical view of the "war on terror", this is a very good series. So make an effort to see it, because you will support filmmakers who choose to make movies away from these "formulas" of old studio.
