On this weekend of July 4th, it is heartening to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave the hand of their hand to King George III, this film hilariously exposes the ridiculous profiteers of the war of the current generation of capitalist creeps who seek to indecently privatize the government, including the war itself. even. <br /> <br /> The casting of this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is wonderful as a draconian and confrontational assassin, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is superb as a lover's interest. (My god, "George Costanza" was right, Marisa Tomei is so seductive!) But it's John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really steals the movie. Her authoritarian, but simultaneously sycophanting, personal assistant portrait is invaluable, and more than once, I could not help but laugh at the brilliance of her performance. She has not only a fantastic comic timing, but her face is as expressive as one might want in an actor. Dan Ackroyd also played a short but very effective role in the film at the head of the war-torn society, Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a "throne" with his pants tucked around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like the donkey clown who currently occupies one of our real thrones of power. You will not have to think too long to recognize this person. Much of this film was shot in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see so much real military material. (You simply know that the US military would never have cooperated to make this satirical presentation of war profiteers.) I especially enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" performed by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene where he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a few lines that could sum up all our foreign policy attitude towards the foreign leaders we install and displace in power. <br /> Of course, this movie will not please everyone. If you think the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the military, the collection and analysis of intelligence, prisons and corrections, public health and a myriad of other government services is a good thing, you may not find much for our taste. this film. If you believe, however, that destroying this people and some countries in order to add to the results of a business is an abomination, I think you will find much to appreciate in this film. Nothing could be more in keeping with the spirit of independence than ridiculing the merits of corrupt powers.
