The plot of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special is its characters (and the actors who play them, of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the film, but I would certainly like to say this ?? This movie is not fair for everyone! The movie is really spiritual and you have to be as smart as you to get all the satire. If you are not alert even for a second, you will probably miss one of the subtle points. The film is full of seemingly trivial but witty things - like the background ads in Turaqistan, the petrol ads (which I almost missed) and they are the ones making the movie hilarious. <br /> As far as actors are concerned, John Cusack played his multi-faceted role very effectively (with which he is also a co-author and producer) and plays his character? Hauser, the killer with a heart ?? deliciously. Cusack has already played a similar role to Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic disposition in the film is simply superb. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals the entire series is Hilary Duff! I have always been a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I heard about the kind of role she plays in the movie. But after watching the movie, the disappointment gave way to a great respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! The girl grows up, but yes, her talent too! All these critics, who shouted in a hoarse voice that Hilary can not act, will remain silent for a moment. Hilary had to play a really complex character ?? rough outside, yet a soft child inside ?? and she has done justice to it completely. She makes you laugh, and she makes you cry ?? to sum up the long story (because I could go on boasting it forever), she is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have also done a good job. Above all, Joan's hysteria is scary! However, I was rather disappointed to see Ben Kingsley lost in such a small role and his performance seemed dull. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. leaves you on the edge of his intelligent humor, and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I highly recommend this movie to all (and even more Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I'm really happy to hear that the movie will be released from its limited release and release soon !!!
