Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is pretty much as his title suggests: The effect of societies on war. <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) heading to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the US government get its message across to the leaders of Turaqistan. He meets a journalist (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen with a single man and a very sexy journalist. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is invoked. While Yonica marries one of the most important characters of Turaquistan (a son of the president), a sub-plot is created on which the mercenary must watch over this star. The film begins with a solitary Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the movie hangs up. With its amusing and intriguing vision of terrorism and politics, the film turns in the passing of time. The film has much more action than expected, with sometimes scenes of war, well-choreographed fights and scenes of sporadic murders. Although the story is not very deep, its simplicity makes the film perfect for the general public and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, simplicity turns very hostile and blurred. I thought it was very well done, but others might not agree, and I could understand why. Twist after twist is the end, and as in most movies, this is a real puzzle. Anyway, the three writers of the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire about the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does a great job in ensuring the film integrity; not to reduce the material to the most redundant of the films (which, I was afraid, would happen). Seftel has designed the film as perfectly as possible: it has created a vibrant atmosphere that examines both harsh reality and caricatural falsities; - contrasting them perfectly - and giving the film the feeling of watching everything. Seftel really get involved in all the action and it pays off completely. No missteps here. Let's hope he has more management positions because he is one of the directors to watch.
