Deanna Durbin, then 14 years old and just under contract with MGM, made a short film in 1936 that paired her with Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first film for both of them. Louis B. Mayer then decided he did not need two young singers competing, bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, launched it in Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to reinforce its role. It is billed last, but with the typographic equivalent of neons around its name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a success and they were right. Three Smart Girls is less a musical comedy than a ball comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the movie came out, wears it with aplomb. It's Penny Craig. She and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who was divorced from their mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a ferocious mother. They travel from Switzerland, where they live, to New York, where their father lives. They are not only planning to break the marriage of their father, but to reunite their father with their mother, who, after ten years apart, still loves this guy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his hot and sumptuous soprano? Nope. Is there any doubt that girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan discovering love and marital documents? No again. Years later, Durbin reportedly declared that he could not continue to play Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has Miss Fixit. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and above all natural. His personality is so authentic that this comedy is a mix of prank, confusion, good intentions and playful greed - downright endearing. <br /> <br /> Durbin wears the film with ease. It's very amusing to see her fend for herself against Binnie Barnes in the role of Donna Lyon, the penniless wife of Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who was not afraid of stealing scenes either. Alice Brady, who played the role of matron in My Man Godfrey, is the mother of Donna Lyons, who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the accomplished jokers is Ray Milland in the role of Lord Michael Stuart, who, by an artificial and amusing confusion, is confused with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls resists a light and funny comedy of ways and mixes. Deanna Durbin is a new star who, thanks to her immense success, has saved Universal's bacon.
