I am surprised at the comments in the posters saying that Jane Powell did the same type of films as Deanna Durbin. Although they were young sopranos whose film images had been designed by Joe Pasternak, if this film is an indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While, in THREE SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," who, after a few setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents, in her "half-remake", THREE DARING DAUGHTERS Jane Powell almost destroyed the marriage of her mother Jeanette MacDonald and her new father-in-law, Jose Iturbi, when she refused to accept him. and forces his younger siblings to reject him too. According to the Durbin and Powell films I saw, I would say that these disparate qualities permeate the first films of these two young talented performers. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it a winner, and the most impressive. Although his sometimes strident and emphatic readings of lines in some of the most energetic scenes clearly show that this is a first film for Deanna, he observed the confident, conscious and naturally effervescent way in which she interpreted her lines. and her overall performances, and, with her submissive and tender attitude, she projects the most serious scenes. You will never guess that this was the FIRST cinematic role of a 14-year-old girl whose previous work experience consisted almost exclusively of a two-year vocal instruction. <br /> <br /> Since this film and Durbin itself were high-profile at the time as "Universal's Last Chance", the production had to be an incredibly stressful situation for a movie starter, but you I never know because of the ease and confidence that Durbin displays on screen. Although she clearly develops her style and actor-like behavior in front of the camera (this was also true for the early shows of much more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects a presence and a Extraordinary heat in front of the camera. is very unique for her and, even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely sympathetic despite the often agitated impulsiveness of her character and, even if it is sometimes acute, it never projects for a second the qualities timid and archy who has afflicted many childish stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who have followed her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all great singing stars, Durbin was much more than a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, if the pure lyric soprano of Durbin is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about it is for her the way she is able to project her songs, without the slightest influence, or "grandnes" Afflige adult opera singing such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in period films. <br /> <br /> The film is also pretty, strongly influenced by ball comedy, it supports Durbin with a cream of the cream of first class professionals like Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. It's true that it's not "realistic", but why would anyone expect it? If you want: rent "realistic" THE RAISINS OF ANGER or TRIUMPH OF WILL. On the other hand, if you're looking for a family-friendly, fun, entertaining and entertaining family comedy with a terrific, charismatic, talented teenage "lead role" and great actors, this movie will not let you down.
