"Twelve monkeys" is strange and disturbing, yet so smart and intelligent at the same time. It cleverly oscillates between the future and the past and tells the story of a man named James Cole, a convict, who is sent back in the past to gather information about a virus created by the man who eliminated 5 billion from the human population on the planet in 1996. In the beginning, Cole is sent back in 1990 by accident. Unfortunately, he is taken to a psychiatric facility where he tries to explain his purpose and meets a psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, who tries to help him. he and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Provocative and somewhat sensitive, dealing with reason and madness, this film is a true masterpiece of the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The story is fantastic. It's so original and so fun. The screenplay itself by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a film called "The Pier" (1962) that I have never seen, but I want to thank the director and screenwriter of the film, Chris Marker, for to have given such inspiration to the writers of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a little about "The Pier", it's not the same story but it has the same idea, so it's not a copy. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great source of inspiration into a modernized story, which tells of the urgent need to find a solution to maintain human existence and does it so beautifully and realistically that it is a Guaranteed trip. from beginning to end. The music used in the film is strange and so funny and funny that it does not fit until you really understand it and when you realize it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, who we remember as Monty Python, as director of the film was a real surprise to me, because I never really thought as a director. I know he has already made films, but I really could not believe he could do something so beautiful. This should not be a surprise, however, as it does an amazing job. You can still feel the same strangeness as in Python, but for me, the staging is almost perfect, although its strange way of describing things also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, strange, weird and disturbing, which also makes the movie a bit heavy, so weak viewers will probably have trouble watching the movie from start to finish. It's not as heavy as you could imagine, but it simply contains some things that are sometimes very difficult to monitor. Despite this, the film contains this pure intelligence and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, it mixes the whole story in a very intelligent way and does not even complicate the plot, even if after all he needs the concentration of the spectator. <br /> <br /> Regarding the actors' game, the film does not even go wrong. The role of James Cole is played by the mighty Bruce Willis, who has probably done his best performance yet. Now, people may not agree with me, as he did a good job in "The Sixth Sense", for example, but for me, James Cole's role was so ideal for Willis and he plays it incredibly well. The character is very well written too, even better interpreted. Cole begins to wonder about his own existence and is about himself, over his real life time, trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. Through hardship, he begins to lose confidence in himself, wondering if he can even trust himself or believe himself. Also worthy of mention are the role performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychiatrist of James Cole, who sees something strange familiar to Cole and decides to help him cope with his madness. She is beginning to believe Cole's story, but as a strong supporter of science, she tries to find solutions and tries to deal with reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he also performs one of his best role performances to date. The crazy and hilarious personality of the character even earned Pitt an Oscar nomination. So I guess I will not brag about the honestly fabulous show for nothing. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. It features brilliant characters and superb role-playing, including Willis and Pitt, as well as an original and entertaining story that is as intelligent as it is intelligent. Yet, being already mentioned, what is strange and disturbing captures the viewer's attention by making it interesting and spiritual. It's also an explosive thriller and there's romance in it, so it's all in the same package and it's one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen. Thanks to Terry Gilliam's strange and fantastic vision, he manages to keep himself in balance despite a somewhat chaotic but stable ride. Hard to explain really, but it's like that, it's amazing.
