The story of this film is truly remarkable. A virus broke loose and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that animals dominate the earth and there are posters everywhere that say, "Twelve Monkeys did it." That's right, the human race had to hide from the disease that had killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently, the animals do not contract this disease. Day after day, the current scientist tries to discover the type of disease that caused it; how was it created if nature had done it or a mere human being had created it? All they know is that there is a group of animals running in a city above them. The deaths began in 1996-97 and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) So, a current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get samples from above. After doing his "volunteer" work, he is invited back in 1996 to understand what has happened to the world. Cole agrees and the story of the twelve monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> Throughout history, the time machine has been wrong many times, from 1990 to sometime in the 1950s. (In the middle of a war.) Throughout the trip, it starts to ruin James in the head and it distorts the story. The whole story is very well done and I would give it a higher score if there was no end. Personally, I did not like the end of the film and I was very disappointed. I was expecting a more explicit end than what had happened, but not everyone thinks that way. So, I gave him an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give him a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the whole game of the movie, I give him an A + . Bruce Willis is great for this role and he does well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His game is so great, he enters the character so well. I was never really interested in Brad Pitt until I saw him in this club and Fight Club. There characters or similar in this movie, it's just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So overall, I think this movie is quite interesting to watch. For most people, it's a great sci-fi movie, I do not think it's a masterpiece.
