Normally, I try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as I can, because it's just not a genre I really like. Swords of light, UFOs, extraterrestrials, time travel ... most of the time, it's nothing for me. However, there is a film of the kind that I will always give a place in my list of the best films and it is this "Twelve Monkeys". I remember being completely blown away the first time, but even now, after having seen him many times already, I'm still one of his biggest fans. Whenever I see it, this movie seems to get better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all people live in hiding, as an unknown and deadly virus killed five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1% of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to gather information on the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was transmitted by a mysterious group called "The Twelve Monkeys" and need the virus before it is mutated for scientists to study. But their time machine still does not work perfectly and he is accidentally sent in 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist and expert in psychiatry. virus ... <br /> <br /> What I like about this movie is that it's never clear if everything you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion created in the mind of a man suffering from mental illness or is it real? Does he really have a future and can he really travel back in time? Has the population really been destroyed by a virus released by the Twelve Monkeys army? These are all questions that will leave you puzzled from start to finish. If the directors of this film had chosen to make it all more obvious, I'm sure I would never have liked it as much as now. It's just this mysterious that interests me more and more. But that's not the only good thing about this movie of course. The game is amazing too. Normally, I'm not too fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. With Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won several awards because, with this incredible story, they have made this movie work incredibly well. <br /> <br /> Even after several screenings, I'm still big fan of this movie. Apart from this film, I only saw another film by Terry Gilliam entitled "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which was not so bad, but that did not really convince me either. However, it is this film that really makes me look forward to his other work. I give him a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
