Terry Gilliam's and David Peoples 'teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative sci-fi movies of the' 90s. People proved a scenario with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time ?? I particularly like the idea that you can not change the past; it's a good counterpoint to so many traveling films that say the opposite ?? holocausts and the dividing line between mental health and madness. Gilliam visualized her ideas with a unique quirk, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is engaging: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heartwarming performance) goes through several decades retrieving information about a virus that has wiped out humanity and does not has left only a few survivors living underground: with the information it will collect, scientists hope to find a treatment that will allow everyone to come to the surface. But because their temporal technology is not perfect, it ends up being sent to different past and complicating things. The result is a brilliant sci-fi thriller with nuances of film noir, as multiple pieces of a huge puzzle begin to come together to form a strange narrative involving animal rights activists, the paranoia of the end millennium, biological weapons, the perception of reality and the definition of mental health. With such a complex film, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but instead, Twelve Monkeys is a stimulating story that will please those who love the challenges and the patience to enjoy crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once about 10 years ago. This marked me a lot: I still remember thinking of several days later; for my young mind, it seemed pretty amazing and it was one of the first films to make me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I saw this film a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt always steals all the scenes in which he is, playing Jeffrey Goines ?? almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in Fight Club ?? a rich child with anarchist / nonconformist ideas who is also crazy and, according to Cole, may be responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the house of madness are the best of the film. Pitt's eyes, voice, and odd mannerisms convince you that he's really a crazy man locked in a twisted logic that he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well deserved! The performance of Bruce Willis was also surprising: I did not remember it very well, but she is beautiful and full of sensitivity. He is a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he returns to the past, you will share his childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing in the fresh morning air or watching the sun rise. . Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples tried to impregnate him with darkness and he makes other disturbing things for others and for himself: the scene where he clears his teeth reveals how much his dementia has remained uncontrolled . Ironically, Cole did not start as a crazy character, but when he warned everyone of the end of the world, he is considered crazy and convinced that everything is in his head until he arrives at a moment when he can no longer distinguish the past from the future. , reality of fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it works perfectly. One of the amusing aspects of narration is when Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychoanalyst, finds the undeniable proof that he is truly of the future and must now convince him again of his mission to save the world. The screenplay is full of strange twists like this and keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also benevolent, although perhaps a bit compressed for the sake of time. But I loved watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then, things end in a tragic / bitter-sweet climax at an airport, wrapping all the rooms, which will blow many minds. <br /> <br /> There are two big endings in this movie, a twist in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate ending where Railly is squatting next to Cole who has just been shot and looking for a young James Cole who witnesses the death of his future self; The two share a brief look and she smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer this ending for emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe plays very well with Dr. Railly, she drew different emotions from my performance. The film is fatalism and thinks that the past can not be changed: this film shows it in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, the way Jake Gittes disturbs everything, the more he tries to help. The character of Railly shares this fatalism, plus she tries to help Cole ?? first take care of his "madness" then help him in his mission ?? the more they are dragged into a tragedy. <br /> <br /> The turn ends on a note of hope, however, with the feeling that Cole's mission has not been in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a good movie to watch if you want to be entertained. it's not supposed to be art, although it's more artists than a lot of artistic films. It is an unpretentious film where all the elements, from music to editing, through the creation of costumes, etc., combine wonderfully to produce a masterpiece of modern cinema.
