Undoubtedly, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best science-fiction films and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger to such cinematic originality. An apocalyptic film that keeps you completely in suspense, 12 MONKEYS never lets go of anything and lets you guess from start to finish. The excellent use of netherworld locations and decorations in Philadelphia creates a Gothic sense of tragedy and two people are arrested in the wrong place. everything that will happen. In reality, he is sane, but the people of the future (or present if you want) distort this guy's head so badly over time travels, so it's no wonder he's detonating . He is sent to the First World War just after Beng was sent to the wrong year to discover how the Twelve Monkey Army manages to annihilate civilization as we know it. They finally got it right and in a truly remarkable scenario at the height of the performance, we see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt doing cross references over the last six years. <br /> <br /> Stowe is sensual and strong like the risk-taker and slowly begins to realize that Willis may not be as crazy as he seems. A captivating element of the relationship between her and Willis is their sense of "seeing each other" before, in another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is essentially a matter of time and madness in which futuristic peoples and the present time plunge, when killers and a psychotic genius can change the world. <br /> <br /> The city of Philadelphia is dark and dark. Gothic context of the difficult situation of Willis to carry out its mission which, contrary to all the usual Hollywood stereotypes, is not to save the world. He gathers information. The film also plays tricks on the viewer, placing Willis in a new downward decor. It must have been an extremely difficult picture, but Gilliam seems to be the master of hard film making. He even falls into a humor that is reminiscent of other great works such as TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is the canvas of this man and he can paint a sometimes terrifying image of the world and its possible future in the traditional atmosphere of big budget movies. If you want sincere madness and an ironic tragedy, see 12. MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> NOTE: 9 out of 10
