The stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed since the dawn of time, since the very creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for the future of tomorrow and that our own abuses and refusal to see what is right in front of our eyes are at the center of all these stories, good or bad. bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is of course a natural for this kind of film. It gives an impression of decadence to the film, showing a society plagued by its own excesses and giving off a feeling of impending tragedy despite moments of comedy. His world, the world in which DOUBLE MONKEY MONKEY is sweating, is a place where madness is unleashed, where cities collapse into ruins and oblivion, where everything exudes sadness despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness is looming on every corner. It's a very dark film, but its best, the most linear (despite the intricacies of the plot that resist the exam), and that improves with repeated viewing. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a virus unleashed itself on humanity in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of life on the planet as we have known it. It pushes the scientists of the future to try to repair the fate of humanity on Earth by employing renegade citizens - the scum of the Earth - as guinea pigs to go back in time, among them a James Cole (minimized by Bruce Willis ). Cole could be anyone. We do not know anything about him, but in a way it does not matter because he is little more than one of the many expendable volunteers and allusions to his character sneaking away later as he is preparing to fulfill his mission. What we do know is that he is a dreamer and his dreams may have been a reality: he may already have been at the scene of the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> > It is this constant feeling of déjà vu that continues to appear throughout the film. When he was mistakenly taken to a psychiatric ward in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (played dramatically by Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt), who frantically tells stories about misfortune and destruction, and later Cole thinks he has seen Goines in his recurring dream. man pushing a boy to the side while escaping ... what? He does not know. Later, he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions to him is that he is crazy and that she has already seen him. It becomes a common notion throughout her participation in this story of passive / resistant to an active and even a little crazy believer that Something Terrible comes from that side, especially when she meets him six years later: she has already saw Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream that he always has in which she also plays a role as a blonde woman running down the aisle, shouting for help, after gunshots have been heard and that a particularly red-haired man in a ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) has apparently escaped, not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent bystander. The questions are: did these events take place? Will they arrive? Who really is a part of it, or better still, is everyone, even the smallest player, part of a major plot? Or is it all a trick in the fabric of time in which time is in itself a huge conveyor belt showing repetitions of fragments of events that slip over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterly sequence that includes key scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece, VERTIGO, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her brief existence ("You n ' you've done nothing, "she says, as Cole and Railly look from their seats in the movie theater in which they are hiding.) VERTIGO fragments of dialogue defeat Railly and Cole's dialogue. wakes up after falling asleep at the theater and looking for Railly, he finds himself face to face with a disguise (looks almost like Eva Maria Saint of NORTH BY NORTHWEST) while the inflated score of Bernard Herrmann plays the emergence of Judy Barton , dressed in Madeleine Elster, is a fascinating sequence, especially because of the most unlikely occurrence of the names of the actors in the two films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly wearing a blonde wig and a trench coat Grey and is called "Judy Simmons" while helping a "crazy" man named James Cole; James Stewart plays the role of a detective trying to help Madeleine Madeleine "senseless". She will come back not once, but twice, first as brunette Judy Barton, then Madeleine. Action and re-action, play and replay.
