I'm kidding, I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and I heard about the movie. Some good and some bad, but it was one of those movies that you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt as if for a minute it would be one of those movies that I had to watch many times. But I watched it last night and was really impressed. This film had all that was needed: action, drama, science fiction, history, black humor and even a little romance. The actors have all done a great job, I want to thank Bruce. During his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he really touched me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at the quality of his work. He did not exaggerate his character, who was crazy, and just made it work and was extremely believable. The story was scary, but very good and the wake up call. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man of the future where a virus has broken out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population has survived, including him. The animals are now dominating, while humans are descending, but scientists have sent James back to 1990 (which meant sending him in 1996) to learn about information about the virus. James is placed in a mental institution to meet his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mentally ill patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course that nobody believes him, he returns to the future. But the scientists send him back to the happy new year, where the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he tells him more and believes him. Now, they are determined to prevent the virus from occurring. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an amazing movie. As I said, the story was so scary just because it's not at all hard to believe we're not far from that. But the whole movie was great, the cast, the sets, just the whole movie was superb. There was a sensation of Terminator type: we could lose something precious one day, ourselves if we did not listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a fantastic movie that, if you give it a chance, you'll like it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
