An intriguing and daring film combines with the camera a superb cast and an explosive soundtrack that traces the harmful effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on two naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> The newcomer Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in the nightclub belonging to the face of the new mini-wave of the Chilean film, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, played brilliantly by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's main henchman after a party at the strip club celebrating the seventeenth birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). Since the shooting of this opening scene, the film explodes in a Neo-Black exploration of everything the outside world usually does not expect to see in this country so stereotypical conservative and Catholic. <br /> <br /> The seductive charms of Gracia attract the three men like honey bees, although the circular narrative of the three-way fantasy novel revolves around the linear representation of important international drug deals between the men of Trejo and the "Gringo", Eduardo Barril. Power relations become a vital theme, as the outsiders of society merge into a mini-family. The prostitute exercising an exotic spell on all Chilean men in the film, emerging from its ambiguous position on the periphery of society, is considered the key to the future of the three men. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes important as the parents of the boys are noticeable by their absence (it is assumed that they still live in Temuco). So it is Trejo, el padrino, who "adopts" Cantillana and actually "does" it as a man of the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate foreigner, while her dependence on her "father figure", Cantillana, becomes more and more tense by the jealousy aroused by the beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped in the stress of being still in school - he depends on Cantillana, who depends on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the thumb of "Gringo" and his fortune has been accumulated through drug trafficking and striptease clubs. The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb considered as a beautiful fireworks. It envelops a network of beauty within the patriarchate, but tension can only lead to one climax. <br /> <br /> As the tensions of these power relations are created in the head, Gracia remains ambiguous elusive. The viewer never knows to which male character she will engage. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout that realigns power relations and erases half of the major male protanganists. The last shot of Miranda's battered face on the PanAmericano highway is desperately strong. The boy was sucked into the underground world of the city, but lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. He has nothing The dominant metaphors are bold and courageous. It's a gangster movie in Chile. The notions of family, of absence of sex before marriage, etc., are abolished and the harsh realities of the other side of the currency of Santiago are displayed in all their wild glory. Trejo brutally beats Rios, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater - a whore who fucks with a minor she barely knows. The "gringos" seem to have a financial hold on this small Latin American nation, but not by the copper mines, but by the illegal way of drugs. <br /> <br /> The triumph of Waissbluth is in his presentation of this dark underworld. , which raises so many social issues, perhaps more than Sexo Con Amor, which breaks a record of success, in the context of a film sparkling, which firmly places this film alongside Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, as cinematographic evidence that Chile is alive and well in the post-transitional period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
