Director / screenwriter Andrés Waissbluth worked for seven years to complete this two-hour film on clandestine crime in Santiago de Chile. This may be one of the reasons why the resulting film seems episodic and needs to be mounted. OR, it may be the technique of a director who shows a keen sense of narration in a film noir. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio the eldest (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the youngest (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio works to support Victor's education. On the occasion of Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio takes the virgin to clubs where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a tender scene, Victor faces his nascent helplessness while Silvio is in the club and impresses the "owners" with his recruiting potential. <br /> <br /> Silvio will work for the "gang" as a bodyguard / henchman and earns a lot of money to support Victor's schooling. But Victor stares at one of the club's dancers named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts courting her, dropping out of school, causing Silvio's angry disappointment. It turns out that Gracia is the stronghold of the leader of the gang, Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), the boss of Silvio! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together because she is the mistress of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual and the consequences of this strange three-person household have deadly consequences. Through a way to trace the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we come to understand the vulnerabilities and flaws of each character that allow the fall that results. <br /> <br /> A Chilean fiction? Well, that's the case and the film is filmed in a dark and colorful way with a lot of frontal nudity (feminine and masculine) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, it is the sensual aspect of the director's vision that animates this film, successfully playing on the virginal psyche of beginners against the hardcore professional prostitute. The distribution is quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are enough twists and reruns of incidents to make you think you've understood the first viewing, but their impact changes drastically when you say it through the eyes of a different character. At the limit of two hours, a judicious editing would have contributed to the impact of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the edgy black movie style and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
