I had not seen this film for probably 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it was going to be televised (cable) for the first time in a very long time (it is not available on video), I I made sure I did not miss it. And unlike so many other movies that seem to lose their luster when they're finally re-viewed, I found the Pride of the Marines images as vivid and effective as I remembered them first. . What makes this film so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his crewmate of the Navy during the Battle of the Tenaru River at Guadalcanal in November 1942, the scenario remains true to his 95% book, "Al Schmid, Roger Butterfield's Marine, varying only enough to meet the time constraints of a movie. It's not a typical "war movie" where action is central, and the war scene only lasts about ten minutes in the middle of the film. But it's 10 minutes memorable, filmed in the darkest light that is to describe a night battle, and devoid of heroic simulacra or falseness that usually torment the genre. Probably ahead of its time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to make the public understand the brutal, ugly and brutal nature of a battle, and probably shocked when the fight took place just after the war. This film does not speak of "glorifying" the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing this battle scene and WANT to enlist in the service. Not right now, anyway. <br /> <br /> The interest of this movie is in the aftermath of the fight and how injured men can learn to recover their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this, and I think that's another reason the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well written. There is a sequence of "dreams" made in reverse (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and the acting is also strong, directed by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and that of Schmid were about the same. Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as possible about the man and his role. The actors are not doing much now, but adding the equation is just another reason why this film manages to tell such a difficult and unattractive story.
