In the field of movies based on scenarios of any field whatsoever (or whatever the title of this Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it is better for the author to create the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a screenplay to save his life, ask the author and someone skilled in the scriptwriting field to create it. Apart from that, this review is about "holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and a spoiler can be found in. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent writer and he happens to write a screenplay. I watched the movie and then read the book and the two did not feel the inconsistency or stupidity. Some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums. (2) Shia LaBeouf is awarded the prize for best performance for her role as main character. He dug himself into the role. I wanted to see his character validated before the conclusion. (3) To raise a little suspense, Andrew Davis was brought. This is the man who forced Harrison Ford to run hard and run fast. It can also break Steven Seagal's head. As for this film, he had dig holes in Shiites and other boys. In other words, he can make a movie "action packed" and succeed even if "action" is not the main genre, it is not "action". (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes an awkward role brings out the best of an interpreter. When Voight pronounced the line "Once upon a time ...", I had to laugh for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should investigate some additional roles that allow him to exert that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very strong every time he is given a solid script. This is probably the second best role in which I saw it (second after "O Brother Where Th Thou?"). (6) I like the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know California was so dry or sterile. I guess the population and the land area figures can be misleading. (7) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One could only imagine digging a hole in this barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the distribution should also deserve a box of Kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were tuned in because of their talents and it went very well. Excellent distribution, even if it was anywhere near the set. (9) I like a movie that explains nothing right away. When Stanley got the ball in the head with these baseball-studded shoes, it made me want to see how strange the events could be and it's a vital ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) must make some of these mature juvenile films. It was acceptable to me and I am a student. The last mature juvenile movie I saw at Disney was "Something nasty, it works" and "Holes" perhaps surpasses it (as in the 2000 election, it is still too close to be called) . Disney can do wonders if he decides to develop this kind of music and keeps the artistic spirit in mind when he treats a cash cow when he sees it. Ten reasons give ten! <br /> <br /> In total, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of this year's best (admittedly, this movie may not be an Oscar, but whoever said that Oscar material is the best material?). As far as being a movie from a book I read, it is listed behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is at the top). To be a movie I saw in 2003, it's in the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel at Harry's head and carries the last fatal blow with a smelly sneaker on Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because it informs and entertains. Here ends my rant!
