And I am serious! Really one of the most fantastic movies I have ever had the pleasure of watching. What is wonderful is that a good book rarely turns into a film that is not only good, but also, if possible, better than the novel on which it was based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it is a rare event indeed. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped the masses, so the film stays close to the story, but pushes it even further. This film contains many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique and original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature advantage. 2. brilliant actors. Adults and children, these actors know how to give life to the story and tell their lines with enthusiasm and style, without going too far, as sometimes happens with children's movies. 3. Breathtaking landscapes. And whether it's real or not, the frame itself is a masterpiece. I particularly like the image of the holes seen as the crow flies. 4. A talented director who breathes life into the book and makes it a technicolor genius. Transitions in time work well and capture the stable climax of the book, leading to twists and turns throughout the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read a book without stopping from beginning to end so that I could not let him down. He makes sure that the script stays true to the book, with new elements added to make it even better. 6. And speaking of the script! The one-liners in this area are smart, fun and not communicative. But there are also elements to make you smile, make you cry and pull your heart to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a song in this movie that I have not fallen for, and it's something considering that I'm supposed to be a punk-rocker. The songs are well linked to the story and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you are planning to buy the film, I also recommend buying the soundtrack, especially for "If Only," which is story-centric and contains the chorus of the book. <br /> <br /> I do not work for the people who made Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, plugging in my favorite movie and giving it the criticism it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. This very moment. Go!
