Holes is a fable about the past and how it affects the present life of at least three people. I will name one of them, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. Unlucky, in fact, characterizes the fate of most Yelnats men and since then has been Stanley IV's feat "no good-dirty-rotten-pork-flying-great-great-great-grandfather". These particular exploits have cursed the men of the family to an unhappy turn. That's when we meet Stanley IV. He was wrongfully accused of stealing a pair of freshly donated baseball shoes at a homeless shelter auction by a famous baseball player. He is given the option of imprisonment or he can go to a character building camp. "I had never been camping before," says Stanley. With that, the judge sends him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy: `If you take a bad boy, have him dig a hole every day the hot sun will make him a good boy . We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Mr. Sir (John Voight), one of the "camp counselors". We immediately feel that he is a dangerous man. He at least wears his attitude honestly; he does not think he's nice. The camp counselor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson), is a totally different question. He plays the caring and thoughtful adviser, but he is quick, faster than anyone in authority, to unleash the cruelest criticism of his accusations. The director has a decided capacity for malice, but other than that, she is a mystery. These three govern the Green Lake camp, a place that has no lake. It's just a dry, dusty desert filled with holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. Its local fauna seems to be only vultures and dangerous lizards with yellow peas. Green Lake seems to be, in many ways, a haunted place. <br /> <br /> Holes works despite the strange setting and history because it includes people. Especially because it's honest in his treatment of Green Lake camp inmates. The film shows how boys interact perfectly. It's about how boys can harass each other, how they can gain admiration, how they fight each other and how boys relate to each other all the time. age. It is this well-rounded core that makes the rest of the film believable. What is also refreshing in this film is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter in the face of the infamous exploits of his "no good-flight-rotten-stolen pig-great-great grandfather". In fact, he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and decided not to affect him in the same way as his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the film, but not a lot of distressing nonsense. And that is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is an intelligent, insightful and witty family film. It's entertaining, and not cheap. It's not a comedy, even if she's laughing. He dares to be convincing, where many family films tend to play in a safe and conventional way. As such, it transcends family film genres and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give him a 10.
