Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the very city to which you have allegiance. It's this wheezing arrogance, which you ironically claim the film breathes about SF, makes you feel like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you think the film was so good to SF is that you're jealous. Of course, you do not know because you are so jaded. First, the film was completely factual about a beautiful city; what was filmed there and what was filmed by some of its most famous inhabitants. It does not hurt anything in Los Angeles; and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city on LA. They admit having attended a film school in Los Angeles and are obviously proud of this fact. They recognize that SF is close to Los Angeles, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that was said about Los Angeles, was about the studio directors. The same studio executives who hated these guy movies when they first saw them, but those same movies then became huge movies around the world. So why would not they have animosity towards the school and the studio system? They are the only people they are trying to "disassociate" and for good reason! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so-called" director of San Francisco? How not to be considered like that? And who directed the godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on screen that earned him the prize for the best image. So what gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he did not even want to make the film ... so what is your goal? What if Sophia wants to live in Los Angeles? And that proves your point how? And tell me how they are not really independent when they finance a lot of their own movies. Movies that are now considered classics. And when they made films with studio backdrops, it was LA who contacted them and told them we wanted you to make these pictures, and two, they used the money they earned in financing his own. They said exactly that in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your cries of congratulation and self-congratulation would take on an air of greater respect and credibility if you never stepped on the floor if you claim to be superior to this film." /> <br /> How on earth can "bastard" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of respect and credibility ... if they never return to Los Angeles? What a stupid and insane comment! You've written big words here .... and you do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed or implied that they were superior to LA! And if we gave a price to a guy from New York to LA ... again, what do you mean? So, whether they go to Los Angeles or New York, they are hypocrites by simply preferring to live on SF? It does not mean anything. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself, its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film was only about one aspect: the making of a movie. Take the time to type such unpleasant comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and its people) only proves what we Californians in the North hate LA people! IT IS A BIG DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO SOMEONE.
