I went to Deathtrap hoping for a well orchestrated and intriguing thriller; and although that sounds like what this movie is; I can not help but think that this is only the Sleuth of a poor man. The 1972 classic film is obviously an inspiration for this film; not particularly in terms of intrigue, but it is certainly the case for the execution. The casting of Michael Caine in the central role only confirms it. The film is based on a play by Ira Levin (who already wrote Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl; a playwright whose best days are behind him. After his last game bombs, Sidney is at the lowest. and that does not help anything when a play called Deathtrap written by an amateur, he taught, comes to his door. Deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success, and Sidney is soon beginning to prepare his own plot. which involves inviting the amateur scribe, killing him, then passing him Deathtrap as his own work. <br /> <br /> Despite all its clever twists; Deathtrap comes across a main element, and these are the characters. The movie does not provide a single friendly character and it is very difficult to take care of the story when you do not encourage any of the players. It's not helped by the acting. Michael Caine performs a fun and entertaining performance as one would expect, but no one else is proud. Christopher Reeve is clumsy in his role, while Dyan Cannon manages to make the only possibly detestable friendly character with a frankly irritating performance. It's a chance when the story is good; and that's about enough to save the movie. The plot has a lot of twists; some work better than others, but there is always enough to keep the film interesting. The director Sidney Lumet also deserves congratulations because the style of the film is an additional asset. The central location is interesting in itself and the cinematography is well suited to the film. Overall, I must admit that I enjoyed this movie. but it could have been much, much better.
