To create a good and solid story of mystery, it is a question of timing, but also of intrigues, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with crossword puzzles impossible to finish Sunday in the New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too much time to solve stops being fun. The best mysteries of murder, whether on film or printed, are small business that go straight to the point, spell their clues, align their suspects and, hopefully, zap with some surprises; be complicated without being unduly confusing. And they just play; in the second, third, and fourth viewing of clues and red herrings, we should be equally happy to marvel at how far everything is going in the same way we were surprised to be surprised. Indeed, good thrillers should improve after repeated viewing as we anticipate double and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's comedic DEATHTRAP thriller from Ira Levin's hit Broadway is a great example. He moves slowly, skillfully juggling his clues, he is (almost) totally honest with us (even when he lies to us) and never reveals where he is going (even when he tells us where he might go). It is less a mystery film of traditional shooter murder than a film about the mysteries of murder, taken from a drama play. Rather than going back - a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything has happened - DEATHTRAP guides us step by step through the crime (s), thus leaving all the room for the unexpected; as the ads suggest, it's less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (rather strange, rather strange) to SLEUTH versions in games and movies, although it actually has much more in common with SCREAM, the mocking test on teeny-bopper horror movies. . Like this clever film, DEATHTRAP is a thriller, sets its parameters ("a moneymaker to a character and five characters"), then deconstructs its genre by revealing itself as "the most challenging set of circumstances". wacky and ridiculous "entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend disbelief". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP boldly unveils a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Prisoner's Lawyer is primarily to exhibit (and provide us with his penchant for folkloric charm) and Irene Worth is all weird and comical relief as a psychic-detective who acts as a nominal detective.This leaves three main characters to be the or the murderers and / or the victim (s): This is proof of Michael Caine's abilities: as Sidney Bruhl, mystery writer who plays his own luck, he creates a character who is intrinsically loved and trusted, even though we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. As his adorable, though slightly wealthy, wife, Myra, Dyan Cannon flirts with passing by giving a roller coaster ride a performance with a character who looks frail or domineering, cunning or hysterical, shy or daring and uncompromising lover of a Sidney less than reciprocal. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a young playwright by the name of Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, so that we never know exactly who his character is: enthusiastic writer, first generation member, almost innocent victim or sociopath sneaky charm. As the different characters dance around each other, the cleverly gilded script adapted by the easy scribe Jay Presson Allen manages to be fun, even if it creates suspense. And even after the final turn (an improvement over the final of the play), it's hard to know who manipulated who to do what. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a master of comedy. gives his skilled cast the opportunity to give body to the characters and they all give a net work, theatrical and subtle, with special attention for Reeve. But what Lumet does so well is to work skilfully in tight spaces. As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY MEN, he plays a game and, with a minimum of openness, manages to bring out what could have been cramped, stagnant and stagnant, infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a converted country house from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, he manages to be both comfortable and charming, as well as phantasmagorical and treacherous. It's so hard to tell where the studio set and the real country house transcend borders, that to a certain extent the setting becomes a sixth character. And as a crime scene, it is a very attractive death trap.
