Having already seen the abridged form presented by David Shepard, I finally found a full version - or almost complete, lasting about 56 minutes, compared to the 30-minute version distributed more widely. The Shepard print for Image Entertainment is certainly top notch, and the best parts are there, but it's still good to see the rest of the movie and fill in some loose bits of history. <br /> <br /> In the Shepard print, the movie ends with Mary stating, "You see, I changed my mind - I never go home." Yet, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship shortly after this scene ?? Mary goes home to the country ?? and Driscoll renews his relationship with Vivian. This additional sequence develops the character Vivian, which had little relevance in the version of Shepard. In addition, in its full version, the film begins in the New Jersey countryside with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed by the reality of Johnny Applebloom's progress (a character completely absent from the Shepard version), but after her affair with Driscoll, she returns home to presumably become a farmer's wife. <Br/> <br /> Whatever the engraving, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good little film from 1917, directed by one of the greatest directors of the 1910s, Maurice Tourneur. In this film, Turner makes a lot of blows in his own business, including making a caricature of himself - the director of the film "In the film". The two protagonists also offer quality performances according to the standards of the cinema: Robert Warwick, actor playing the role of a star of the skirt, and Doris Kenyon, an ingenuous aspiring to play an ingenuous on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referential films, which put filmmaking at the center of these films, were no longer new. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years earlier with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. Several aspects of it stand out however. The subtitles of Frances Marion are humorous, including illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with a hand that directs them - remarkable for 1917. I particularly liked the final title cards of the film where two observers notice the happy ending of the film: "Gee but it's not that Romantick!" And the other responds: "Romance, crazy! It's moving images!" Writer-writer Anita Loos made the same self-referential conclusion to another 1917 film 'Wild and Woolly'. Both writers have helped to change the role of their professions in the business world and the arts. <br /> <br /> Some of the photographs of Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially with regard to the cinematographic activity. The use of mirrors in several scenes significantly enhances the film's self-reflexivity. Moreover, the editing is exceptional. The fast cut during studio scenes is particularly salient; it serves to punctuate the frenetic pace at which filmmakers work, especially at the time.
