Riff Randell is a madly obsessed fan of the rock band. The Ramones and most of the school's students are too. Mrs. Togar, the director's new aunt, thinks that rock'n'roll has a bad influence on students, especially on the music of The Ramones. So when Riff finds out that they are performing in town, she spends a few days in class getting tickets for herself and her friends. But when Ms. Togar discovers why she really took those days off, she confiscates the tickets. Although this happens, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Kate Rambeau, a friend of Riff, feels the same for Tom. But Riff only watches the lead singer Joe Ramone and hopes to be able to attend this concert to get them to play his song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yeah, that's it 'Rock n Roll High School' does not stray from its main objective ?? a raucous hubbub, daggy! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. All the participants in this dandy project have the impression of having a good time and the relaxing nature of this show is displayed on screen, the energy released by this resplendent spirit that makes it an invaluable experience. That's not to say that I think his art and plot are as useless as possible. But looking at this passionate and crazy ride that degenerates into a very good abnormal abnormal lumps, I just could not erase the smile on my face. It's nerdy, very corny, densely chaotic, but damn it's funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low budget and category B film by producer Roger Corman and John Dante was co-screenwriter (and he also co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of filming ). It's basically a glorious homage to 1950s rock movies, sticking to the blistering clichés and throwing the beacon of adolescent rebellion into the stew because of the generation gap between them and the adults (who always know better ). These features may not be particularly cool, but they do attract a bit more due to dynamic and dynamic processing. The film has only one idea in mind: go out with fanfare! And they manage to do it. Courtesy of 'The Ramones', which plays itself. Really, we could say that it is a big video clip in the mode, since it is the Ramones ?? Well, most of all, anyway. I see a lot of panic about the Ramones' acting ability. They are musicians and not actors, which means that it is not their role here, it is the music we are supposed to dig. They are here to play! Which deliver to this place with pieces of kick ass that enamelled the film to create a totally optimistic atmosphere. Especially their flamboyant concerts. The animated soundtrack also contained killer tunes from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jump tracks fit well into the carefree atmosphere and even the score was pretty well worked. Especially in the scenes involving Mrs. Togar with the score that captures the good mood that surrounds it. The playful atmosphere of the film resembles a roller coaster with such a racy look between electrifying tunes and comic scenes ranging from scattered burlesque routines to sometimes clever dialogues. A variety of light and heavy gags was added, which pleased me a lot and gave him more leeway to express himself. <br /> <br /> For the film to be more challenging, it needed the divine PJ Soles (best known for his Halloween performance), which had a performance as spectacular as the Riff Randell peach. Other outstanding performances include Dey Young, Kate Rambeau, extremely cute, Vincent Van Patten, Tom Gawky, and Eagle to Man, Eaglebauer, beautifully played by Clint Howard. Mary Woronov, who is excellent as a demanding Mrs Togar and who pushes her unjust reign over the students, Paul Bartel as Mr McGree and a small supporting role of Dick Millar. The enthusiastic game is pretty campy, but the content of this film is satisfactory and there is some sympathy that stems from these characters, but we totally despise Ms. Togar and her crazy room monitor. <br /> The bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is an intoxicating growl, a radiant time!
