The brain that died was considered so unpleasant in 1959 that several cuts and three years were needed before it was published in 1962. Today, it is hard to imagine how anyone could have taken it seriously, even in 1959; the thing is both obscure and obscene, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a deeply cumbersome manner. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, is about a physician experienced in limb transplantation - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he rushes to his secret lab. With a few phone cords, a few tongs and what looks like a shallow baking dish, he gives it his head. But is she grateful? Not hardly. In fact, she seems upset by everything, especially when it appears that the doctor is thinking of attaching her head to another body. <br /> <br /> In this case, the doctor is difficult about this new body: he wants one built for speed, and he likes women disconcerted on the sidewalks of the city, haunts strip strips -teasers, visit the most beautiful contests of the body and look for models of cheesecake looking for endowments that will make him raise the eyebrow. But back in the laboratory, the head has developed a chemical-induced psychic link with another of the doctor's experiments, which is so hideous that it is kept out of sight in a practical laboratory cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious assistance of the laboratory, to avenge the doctor and save the woman whose body he is looking for? Could be! Featured man Jason Evers plays the mischievous doctor as if receiving a massive dose of Spanish fly. Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, screams and creaks despite the fact that she has no lungs and maybe no vocal cords. Busty chicks turn to incredibly sticky music, actors make irrational changes of character from one stroke to another, the dialogue is even more absurd than the plot and you'll need a calculator to add up the gaffes of continuity. All in all, THE BRAIN THAT DOES NOT DIE turns out to be even more unintentionally funny than a film by Ed Wood. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green manages to keep the film moving to a very good clip, and to watch In today's movie, it's easy to choose scenes that have influenced subsequent directors , who undoubtedly saw the thing when they were young and impressionable and never completely overcame it. The cuts made before the release of the film are lost forever, but the cuts made for the television have been restored in the Alpha output. Although the quality of the film and sound is not particularly good, it is also good to remember that it was probably lost. All this is good to start. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those movies that you find incredibly dull or completely hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it's very difficult to give a recommendation. But I will say this: if your tastes go to those of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you must take this one in an instant! Four stars just for its cheese look! GFT, Amazon review
