There are two cinema experiences that I will always cherish. The first was "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my little brother. A close second sneaks into Halloween at the Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and really scared. Everyone knows the story. The young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963. He escapes 15 years later in a psychiatric hospital to return to Haddofield and hurt again. He spots Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy elder who enjoys babysitting, and starts tracking her down. His party-goer friends across the street are killed, one after the other, as Michael prepares his plot to get her back. Ironically, the young boy she cares for Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman" and can see him outside. During the series of murders, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) strives to find Michael before unleashing his fury. He has no evidence, no evidence, just an idea that he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a movie focused on suspense instead of a fear of cheap thrill. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four men at a table playing cards without knowing that a bomb is running.This is a cheap thrill.However, put four men at the table who discover a bomb. and discuss what to do about it - so it's not right, so you have some suspense. "Director John Carpenter takes this advice to the maximum on Halloween. The public will see a glimpse of him outside, watching him, stalking his victims. We pant. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses the suspense instead of special effects that usually highlight the gore. This film has little blood, but still provides good scares. One of the best scenes is that Michael lifts Bob off the ground. He brings the knife back when it shines in the moonlight, then he drives it. All you hear is a thump, then the public sees Bob's feet fall dead. Carpenter was the first to use a point of view of the murderer's scene. It's also reaching our audience. What will he do? What's going on in his mind? Finally, the haunting and masterful score of Carpenter adds to the tension. In addition, his tandem writing with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters that are important to us. Teenagers are not "crazy about the party," but simply going through the rebellious anguish of the teenage wasteland. Finally, there is some decent action in this thriller "B", low budget. Nick Castle who plays "The Shape" (Michael) adds something to the blind killer. It is cold, without mercy and without any pathology. In addition, the personality does everything the same way. He only kills when he is trapped or to set up a trap. He separates the victims. He also relies on brute force. And this mask used (a whitened mask by William Shatner) gives an impression of something that has neither soul nor emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his impassive monologues, he appears as a frightened, desperate and determined person. I wondered if he represented the erased attempt of modernism to explain evil. The jewel in the crown, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She embodies the character of Laurie as a frightened but determined and strong person who fights. The end is the one that left me speechless. It was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage of being able to be viewed multiple times. Halloween and other horror movies, however, do not have this benefit. So, if we could clear our minds from the first time we see a movie to relive it so fresh and new, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
