As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two films I remember seeing and influencing (the other being the classic Conan the barbarian). It scared me so much that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I finally befriended (imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me in my sleep. It is now a terror for a 10 year old child. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic and I'm sure my modest review will not do it justice. The most surprising thing is that the film still works, maybe not in a guttural reaction, but rather as a cognitive possibility or an immediate subconscious. All of this could happen. This is not in the realm of impossibility nor in a foreign country (like most modern horrors, such as Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imagination. I think it's this element that keeps people terrified or at least suspicious of going out at night with the signature soundtrack still alive in their head. It still works because we can substitute implicit or tertiary killing by something more terrifying than our mind can create. We ourselves contribute to our own fears and anxiety. <br /> <br /> Carpenter tells us a simple story that tells the story of a banal, banal, banal and relatively benign child who goes on Halloween and kills his sister. He then spent the next 15 years in an institution (which we have fortunately not lived) for the sole purpose of escaping and returning to his hometown, the famous Haddonfield. On the way, he kills and kills. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of the suburbs of the middle class. In the bastion of American security, chaos can still hit. <br /> <br /> Michael ceased to be a person once he was killed. He is not a serial killer, a human being or a psychopath. He is like an unstoppable force. The generic combination, whitened and white Shatner mask, and the absence of any dialogue other than breathing, help to dehumanize and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all his power. He is without a face, without a voice and discreet in any other way than as a source of implacable chaos. This is facilitated by the cinematography (postcard effect), the lack of information / motivation / explanation and the experienced narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His excessive performance and discomfort sell "the Shape". It's also Jamie Lee Curtis' first film performance as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who dissuades chaos against irresistible obstacles (at least for a bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first film of this new horror film niche (Black Christmas was released 4 years ago), it's the most successful and it does not diminish at the reading. If you have not been scared of horror movies for a long time (like me), it will probably tingle the hairs on the back of your head at the first chords of the soundtrack. I highly recommend this film as a horror film not to be missed and as one of the highlights of John Carpenter's career.
