I must admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way that John Carpenter directed this picture, opening the door to so many kinds of mockery, you'll be baffled, whether it's your first time or the fiftieth. The sound, the threatening horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous cry of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film an instant cult status and a good start for the independent era. I love the music, the characters, the familiar and sinister decor, the simplistic nature of the villain and the random chaos of it all. There is no real rhyme or reason for death in this first film, giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he crazy, or somehow just a very bright beast? This question may never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us his unwavering dedication to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. While lately, his films were not of the caliber they once were (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began his career. It's his ultimate movie. Although he has released other great ones, I will always remember this one as the film that made me turn on all the lights, beware of babysitting and watch in camera because you never knew where the perversity would then manifest itself. Carpenter has this incredible ability to bring you into the world in which he is woven. With the power of his camera, he places these images of Meyers in unexpected places while giving you the impression that the murderer is at your side. I loved every scene in which we came back and there was Michael, watching from a distance, without anyone being wiser. It was scary, but quite brilliant. I liked the scenes in which Carpenter drew your fright from the almost thin air. That's what you would do, watching over your own things, when suddenly that horrible mask would appear out of nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a sleight of hand, but that's where Carpenter finds you, that's not the case. Michael is not a ghost, he's a human being (or at least, in our opinion), yet he has a stronger mental capacity than most of the main characters. This brings us to very dark themes and unexplored symbols, but even without that, it is a sinister film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you just do not have enough Michael vaporized in the windows of your home Carpenter adds that chilling music theme. I still have that touch of piano keys in my head, constantly asking me if Meyers looks at me through the window. Carpenter found the perfect combination of visual freaks and chilling sounds to announce what could happen to our unsuspecting victims. It's deadly, and it's done with refreshing originality and unique excitement compared to anything that everything that Horror has released today could come together. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a year of harsh horror. Fears being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not quite the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the first murder in this film is terrifying and terrifying. The use of the mask "clown" made me shiver the spine. The way he was filmed with this lying plan using the child's mask as if it were our own eyes remains one of the best horror openings of all time! This sets the tone for the rest of this movie. You have the baby-sitter theme, the childlike behavior that accompanies Michael throughout the film, and the Carpenter artistry in one product. I could literally talk about this movie for hours and hours, but I'd rather see him again. This is worth the repeated visit several times! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think it's one of the most remarkable films in film history. Avoid all those foreign films that think they will risk losing the face of the cinema, which leaves a tight budget for Carpenter and the genre of the slasher film. This singular film has redefined a whole generation of horror movies and continues to influence modern horror treats. The deadly association of a truly scary murderer, the powerful cinematography of events (which usually does not represent much in horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis are exactly what makes Halloween this movie at the top from everyone. Of course, Freddy is cool and you feel good to Jason, but Michael is real, he is troubled and he is looking for the blood of babysitters. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Grade: ***** on *****
