Halloween is not only the godfather of all slasher movies, but the biggest horror movie of all time! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most suspenseful, scary and terrifying movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that he inspired many imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Ok, so I'm a bit obscure there, but that only shows the impact this film had on the whole genre of horror. It was no longer necessary for a monster to come from the tomb of King Tut or Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could be created in small neighborhoods of the suburbs. And the night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the viewers would never be the same. Many aspects of this film make it the supreme jewel of horror movies. First, it's the staging ... it's set in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if problems start to show up, no one wants to lift their fingers to get involved (especially when a heavy breathing madman tries to scramble our young heroine. ) the movie takes place at Halloween !! The scariest night of the year! While most people carve pumpkins, Michael Myers seeks to sculpt teenie-boppers. In addition to the decor, there is good acting. Jamie Lee Curtis does a valuable job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a very talented high school student who never seemed to find a gallant date. However, it is Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrait of the good doctor, who knows what kind of evil is hidden behind the dark eyes of Michael Myers and feels obliged to send him to hell once and for all, is the legend of horror. However, it is the synthesizer scores that actually drive this picture, as it almost seems to get the viewer into the movie. Once you hear it, you will never forget it. I also appreciate the grainy sensation of this photo. Nowadays, they seem to refine the image of each film by giving us all the possible details of the monster we are supposed to be afraid of. On Halloween, John Carpenter never really lets us get a complete look at Michael Myers. He always seems to be in the shadows and I think that's what makes him so terrifying. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible as he spies (unbeknownst) young teens, which adds to his goose bumps. If you think about it, a wacko could look at you right now and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and luckily for us, horror fans), when they find Michael, he does not look for candy on this Halloween night ... he's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element of the effectiveness of this film. Her tireless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him the killer who will never stop. He is the wrong man who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So, if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some who have not done it yet, or even if you've already done it), grab some popcorn, turn off all the lights, insert it into the old DVD and watch him scared. Trick or treat!
