I have just gone through a stage where I wanted to see why it is that the horror movies of the '90s can not hold the candle to the horror movies of the' 70s and '80s. I was very public in this forum on the baseness of movies like The Haunting and Urban Legend, etc. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what real horror is. And it bothered me to the point of letting me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I already have every Friday, so I rented the chainsaw massacre in Texas, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, the Exorcist, Angel Heart, the Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other movies are full classics, but this is where I want to talk about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is perhaps something that no other film in the history of horror film can do, that is, it uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not rest on blood and goosebumps, and use them to scare you. I was alone in a room with the lights off and as stupid as I know, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No film I've seen in the last ten years has done that to me. No film. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low-budget film and scared a generation of moviegoers. He showed that you do not need budgets in the 8 or 9 digits to create fear in an audience. Because sometimes the best part of fear is not what's really happening, but what's going to happen. What was this shadow? What was this noise upstairs? He knows these are the ways to scare someone and he uses every element of the horror of textbooks that you can use, I think. I even think that he invented some of his own ideas and that these should be used today. But they do not do it. Nobody uses lighting and details to cause alarms, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's just not the same thing. You can not be frightened by a giant special effect that makes loud noises and pops out of a wall. These are the times when the killer is hiding somewhere, you just do not know where, it scares you. And Halloween succeeds like no other movie in this adventure. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a big butcher's knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life, locked up in an institute. . As Loomis (his doctor) said to Sheriff Brackett: "I spent eight years trying to reach him, then another seven years to make sure he did not escape, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vil. " maniacal and implacable idea of ​​a killer who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants is to kill Laurie. Nobody knows why he wants to kill her, but he knows it. (Halloween II continues the story very well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter did here is a haunting score, spooky lighting techniques, and wrote and directed a horror masterpiece at a tight pace. There is a scene to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is about to pick Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then did she realize that she left her keys in the house. She retrieves them, exits them and inadvertently opens the car door without using the keys. The public takes note of this but it does not. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she notices that the windows are fogged. She is perplexed and begins to wipe the mist, then Myers knocks on the back. It's such a beautiful scene because it pays attention to details. We know what's going on and Annie does not know it. But it's clever observations from Carpenter that frightened the audience in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of a killer standing in the background, ominously slippery shadows on a wall, dark rooms, scary and haunting music, a grim story haunted by Donald Pleasance and a threatening and implacable story. killer. Nowadays, my advice to filmmakers is to study Halloween. It should be the blueprint of what horror movies are. After all, Carpenter has followed in Hitchcock's footsteps, maybe the director should follow his instructions. <br /> <br /> Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you're tired of all the crazy horror movies that do not make the difference between evil and kindness, then Halloween is a movie that deserves to be seen. It will not let you down. I like being scared, I do not know why, but that's the case. But nothing scared me in the 90s, except perhaps a movie (Wes Craven's last Nightmare). If you love scared beings, then Halloween should be reserved for you. And if you've seen it a hundred times, check it out, back to back with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will seduce you with all the pretty faces of the film. Halloween will leave you frozen in fear, stuck in your seat, not wanting to move. Tell me now, which horror movie do you prefer to watch? <br /> <br /> And just to follow up after seeing the Zombie version, it makes you appreciate it even more. It's a classic by definition. Zombie has built his version, but that does not detract from the brilliance of it.
