Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience having seen 300 last year. It was not a bad film at all, certainly not average, but his script and dialogue were at best conventional and at worst confusing and unidimensional (which, according to Frank Miller's comics, was the right one). decision to go with). But his main assets came from the intense action and bloody battles and shock of a 14-year-old man who watched men fight in a bloody sword fight, sometimes with a weird creature or an overheated woman to accompany his pictorial environment. Although I would probably see Fire and Ice again before 300, they both evoked the same feeling. The exception is this time of course that it is Frank Frazetta, the famous artist and creator of many pocket books and comics, who collaborates with the director Ralph. Bakshi, in what is not typically Hollywood, but something for the most dedicated fans. <br /> <br /> What it means for the audience who is visiting the film today for the first time (the film could be coveted now) The nostalgia of those who were young and watched with their Masters VHS tapes of the Universe in the day) is the possible opposite mentioned above and, perhaps, that you will see something a little unique. Fire and Ice is not even the only rotoscopic characteristic of Bakshi, but it is perhaps the most fluid - if not quite my favorite - of the few creations he has made, and himself and his team create a whole new world, both pre-historic and unusual, fantastic and partly medieval, and all retouched by a hand of painters in terms of backgrounds, skies and soils. There is a slight disadvantage for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say that it's more Frazetta than him. That may be true, but that does not make it more absorbing to the eyes or curious at times when we do not see people being killed or eviscerated quickly or slowly (my favorite was the momentary skeleton guide - how they rotoscoped this surprises me). <br /> <br /> I neglect to describe the plot as it would defeat the purpose of actually recommending it. If you are already a follower of this style and approach to animation, the plot will matter depending on the degree of danger between two warring factions, a "damsel" or a princess, or a hero must prove itself or yada yada, so just say it's Fire against Ice, with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest male in the lot and the most comical in appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie who is almost * too * perfect for the fancy figure teenager). The plot, as an asset, allows a series of suspense and suspense around the action, the progression of danger in the impending great battle, as when ogres chase Teegra and face sudden lunatics. and creatures arising from tree trunks and lakes. And, as usual for Bakshi, he evokes some madness (if not his usual inspired madness) in the midst of all this simple imaginary material. If you've ever seen wizards, you'll understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you're a fan of animation, look for it for a bit of "old school" (ie 1980) action and incredible design. For all the others, it's ... good, not great, as I would say without fault of its logical extension of the XXI century, with some modifications, 300.
