Who would start a review of Snitch'd? James Cahill, god rest of his soul, has made one of the most daring glimpses of the human psyche since the Encino man. his beautiful story is set around a police officer from the McClure drug squad, which is a name synonymous with a simpson character who happens to be an actor too! The policeman plunges to the heart of the underworld in the drug world, and discovers a gang war that rivals that of the Police Academy 1; I mean the one where Jones is stained by his new partner, but manages to come out with the funniest sounds you'll ever hear. <br /> <br /> The understanding of both visual and auditory effects of Cahill is electrifying, the slight pause between the action on the screen and that of the speakers adds to the drama planted, true gravelly as underground thriller. Also, congratulations for his brilliant use of makeup, such as the extremely convincing burn that marks a gang member who suffers during his showdown with an indoor barbecue! Yuck! I think that the world of film is much less related to the disappearance of James, his memory will endure again and again, reborn at every mention of his flagship production, Snitch'd. Insightful commentary from his director revealed that the moviegoer was there and that he was perfectly adapted to the harsh reality of the street, captured in all the beauty of an abominable punk who toppled a garbage can during a fight . But I ask you why does the big boss pool look so cheap? I'll tell you why, because it's Santa Ana baby's life, not all passers-by and hastily built desks, oh no. There are people who have to infiltrate the soft, tattooed underbelly of street life in LA to find their way into movements that would not seem out of place in a production of School For Special Children's Double Dragon: The Play. <br /> <The only drawback I have with this movie is that there has never been a sequel. Go Steven Spielberg, go George Lucas, come on, guy who has avenged the nerves 1 to 23, as it would be difficult to move up a gear and pay tribute to this great man, James Cahill. <br /> He discovered Eva Longoria you know. oh yes, what he did. <br /> <br /> Jonah
