This has delighted viewers at many film festivals and it is not difficult to understand why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of a very good work of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as a father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the eldest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang, Er Ming, irrepressible and adorable youngest son, tells a story that will warm the coldest heart in the world. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing. He puts a little money in a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts a few on a treadmill to clean it, enters the shower and is cleaned with brushes and jets. water and soap as if it were a car to the carwash. This is the future symbolically, and the old bathhouse that we will see in the next scene is the past. Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? The cultural revolution in suspense? Blues of industrialization? No way. What we have here is a celebration of people, of their kindness and love for one another, a celebration of kindness in the hearts of men. Yet, I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its inhabitants. It is strictly non-political, without any criticism of the current regime, expressed or implied. Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old methods will be replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let this be as he can. Tell a story of old men in public baths where they receive massages, where they tell great stories and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and fight at cricket where the Master is The wise old man and his assistant are his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his work with joy and a spirit of pleasure and contagious goodwill. <br /> <br /> Return to the scene of the eldest son, Da Ming, who is polite, well groomed and taciturn. He is uncomfortable with what he considers to be the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and briefcase, his mobile phone and his education. He only came back because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that it is not true, he packs his bags and is ready to go back to his wife and his career. But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural life centered on the man that his father and his brother lived. <br /> <br /> And if Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does it so charmingly that I will not oppose it, especially since her style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the good things he does and I miss him in most movies is the way he combines the subplots in the big story, so that they are resolved before the end of the picture. The regular bather who sings "O sole mio" in the bathroom while the water submerges him, to the great joy of Er Ming, discovers that he can not sing in public because of the stage sickness. Towards the end of the film, he loses his stage and sings thanks to the help of Er Ming. And the habitual bathing client who loses his wife because ... well, he tells a story to Master Liu before confessing the real reason. But Liu understands and, again, before the movie is over, the husband and wife are reconciled. <br /> <br /> This kind of "happy ending" is unusual in current and international art films, or in almost every film made. in adults. Some happy outcomes are artificial enough to annoy not only their opponents but also their audiences. And some are so condescending that the public is offended. Here, however, the public is delighted. <br /> <br /> See this especially for Wu Jiang's comic performance whose effervescent heat overcomes all the handicaps that his character might have.
