I saw this movie at the cinema when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to the state of Arizona and really enjoyed seeing places where I spent a lot of time. I remember at the time thinking that Barbara's adventure in a more rock sound (actually, R and B, to my ears) had been a success. I have never been a fan of Kris singing until his last effort for New West. As a songwriter and actor, he has serious problems, in my humble opinion. I think it's a beautiful romance. I like it better than the Judy Garland version and I have never seen the original Janet Gaynor from Selznick. <br /> <br /> I think they made changes to this long awaited DVD version. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot that reveals that the Sun Devil Stadium is packed and more spectacular. I would have liked them to do a better job writing music for Kris or God forbid me, insert some of his original songs. <br /> <br /> In the same vein, I have some information from a primary source that says that music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While conducting interviews for my new musical documentary, Rocking the Boat: a musical conversation and a journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, an excellent singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal connections to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among others. Stephen was in "Speedway", the group of John Norman's character. Kris had a hard time turning what was essentially a pop score into something that could go for rock. Stephen was and is Kris's friend and a long-time member of the band. There was tension on the set and at one point the group barked against Kris in Barbara's presence. She pointed out that the group should not talk to her like that. Kris immediately came back to the effect that they were his friends and they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came and decided to use the live performances of Kris' group in the film and specifically placed Stephen's role in the project's success. Hearing this story, I gained even more respect for her as an artist. We make a lot of her like a diva. What she is is a pro. And I'm not gay. Not that something is wrong with that.
