A blockbuster at the time of its original release (it was the second most profitable movie in 1976), the third version of A STAR IS BORN on screen has always divided critics and fans. The film was open to scathing negative reviews. However, a budget of $ 5.6 million exceeded $ 150 million at the box office and won an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that Streisand's most commercially successful film remains controversial. Of ten fans who say that STAR is Streisand's best film, there are always ten more who say it's the weakest film in his filmography. Although both parties have reasons to support their claims, it should be noted that the action of the seventies on A STAR IS BORN remains one of the most moving and entertaining dramas of showbiz ever produced at Hollywood. For my money, this is the best version of the tale often told. <br /> <br /> The film is both enjoyable and captivating. Changing the setting of the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea. The scenario creates a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their career. This is the main area on which the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN exceeds its classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful in portraying the personal and professional difficulties encountered during recording sessions and the endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's attempts to write songs. This version of the story is also more credible in its representation of the main characters. For example, in the two previous versions, female leading roles were so virtuous and so self-sacrificing that they presented themselves as saints. For her part, Esther, the main woman in this version, is not only described as strong and passionate, she is also imperfect and conflictual. This makes her feel more "real" than the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland in previous movies, and makes the story even more effective. <br /> <br /> The performances are all planned, even if the secondary characters are not sufficiently fleshed out. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can tell the difference between the tough and the vulnerable without pretending to be a screenplay, Streisand is without a doubt the girl you want. She is one of the rare movie stars to be able to give fresh, natural air to the most banal dialogues, and, as usual, she manages to create a strong emotional connection with the viewer. In summary, his Esther is a fully realized three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not have much respect for his casual personalization, but he is always interesting and shows a magnetic charisma that he rarely displays elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson has actually received rave reviews from the days of NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even Pauline Kael, a typically vicious New Yorker. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have very little time on the screen. <br /> <br /> The recording of the film's soundtrack was also a resounding success. He won the first issue of Billboard Hot 200 and sold more than four million copies in the United States alone. "Evergreen", composed by Streisand (with the words of Paul Williams), is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, carried even further by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance of Streisand. The rest of the film's original songs (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also very good, and Streisand has a fantastic sound. His solo numbers remain in the memory long after the end of the film. Streisand's vibrant performances bring a thrilling life to "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You", and make even silly numbers, like "Queen Bee", much better than they are. have the right. Kristofferson's solo numbers seem somewhat out of tune, but it may have been intentional as he plays a declining singer. Although naturally dated in some respects (it reflects well the decade in which it was created), the seventies take A STAR IS BORN stands remarkably well. The film is well edited and produced brilliantly, the chemistry between the main roles is extremely powerful and always seems authentic, and Streisand has two effective emotional scenes at the end of the finale. In conclusion, a star is born is not only entertaining and moving, but it also transcends all critics.
