Thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally arrives at the DVD in a packaging that should appeal to the most dedicated fans of Barbra Streisand. That would include me since I saw her in concert singing, among others, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" of this film of 1976. Easy to reject, the story that polarizes the career of the film is such an accumulation of clichés to the Hollywood that variants exist in other movies, including "Funny Girl" Streisand. This time re-established on the contemporary music scene, the worn intrigue follows self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard in his career downhill as he meets club singer Esther Hoffman, who is expecting his great victory. <br /> Problems arise from the outset, since John Norman (both names please) responds to striking fans and bloodless DJs with acts of violence which he inexplicably escapes from prosecution). Esther represents for John Norman his last blow to happiness and, in turn, is attracted by the creative and decent musician who hides under the facade. In the most important scene of the film, he gives Esther a boost during a benefit concert and her career takes off. Inevitably, he can not bear the failure of his career in light of his dazzling success, and if you know a version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (even though Streisand's budding directorial talents are obviously on display), the film still manages to attract me, even though I know it is manipulated and manipulated shamelessly. He always has a certain emotional resonance despite his many flaws. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand, at its peak, seems to be the perfect choice to play a singing star, his on-screen character is just too powerful and predefined to play Esther's credible way. The same goes for his style of performance as the script seems to allow his softer material, geared toward contemporary adults, to be accepted in the otherwise rock-hard world of rock. From the moment she appears in the middle of Oreos, she can not help but appear as a well-established star. I can forgive the mistake simply because she is an unprecedented vocal talent, but what becomes less indulgent is how she makes Esther more strident than poignant when John Norman's misfortunes become overwhelming. This creates a strangely disconcerting dynamic in the last part of the film, which less evokes the cause of the climatic event than Esther's reaction to this event. This action is crowned by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her commemorative performance, which is great unless she unfortunately mimics John Norman's style towards the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, gives a superb performance all the way through, managing a level of honesty that melts the film and makes palpable her feelings of love, pride and resentment towards Esther. He does his grunt work on stage with vodka in this context. Otherwise, what seems odd to me in this version is the way in which all the secondary characters are relegated to the background as if they did not exist, unless they interact with the two principles. The only ones to register are Paul Mazursky in the role of Brian Norman, managing director of John Norman, and Bobbie, his cynical director. Robert Surtees, a long-time cameraman, gives cinematography a beautiful shine although the grain level persists in the print. A big seller in his day, the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of different styles of the 1970s - some songs are still very good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch closely now"), some are became kitsch ("Queen Bee", Kenny Loggins' "I believe in love") and of course, the inevitable "Evergreen". <br /> <br /> The print transfer on the 2006 DVD is crisp and the sound cruelly grateful thanks to the digital remastering. Streisand's participation is the main attraction of the extras, starting with his long commentary. It gives insightful information on the genesis of the film, casting and production that would have been disturbed. She is also candid about the megalomaniac of Jon Peters, her hairdresser boyfriend who became the producer of the film, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director. I only hope that she could have provided more specific comments to the scene and directly related to what is on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood hits her, for example, it becomes tiring to hear for the third time how the driver was a friend of Peters. I think a second commentator could have pulled him some other nuggets. <br /> <br /> There is a test reel that shows fun clothing from the 1970s, including the blended fabric poncho and Kristofferson's orange polyester shirt. Twelve deleted scenes are also included in Streisand's optional commentary. One is a comic baking scene that reminded me of how much I love Streisand in crazy comedies. Another scene is a prolonged scene in which she plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of an amazed Kristofferson who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative version of the musical finale incorporating quick cuts, which, I agree with Streisand, should have been used. The theatrical trailers of the three versions of "A Star Is Born" are also included.
