I have always been a big fan of James Bond! I've seen almost every movie except Die Another Day and The World Is Not Enough. The graphic for Everything Or Nothing is breathtaking! Talking skills ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! He is finally Bond in a video game! HE IS LINKED! I enjoyed Bond's previous games: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This one is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (may I call him Mr. Brosnan in respect? Yes, I can!) It was extremely exciting to hear in a video game ... LAST! DUH! I saw him play with Robin Williams and let me tell you they are an excellent team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, prettily handsome (I mean badly in the good sense of the word) and just one of those actors you would like to walk up to wrap your arms and hug and say, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond, "" If it was not for you, I would not know who James Bond is. "He's a great actor! I am a big fan of Willem Dafoe even though I have seen him in some movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I spell the name of the character?) LOL !!!! He does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I can not even hear an accent. I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, play in two movies: Finding Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! SHE ROCKS! In any case, he never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he definitely has the role of Jaw. I saw it in the movie and it's great! In fact, my grandparents met Mr. Kiel and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of celebrities I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I have never seen a better person play the role of skeptic and gadget creating Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. It is awesome! John Cleese's most recent project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew's and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh, yes, and as always says Q: "Grandis 007!"
