Do not mistake yourself. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is certainly the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series had fallen into a rut of FPS. Enter "All or nothing", which puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review on "From Russia With Love", I finished FRWL, I had just started EON and I was judging EON a bit harshly. Although FRWL definitely has the advantage over nostalgia and capturing the essence of the film franchise, EON is definitely superior in terms of in-depth controls and variety of gameplay. The missions range from standard running to driving an SUV, to an Aston Martin, a limousine wired to explode, a requisition of two different types of tanks to the "GoldenEye", a motorcycle, a helicopter, a repulsion a tree protected by laser tripping wires and in free fall after a damsel in free fall. Of course, the vehicle controls are a little awkward, but the problem here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As film adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all that I could hope for. But the original story of EON adds to the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is facilitated by the impressive list of actors from Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese take up their respective roles of M and Q in the film. Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery, adds credibility to the procedure of the game. All the characters look like stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, whose model at play does not do justice to reality. Mya's theme song is comparable to at least some of Bond's big screen titles. <br /> <br /> The game also pays tribute to some of Bond's oldest films. The character of Willem DeFoe is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's villain in "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears in the role of Jaws, the strong henchman of "The spy who loved me" and "Moonraker" in three fight scenes, the first and the best of which take place in the same way only in a movie. <br /> <The single player game consists mainly of standard foot missions as a Bond. Like Bond, you can choose to use stealth or go out with flaming guns. The game offers many opportunities for using stealth, with plenty of wall cover and objects. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, a single button on EON controls both snapping and hanging on the wall, so Bond may squat while he's supposed to be peeking in a corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to switch to "Reflex Bond" mode. When you browse your inventory, everything around you goes super slo-mo, allowing you to analyze objects with which you can interact. While it takes a while to get used to, this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular 'Bond moments', such as taking down a chandelier to eliminate four idiots underneath, and add considerably to Bond movie feeling. <br /> <There are 3 levels of difficulty available: Operator, Agent and Double Oh. On Operative, you can go through in a few hours. Agent, a few weeks. On Double Oh, a few months. The level of difficulty can be changed for each individual mission. Achieving high scores in the missions will unlock gold and platinum rewards and features such as vehicle upgrades and tight jackets worn by Bond girls. Some missions can be extremely frustrating because of the scarcity of checkpoints, but in the end, no mission lasts longer than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Multiplayer, unfortunately, unfortunately. is not so exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode of all Bond games. EON's main multiplayer mode is a cooperative campaign mode that places players in charge of smaller MI6 agents on a smaller mission than Bond. A more standard third person death match can be unlocked from this mode. But the single player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date. The end, as with most Bond games, is anti-climatic. Although the final mission is one of the most annoying of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. In addition, the levels that require Bond to be fast become largely a matter of trial and error. Nevertheless, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is like missing one of Bond's movies.
