I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not that big about singles), so I can not wait to see what Cameron Crowe has to do with his name. I went to see Vanilla Sky after I learned it was a very strange movie and I probably would not like to see it if I expected something similar to other Crowe movies. Well, I just saw it and let me say that the first was correct and the second could not have been more wrong. It's a very weird movie, and nothing really happens until the end. Anyone who tells you that he has seen it happen halfway through the movie is lying to you or unable to detach his recoil from his memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar, and I'm looking forward to owning it as soon as the DVD comes out. The film moved me and I felt emotionally exhausted at the end. It is an experience that will draw the viewer all the spectrum of human emotions, if the viewer allows. In the theater where I saw the film, many people clearly lost track of the film and were bored when they realized they were unable to return to the plot. I'm sure others simply do not have the ability to properly track a movie like this. I do not mean that sounds pompous, but some people are more suited to the kind of movies Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, and these are the ones who probably would not like this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour mental reflection and a lot of thought afterwards. <br /> <br /> For this movie, it's very similar to Crowe's. In all of Crowe's films, the soundtrack is a character in its own right. This is almost certainly due to Crowe's longstanding ties to music, as everyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and to his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson. It was also interesting to note that there was some chemistry between Tom Cruise's acting and Crowe's staging that made the film familiar to anyone who would have seen Jerry Maguire. In my mind, it's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I had to compare this movie to another, I'd say this: if you like David Fincher's game, you'll almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
