How strange is the human spirit! this center of activity in which the perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which our vision of the world rests on the functioning of the finely tuned brain, this most delicate and complex processor of all that is sensory. And how much do we really know about its inner workings, its depth or its capacity? What in the mind allows us to discern between reality and a dream? Where can we go? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing more than an impression of what we actually see, like a picture of Monet in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. This is the concept visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and self-conscious film, entitled "Vanilla Sky", with Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherited an empire of publishing that bequeathed him his father. His controlling share of fifty-one percent, however, has made him a remarkable man, since his board of directors is composed of seven members, and each one considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames by the lion of the society. And what fuels the fires of discontent is the perception that David does not have the attention that work requires. <br /> <br /> Certainly, David likes to play; Yet he controls the company and does what he wants, whether the board of directors (he calls them the "Seven Dwarfs") likes him or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. . But at a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the firm's lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), warns David that the seven are preparing something behind his back. At the time, though, that's the last thing that preoccupies David. He has an informal affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that just goes in the background when he meets a woman at his party and can not get out of his mind. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz) and, having known her only for one night, she becomes an essential part of her life - who is about to switch, because the day after her feast, he makes a decision that change your life forever. And he is about to learn that sometimes there is simply no turning back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has designed and presented much more than just another film with this one; Much more than a movie, "Vanilla Sky" is a realized vision. Starting with the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a visually striking experience that affects both viscera and neurons. It is a troubling mystery that will engulf you and carry you away; emotionally, it's a rush - and it can wear you out, because you have to work hard to stay there. But it's worth it. Think 'Memento' with a catchy soundtrack of rock n 'roll and a violent attack of colors under the brush stroke of an impressionist. There is darkness and light, and sounds hammering and driving until you can feel the blood flowing in your veins and beating in your brain. And all this was played in a landscape of virtual reality swirling under this vanilla sky in full expansion. In simple terms, this one is a real trip; it's exciting - and it's a sharp mind. <br /> <br /> Regarding the performances here, those who can not override the mentality of Tom Cruise as Maverick in "Top Gun" or his Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible", or those who perceive only as a "movie star" and not as an actor will have to rethink in the light of his work here. Because, like David Aames, Cruise achieves the best performance of his career, a performance that should verify if he has doubts about his abilities as an actor at the door. He has made interesting career choices in recent years, with films such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut" that only warm up the very real and complex character he creates here. And also give him the merit of assuming a role that dispels any sense of vanity; it's a cruise like you've never seen before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one should also - as well as the admiration and applause of his peers. The cruise is not just good in this film, it is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz achieves an exceptional performance, if not exceptional, like Sofia, the wife of David. There is a seductive innocence that she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her accessible and accessible, but she does not lack a hint of mystery that could have added something extra to the game. But Crowe knows how to get the most out of his actors, and he certainly did it with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely dynamic in the role of Julie. She has never been so beautiful and sizzles enough on the screen. But make no mistake, it's not a dressing room, and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance is measured in fact to the impact it produces with a fairly limited screen time. And it is the character she integrates so fully into her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. Overall, a fantastic job of Diaz. <br /> <br /> The following actors are: Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson ( "THE" Man), Jean Carol (wife in New York) and John Fedevich (silent Ed). At about the mid-point, it can cause you to question your own sense of reality; but rest assured, by the end of "Vanilla Sky", everything will be revealed. It is a reality, certainly, and savage; but it is an exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying and unique experience that you have to see to believe it. This is the essential and absolute magic of cinema. 10/10. <br /> <br />
