Someone (or something ..) leaves marks of puncture on the jugular and exhausts the victims of their blood until death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before going out of the horror genre of movie B for greater heights) is perplexed to whom .. or what .. is behind these notorious crimes. Hysteria invades the village and Karl relies on his renowned medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, who plays another effective role in mad science research) to give an idea of ​​what could cause the death of innocent people . He also fears for the safety of his dear Ruth (the charming Fay Wray, who plays for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Mystery of the Museum of Wax"), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the movie like a silly little village idiot who collects bats and behaves madly everywhere he goes ... it's easy to understand why he becomes suspicious because paranoia local is at its height. Maude Eburne describes the film's humor as a very naive (and easily influenced) patient of von Niemann who thinks she has a lot of ills in books near the laboratory where he works. She is impressionable and often von Niemann is just having fun with her and constant fictitious illnesses with which she struggles. Lionel Belmore is back in Bürgermeister, another scared and superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> Creaky, static, but still fun thanks to the casting. The film is obviously as economical as possible, but it does not hurt the film too much, as it is quite well mounted by director Frank R Strayer and his team. I'm sure the movie copy has seen better days, though. This is the kind of B-horror item you will find packed with 50 other random cheeses and poor rank programmers. The villain of the movie..and his motivations to feed a synthetically made biological creature. Certainly provides a different version of Frankenstein's formula. The end result is undoubtedly at the origin of many disappointments, because the film moves away from the supernatural account of a true assassin of vampire at the origin of the murders.
