In an attempt to capitalize on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors of the current genre and put them in this effort, which (in realistic terms) is not nearly as good. With that, it's always worth everyone's time and it's very entertaining to see and in my opinion it's better than most of what is supposed to be happening nowadays as a horror! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies have accumulated, completely emptied of blood and exhibiting suspicious perforation marks. Burgomaster Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "These are vampires" but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he is a madman who is responsible and he swears to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most locals think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who likes bats and talks to them Frequently, he is the one they seek and chase him until his death. in a cellar. The perpetrator of these killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood. He does this by mentally controlling his servant Emil (Robert Frazer). who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he is preparing. Karl becomes suspicious when one of the murders takes place after Herman's death. Frank R. Strayer has never been confused with James Whale, but he is a competent filmmaker who eventually made most of the "Blondie" films in this series and with which he uses the same sets "The Old Dark House", also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this film is sometimes awkward, but it's virtually impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this, including Frye who plays pretty much his role in Renfield, but this time he Befriends the bats, caress them and keep them in his pocket to keep them safe! One thing that makes no sense is the mental control that Dr. Otto has on Emil because the movie never explains that, and I felt strongly that it was a kind of nod to " The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ". On the other hand, it is probably the weakest part of the script. There are a few other things that I've noticed, including Frye's pursuit of the big caves, which is obviously one of the first shots of the infamous Bronson Canyon where many other films were shot, as well as the brown hair of Wray, who are his true color. True horror movie fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think it's a fun movie to watch for everyone. With a distribution as attractive as this one, it's definitely worth watching.
