This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time in my opinion, its reflection, its funny and sadness and its incredible performances! All the characters are wonderful and the story is brilliant!, Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing! The Ending is very powerful, but I will not spoil it for you, and I thought the development of the character was excellent! In addition, you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because you will encourage them. !, the more I loved the slowness with which he moved and I gave you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and to know what it is. I can not believe it only has a rating of 5.9 here, which should be much higher in my opinion, and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this type of role. In addition, it is extremely well written and well done! Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is totally embarrassed by her mother for organizing the party and the film also has many surprising moments! The dialogue is also excellent. It's one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), it's thought provoking, funny and sad, with great performances, and I say go see it immediately !, you will love !! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, with awesome camera work, and keeps the movie at an extremely exciting pace !. The game is amazing! Jodie Foster is really cute and is amazing as always! She was extremely friendly, attentive, had an adorable character, was intense in some scenes, was focused and she and Cherie Currie were at the heart of the film as Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very exciting and is amazing here. I felt really sorry for her character, because she had a very nice character who just needed help, she gave a powerful performance and created a very memorable character, she was amazing! Scott Baio is great because Brad was really friendly and did a good job. I liked him. Randy Quaid is awesome in his serious role, surprisingly, I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great because her mother really liked me. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre and did what they had to do like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, because it was cool to see her, but not much. The rest of the cast is fine. All in all go see it immediately, it's an underrated masterpiece !. ***** out of 5
