Basically, exactly the same movie as "House of Wax" - Vincent Price's first real horror hit - but we do not care, because "The Mad Magician" offers as many thrills as delightful vintage scenes, Happy D effects, sublime theatrical performances and macabre gimmicks of horror as a predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he criticized the character of Price, Don Gallico, another tormented soul besieged by fate and revenge against those who made him wrong. Don Gallico is about to play his very first illusionist show as Gallico the Great and plans to exhibit the greatest magic trick in history. entitled "The girl and the circular saw". Gallico's promising solo career is abruptly ruined even before it begins when his former employer, Ross Ormond, appears on stage and imposes a contract on him, claiming that all his inventions are the legitimate property of the company. Ormond, the svelte and implacable, who besides also sacked the beloved wife of Gallico, takes off with this trick and the program in the show of his rival, the great Rinaldi. Inevitably Gallico slams and slaughters Ormond sadly, but ?? to be also a master of the creation of disguises? recreates the image of his victim and even begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a fun and unpretentious horror film of the 1950s, in the style of Grand Guignol, with many unlikely twists (the owner is a brilliant novelist detective?) And a handful of rough and crude moments grotesque (they remain obviously suggestive for the most part). 3-D enchants at the beginning of the film, like a yo-yo player and a zany trick with water fountains, simply serving as a time jam and advertising hype from the 1950s, but is always fun to watch, even now and without the means to see them properly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from a periodical point of view, as the events take place around the time fingerprints begin to be used as evidence and the Alice Prentiss character is an obvious reference for famous authors of the crime of that time. . Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the most essential element of triumph in this movie, as well as in almost every other horror movie in which this legendary man has ever played. This film, like no other actor could do, depicts the tormented protagonist who descends further and further into mental madness in an indescribably mesmerizing way. You have pity on Don Gallico, but at the same time, you fear him very much. You support his vile acts of retaliation and yet you realize simultaneously that his murderous murder must lead to death. Vincent Price was simply an actor of genius and, in my humble opinion, the incarnation of the horror genre.
