THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one presumed of sin and the other of supposed redemption? Especially when this person has finally succumbed to a double personality disorder in his later years, as if to demonstrate his point of view. If you are director Mary Harron, you will not hesitate to show the pushy / attractive nature of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. You allow the character to navigate between the healing pardon of God's power and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination offered to Page during his years as a pin-up model. In doing so, the public is offered a complex character, pushed forward by the desire to leave their past difficult with a naive pleasure in the desire of others and a struggle to reconcile their image in the eyes of God. At the right time, no matter how many looks on it, because only a couple counts. <br /> <br /> Filmed mainly in black and white (with some useless flashes of color), THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light and humorous comedy, making the film a pleasant experience and also one that makes fun of seriousness with which people believe in the corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand is more palpable during Page's desperate moments. Harron is a sensitive and thoughtful director who does not throw the numerous and devastating blows of page abuse on her viewer. Instead, it allows Gretchen Moll, an astonishingly effective role-player, to strike the fear of his character into the spectator's gaze with fear in his eyes, exhaustion being his cries and his shame on his skin. While most directors, perhaps most of the male directors, would find it essential to show the heroine in painful positions in order to link the types of atrocities inflicted on her and her life. taken away, Harron has too much compassion for her. character, his actress and his audience. Fragile, Page learns to trust people and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, she falls in love with their admiration and the control she controls over her eyes. As her poses blend into the field of soft-core, she has found a way to combine her need for respect with the objectification she was used to all her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who aspires to control her life and destiny, but who always ends up being told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices were hers, she chooses to embrace God and preach her word to those who listen. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that she still lets someone else blindly guide her; she just has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.
