Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former singer of women's rock band The Runaways in her first remarkably capable acting), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are consistently believable, gorgeous and touching as the titular quartet, which is a group of troubled and extremely loyal teenagers with careless, indifferent and absorbed parents who do their best to grow and manage on their own in the wealthy suburb of San Fernando, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, engagement, etc., from an early age, when they are not fully prepared to fully assume the potentially harmful consequences of these decisions. Foster, who gives one of her most insightful, touching and most underrated performances to date, is essentially the maid of the group who presides over the well-being of herself and others; She is particularly worried about Currie, who has a shy, but reckless, self-destructive heart, whose carelessly hedonistic lifestyle makes her likely to end prematurely. <br /> <br /> This image is poignant, insightful, often incredibly believable. an in-depth examination of the broken and dysfunctional families that lie directly beneath the well-maintained surface of the suburbs and the tragic net result of such families: tough, resilient, yet unhappy and vulnerable children facing the challenges and tribulations of growing up alone parents are either too inconsiderate or nonexistent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction", "The Ladder of Jacob") Lyne is both robust and observant, while Gerald Ayres's script is a bit messy and disjointed, but remains broadly faithful in its frank, sneaky and unpleasant description the ripping nerve of your average kid. daily life chaotic, capricious and unpredictable. The soft, almost wet, almost pastoral cinematography of Leon Bijou suggests a delicate and easily breakable sense of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder arranged the excellent score, which particularly exploits the elegiac "On the radio" of Donna Summer. The cast includes Sally Kellerman as Scott's insecure and insane neurotic mother, Scott Baio as a gentle skateboarder, Randy Quaid as Kagan's older, rich friend, 60s British pop singer Adam Faith in the role of the father of the absent and absent rock promoter of Foster, and Lois Smith as a stifling and overprotective mother of Kagan. Robert Romanus (Mike Damone, "Fast Times at Richmont High") will appear briefly among the morose ex-boyfriends of Foster and a superb, Laura Dern, dressed in suspenders, like an odious braggart. Extremely authentic, captivating and deeply moving (Currie's ultimate fate is heartbreaking), "Foxes" is simply one of the least-known and least-loved teen movies of the early 80s.
