... but the general mileage of the film buff can vary in the stylized look of Mary "American Psycho" Harron on the American sexual psyche seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> It did not bother anyone who recited the iconic status of Ms. Page, an award-winning Nashville, Tennessee-based adept who had moved to New York City in hopes of being an actress and who was finishing to become the queen of Bondage universe. I will not go into the bio-pic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page" either, although I would like to congratulate the technical aspects of the film (a sequence of animated magazine covers immediately comes to mind), a bad one. use of a vintage camera notwithstanding. Finally, I will not dwell on the timely applicability of the themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, the sacred and the profane of the film. they are there for the viewer to absorb if they wish. The more things change, the more they stay the same, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> What I'm going to tell for a moment is the magnificent performance of Gretchen Mol in the role of Bettie Page. The truth is that Mol's face has almost nothing to do with Bettie's, and she's not particularly constructed like Bettie (though only a fool would deny those beautiful breasts and no fool, me!). She does not even wear the thick, dark bush that hides Mrs. Page's most intimate charms, but Mol is the perfect embodiment of Bettie Page's spirit in all its aspects. It is a "bravura" back from a half-darkness undeserved. I have never met Mrs. Page (and unfortunately, never.), But I have devoured the photos and videos, read all available biographies and interviews, bought trading cards and other similar items, and be honest, coveted for Mrs. Page since I discovered her for the first time in my teenage years between the dusty magazine covers of the barber's salon and the five and ten centimes. Mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I see it, without a play on words, in what I consider to be an Oscar-worthy performance. Liv Tyler could never have matched Mol's brilliant characterization in a million years, and I'm grateful she left the project. It would not bother me to see her totally naked, I hasten to add, but I can not imagine that her sensuality has resulted in the innocent exuberance of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> "The notorious Bettie The Page" is not for everyone, nor is slavery and discipline. I think it will be much better on record than in theaters; legions of dedicated Page fans and the curious will take care of it. I can only hope that the DVD will contain enough Bettie extras to show the uninitiated how good Mol has done. <br /> <br /> Beyond that, a hat to a beautiful support cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer in the role of Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity photo trade was the gateway to Bettie on immortality. <br /> <br /> A final note to the young scribe who felt that Mrs. Page had no effect on her generation: Look at Madonna's conical bra and come back to see us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the true godmother of fetishism. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her parents would never have existed.
