The film can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, offer parallels with modern judgment - without evidence and with attacks on freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem if it is not too close to home: by placing it in a fictitious or historical context, far from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors are linked by picturesque ideas - usually involving fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is obscene can easily become the prey of ignorance and interpretation. unscientific instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of a time that included not only McCarthyism, but also the banning of comics (such as Tales from the Crypt) under the pretext of turning youth into juvenile delinquents. This film, developed from key questions raised in his life, poses dilemmas as relevant as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film begins with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-dressed and respectable men in a shabby bookstore. One of them asks for images of women wearing frizzy boots and being restrained - and then turns out to be an undercover police officer carrying out an attack. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called to testify, looking very good, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are in black and white. Old-fashioned film effects such as wipes and fades add to the sense that we are watching a film from the past, as are the mannerisms of the cast, skilfully reconstructed scenes from the 1950s, contemporary slang expressions and the terse dialogue associated with filming. period. Archive images are often interspersed - which will delight many and irritate others. True to its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of moving photographs, and the old clips of fabulous beaches and landmarks juxtapose well with Bettie's classic poses, echoing the era of health and nature ". . . Although I admit that if you are not captivated by the story, you may find that the effect is a bit unstable. <br /> <br /> Very quickly, we move to flashback. Bettie escapes a depraved life of years of depression in Nashville, enlivened only by church singing and the salvation of the soul, and goes off alone to make her own way. After her initial success, her modeling work is divided into two parts: the traditional glamor work focused on her bright smile, and the "special interest" photos of dressing up with high-heeled boots and bondage clothes. light. At a previous audition (reminiscent of a scene with the character Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she gives a performance full of emotion, contrasting with her lively, happy (but ultimately bland) everyday life. day expression. Is part of her still unsatisfied? Bettie is frequently rejected at auditions as soon as she realizes she is the well-known pin-up. But we have never been asked to complain about Bettie Page: her abusive childhood is quickly referenced and skipped; when she is raped by four guys from her hometown, we only see the threat, then Bettie recovers and survives, gets up in a deserted forest and sports the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die . <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity, it is the special interest photos of Bettie that end up causing trouble. When we return to the court, the opinions of a clergy member on the corrupting influence of such photos are taken as evidence. A psychologist explains authoritatively how photos lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" among young people who are exposed to it (probably not in that order). Finally, a star witness explains how his son's life ended as a result of such photos - "being tied up like that". It is not clear how "closure" causes death. The text accompanying a series of photographs of Bettie in a magazine tells how she was forced to suffer "terrible agonies" with fetishistic restrictions (the public knows that she found them quite hilarious and that the wording, like the photos , were purely dramatic.) After 12 hours of waiting, Bettie is informed of her testimony - she is the only person who can definitively declare that she was not photographed in agony - will not be "necessary". The "horrors" of the photos have been proven. <br /> <br /> If all this looks like the dark age we have left, consider a recent incident (2003) in which an Ann Summers advertisement was banned. She said, "for fashion and passion, go to your local store" with a picture of a woman's back. She wears a bra and a thong and her hands are handcuffed in the back. The lingerie and sex toy company, which targets female consumers (and also supports charities fighting domestic violence), said its ads aimed to "give women confidence in sexuality and always show women women control their sexuality ". One might conclude that the prejudices and ignorance of Betty Page's investigations are still relevant. <br /> <br /> The religious views of Bettie are integral to the story, just as the concept of sin is integral to Christianity and contributes to the sexuality. The nature of sexual pleasure is frequently prevalent in the UK and in the United States - as opposed to the more factual approach found in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption, and "to be saved," are even reflected in the mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male dominance. A policeman making a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers to "save" her from loneliness. Knight armor in shining armor may be chivalrous, but it also assumes that a woman needs to be saved. <br /> <br /> Love it or hate it, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film. moral awakening for those who take it into account. There is an excellent overall game and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable because the whole film succeeds or falls on its powerful performance.
