First of all, I've heard great things about this movie, especially among the retro / vintage scene and the stock lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and that did not disappoint. Shot in very clean black and white and color-enhanced for the key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to the early life and career of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> There are many things I did not know about Page. First, there was gang rape, later, there were her first attempts to develop an actress career and then glamorous photos, first with a camcorder club populated by men who can not get bored and later with the Klaws, Paula and Irving, who, despite taking pictures of bondage and fetishism, presents themselves as an extremely pleasant and friendly people. If only modern porn producers were like this, better pornography might be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a rant against the misdeeds of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for producers of fetish and nude women photos. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that there was no "saturation" effect that we have today, with regard to pornography. It also seemed to be a lot less hard. Page seems to be a person who loves his job and does not seem to be degraded by it. In many of her photos, she is seen tied up and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), brandishing a whip with a breath, which excites photographers who take her pictures and who are seen in bondage movies in the "initiation" style. "that look pretty tame compared to the hardcore stuff we have now. <br /> <br /> Page never became an actress and instead gave up the pin-up when she was in her thirties for "Jesus Christ". Her belief in God and Jesus never disappears, even when she is tied up and gagged, she always insists that God has given her a "gift" to do "this thing". Seeing this movie, I am more aware of Page and impressed by its modesty, beliefs and behavior. She's one of a kind, compared to the identi-kit clone blondes we have today and someone who can really say, "There's a life after porn."
