Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well played and shot, it is at best a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film is mainly focused on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the sibling team that produced most of her most famous photos. This does not describe his life after the pose, apart from his religious renaissance. He quotes Richard Foster's "The Real Bettie Page" as a source, but ignores Bettie's recent years of mental illness and incarceration in a psychiatric hospital. We can debate the narrowness of the biography, but the majority of fans of Bettie and "civilians" would probably be more interested in his modeling career, what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well played. , with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie, while transmitting the softness that emanated his photos. The character is played as rather naive, a likely byproduct of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos but rationalized it by doing theater and costumes. <br /> <br /> Secondary distribution is also remarkable, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw. David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film is wrong with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not participate in photo shoots with the Klaws. Harris embodies Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his state of debauchery. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the game, the film is a little disappointing in terms of depth. The story is rather superficial and we never really feel like we know Bettie. Just like his pictures, it's just an image. This tends to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. His photos were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground and cult publications. His true fame came after his photos were reprinted in the late '70s and' 80s, and Betty Page's cult (as his name was usually spelled) grew. Bettie's biggest show (sorry for the pun) was in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 edition (the Christmas photo, staged backwards in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is well done, even if it is rather superficial. . He is able to maintain interest until the end and presents several great performances. He reaches the heights of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would have much more depth. The end is rather disappointing. It's rather abrupt. Nevertheless, the film really deserves to be viewed by anyone interested in Bettie, or even by the period. The soundtrack is excellent, really driving the viewer into the 50s. If nothing else, the film presents itself as a showcase for America's nascent sexuality and conflict with its puritanical past. It's also a look at an icon for men and women.
