First of all, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming film, very nicely rendered of its time and its subject (s). Gretchen Mol is extremely convincing, the very soul of contradictions well reified by Mrs. Page herself. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as supporters of the working class (after meeting Paula at Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is irreproachable) and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts ) is an adorable and debauched genius. . Anyone interested in recorded history of American attitudes towards sexuality should see this film, in a theater of preference, where votes expressed in dollars count more. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I acknowledge that I am a producer of a material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous, which in no way affects my work on Ms. Harron's work, but conditions my point of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Ms. Harron has created a work of subtle subversion. With V for Vendetta, it's a film about another era of our time. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site know that the government they will see promulgated in Notorious (by the transcription of the same words in closed Senate committees) is a very good approximation of the one in which they live now. Although Mrs. Harron expressly refuses to add a political agenda to this film, her faithfulness to the facts and her respectful and sensual way of rendering them synchronize with Notorious with the present time. The very acts that Notorious describes with great love and precision are defined as obscene by the law on the decency of communications, recently submitted to the Supreme Court as a case of the first amendment and sent back there at the request of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery described in Notorious is now punishable by federal prosecutors, regardless of the (hostile) jurisdiction of their choice. Of course, there was no hearing in the Senate or elsewhere on this issue when the CDA was passed. Of course, you do not know, because you do not want people in Peoria to tell you what you can or can not look at (similarly, the people of Peoria probably do not want me to tell them what they are allowed to see). Of course, Notorious will never be charged. It's Hollywood. It's legal. Countless Klaws, however, will continue to be overwhelmed by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not advanced much in its aesthetic, moral or biological composition for more than 50 years. <br /> <br /> In addition, Notorious has not issued a statement of compliance with 18 USC 2257, which is mandated by the recently overlooked "mark" passed in the law. If a media contains images of "sadomasochistic restraint", it is necessary to make available (without warrant) the records of age and circumstances of all performers. Notorious also fails in this regard. <br /> <br /> In addition to being lavish entertainment and a (near) accurate historical document, Notorious will be the deciding frame in which the Bush Justice Department is itself judged with regard to of the 14th Amendment (equal protection) and perhaps for several other constitutional reasons. In this respect alone, Mary Harron owes her gratitude. In any case, you will be grateful, constitutional or otherwise, if you see this film.
