I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance at the very beginning of Playboy (apparently, when she was photographed with her and her Santa hat, she did not know exactly what that the mag was). The film, co-written and directed by Mary Harron of American Psycho, adequately describes the key parts of her life. A southern beauty of a church enthusiast has bad experiences and leaves them behind in search of better times in New York, where she embarks on modeling, and much more. Soon, she becomes the pin-up underground sensation, with bondage the obvious (and "notorious" title of the title) attributed to her. Actress Gretchen Moll portrays her and describes the woman's spirit as well as she could, which is largely the success of the film. This is not a simplistic character, even though sometimes his ideas about morality are debatable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, were not they?" She said a few times). Apparently, filmmakers forget the last years of Page's life and leave with it a kind of period of redemption, leaving behind the photo shoots for Jesus. <br /> <br /> In all, the Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a kind of usual bio-photo presented by HBO movies, although this time with the stamina necessary for the release of 'a feature film. The best scenes captured by Harron are Page in her "dubious" positions, taking pictures of her in stunning poses and featuring ridiculous movies of whips, chains and leather uniforms. This adds much needed comic relief to the usual nature of the film. It is not that the story behind it is uninteresting, implying a government inquiry into "coal" emanating from such photos and clandestine magazines. But there is not much time spent exploring what is simply suggested, with Page and its complexities, relationships or sex and the fifties. All this gives a very neat black and white look and sometimes, it seemed that Harron was progressing on some black and white photos to tint more over time. If you're not familiar with Bette Page, it's probably an interesting sight, and probably for fans too.
