If this film seems disappointing (like us and, apparently, other people leaving the theater), it may be because the subject itself is slightly disappointing. The film faithfully portrays Bettie Page as she was probably: an almost innocent player from the rural South whose career as "queen of the pin-ups of the universe" was for her a delirium, a natural pleasure. Her eventual moral scruples, religious conversion, and abrupt remoteness from nude and slavery modeling are biographically accurate, but difficult to understand because she seems to have been spared from her livelihood. There are many reasons to see this movie anyway. , including the astonishing black and black film of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old-fashioned and dissolved wipes), the role played by faithful actors in the 1950s under the direction of Mary Harron, performances to perfection of the most underrated secondary actors (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention the performance of Gretchen Mol's Oscar-worthy and technically challenging. <br /> <br /> Ms. Mol does several nude scenes, most of them in vintage lingerie and breathtaking "special" costumes (gloriously put together by costume designer John A. Dunn), but surprisingly maintains the pleasure without any study. Bettie Page in her lush body. To watch Ms. Mol in the role of Mrs. Page, an aspiring actress, progressing through less and less "bad" degrees of audition and student theater scenes, is to see a real actress totally mastering her art. . <br /> <br /> The scenario actually takes us to the United States of America in the 1950s, where child sexual abuse, illegal kidnapping and rape, as well as the legal crackdown on pornographic marks that seem ridiculous today, are a reality. New York's 50s is evoked with uninterrupted news footage. 50's Miami comes alive in a super-saturated 16mm style color. True Bettie Page seems to float, smile and pose in front of us, and yet the effect is oddly light, barely obscene and not at all dangerous. <br /> <br /> As it is strange that the greatest icon of slavery also lacks venom, and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.
