I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like the animated series ... I love it! The fact that this makes it less attractive is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this drawing was great, but he really did not like it very much. There are too many people talking about Bruce who's so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, all the members of a gang fighting crime will have this attitude darker and more angry, so for me it is not a fault. Batgirl was great, she was really fit, because there was no more Dick Grayson as a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he's just a kid and you can not not rely so much on a child. But here's what did not work: the new work of art ... it's not horrible but ... for me it does not work in a series like batman. It's a dark character, with a maniac killer like the joker, so you can not put that kind of illustration in this cartoon. The joker is not a bad drawing, but I still like the joker of the past (but for me the BEST joker was never the one who appeared in Batman Beyond: the return of the joker), this joker is far to be so good. The good thing about the joker is that he always marks Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) They put an awesome episode for her: Mad love (for me the best episode of this series). We finally know how she transformed Harley Quinn, and how the joker tormented her mind, and we feel that atmosphere you feel in the animated series, darker, no happy ending, a brutal fight with the joker (but too short), that's how it was ALL series. BUT in general, I did not like the way she did Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they put some funny things, but in a ridiculous way she was hit, she was said nonsense, she has flaws ... go she funny so you can laugh with her, not her ... and here they put silly (as I said the only episode where I do not think not that it is in the crazy love and beware of the climbing plant) So in general it is a good series, it has ups and downs, the draw could be better (MON BON !!! TUE CATWOMAN !!!!) beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, beautiful voices and pretty episodes: my favorites, Mad love, Millions Jokers, Old wounds, sins of the father and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS, you can watch this, but do not specify too much. On the other hand, if you have not looked at TAS, look at it first, then look at TAS this way, you will really like TAS: D
