If you were not there, this movie will unfortunately be without compassion for you. Which, as I say, is a shame, because even if some actors play the amateur, this is realistic. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things in a demanding or perfect way, even when we want it. In that sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "known" actors in this film, including Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other three girls are not fulfilled only adds to the story - Jodie plays the role of glue that struggles to keep their friendship close, even with the obvious sense of fatality. Which means that no matter how close friends are, there are finally people who fade, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And that's where the heart of the film lies. It's not about party, nor sex, but about these four girls and their last time as girls before they have to leave the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it will tell you a lot, no matter the time in which it unfolds, or the time in which you have grown up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least we knew them. We all knew the frustrated virgin, half wanting to keep her childhood and half desperate to grow up and thinking it would do for her. We all knew the crazy boy, the fashionable plate whose vanity hides his fear of the world, his fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl, the one on which they whispered, telling not only his sad family life, but also his notorious feats. And we all knew the "maternal figure", the one a little more real, a little more solid, a little sadder because she knew what was coming. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe, like me, were you each at one time or another ... <br /> <br /> This movie really tells this fragile period of life where the desire, the needs, the pressures, the Femininity, childhood, the world and loneliness are all embodied in every woman's head, every factor on the precipice. What aspect do you hang in? What do you throw over the edge, no matter how you want to hold? And how good is the farewell to all that you have known? That's what this film is about: getting into a woman's life while clinging to childhood and how difficult it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and like this movie, like me. Painful and tenderly done. A beautiful piece of femininity captured.
