After the glory of The Snare, it was unlikely that another release for Hanzo could do better, and that does not break that expectation, but it's a good movie and falls perfectly between the fun and messy first chapter and the second excellent in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and presents some parallels with The Snare, as well as the percussions expected of a Hanzo movie, but the film sounds pretty little changes on the formula by reinforcing the humor of the character and giving the film an edge quieter and reflective. The film begins with Hanzos' helpers scared by a ghost and he usually decides immediately that he must have a carnal knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost serves as a guard for a stolen store of coins and reveals from this montage a story of theft, corruption and usury, with expected results violent and sordid. Shintaro Katsu is great as planned as Hanzo, presenting himself effortlessly as a deadly fighter and a sexual force of nature, he is just as good in moments of humor and friendly acquaintance, almost like an ordinary gentleman in moments drama, it's a wonderfully rounded performance. filled with social conscience and a moving edge of personal feeling. The expected comedy goes well too, his moments with "Snake" Magobei are perhaps the most amusing of the series while his interactions with his servants are still fun. Although throughout his career, it has good moments, a lot of action and a bit of lethargy, the film loses a bit because of a relatively simple approach. There are nuances of the previous two films, the plot, the rhythm and the intelligence recall The Snare and when the film aims to sleaze, it succeeds very well, with a sequence of early interrogation managed with a powerful impact. Similarly, the director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially mournful scenes in a more experimental way, like Kenji Misumi's less well-treated work in Sword Of Justice, with sometimes very pleasant consequences, as with a man playing a melody on the koto, with close-ups of Hanzo plunges his wife, sometimes a little weak, as in an orgy reduced to a psychedelic swirl free of nudity, which seems confusing. Nudity and bloodshed are usually minimized, which is a shame, even if a stronger approach would have worked better, but it's certainly the kind of film where unbridled and unrestrained nudity and violence are the most appropriate. But even with less property, it's always very entertaining, predictable moments are needed and there are enough intrigue and enthusiasm, even surprises, to sell. It's really a film for fans, which plays the work described in previous versions and works slowly, if not dramatically. In short, an almost total pleasure, although slightly imperfect, ends with a delicious trilogy, the second best of them, which deserves a watch for the fans of this kind of thing.
