After the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (1972) and his excellent sequel (and even more gloomy) "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), this "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban " also called. "Razor 3: Who Has Gold" is the third and sadly last episode of the formidable saga about the incorruptible samurai police officer Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintaro Katsu), who fights against the corruption thanks to his know-how as well as his enormous sexual powers. As a big fan of Nippon-made 1970s cinema, "Sword Of Justice" has become one of my instant favorites. I was therefore more than eager to find the suites, and full of anticipation when I finally found them by chance recently. Although this third film "Hanzo" is just not as brilliant as its predecessors, it's certainly another great cult movie that no Japanese movie lover can afford to miss. "Who's Got The Gold" is a little more docile than Hanzo's two previous films, but he's just as brilliant and comical and humorous. It begins immediately in a fabulously strange way: the film begins, when the two assistants of Hanzo see a ghost when they fish. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the site of the event ... If the beginning of the film is not promising, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, the stubborn and fearless police officer who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose unique interrogation techniques include the rape of suspicious women. The women questioned immediately fall in love with him, because of his sexual powers and his huge penis, he leads in a ritual rather grotesque routine. I will not give more information about the plot in "Who's Gold", but I can assure you that it's as cool as it sounds. The support performances are also very good and, as in the predecessors, there are a lot of eccentric hilarious characters. This is unfortunately the last film of the series "Hanzo". If they had done 20 more suites, I would have watched them all with joy! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and although this third part is a little inferior to its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all lovers of cult cinema! Oh, how I wish they had more suites!
