The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old Parisian three-storey building. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who has apparently devoted his life to the study of the six existing paintings known to an obscure painter of the Impressionist era, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams on art and painting, then engages in a dialogue with The Collector, who describes the paintings, shows them, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him down. tells us that he is going to show us something ... <br /> <br /> When he walks through a door, we enter one or more other worlds, or maybe to go beyond the limits, other possible worlds. The collector makes us visit his apparently limitless home, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; within these boundaries are the 6 paintings that come to life, or halfway through, presenting us with various paintings and describing the possible meanings of each painting, the work as a whole, a whole story secret behind the paintings. , the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings. And so on. Each piece, each description leads us deeper into a labyrinth and during all this time, The Collector and The Narrator engage in separate monologues, dialoguing very rarely, but generally remaining separate and different. <br /> <br /> I looked at it a second time, so bizarre, powerful and indescribable, and so hard to think or write. If I guess what that means, it would be a sneaky satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. One can find an indicator in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which The Collector poses asexual plastic figurines - in the second, he also looks at photos taken of figurines that reflect the poses of the paintings - - then he browses his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the characters. If we think about it too much and we do not like it, it simply becomes faceless plastic .... <br /> <br /> That I have come to definitive conclusions about "The hypothesis of the stolen painting "or not, I can say unequivocally that apart from Peter Greenaway's early (and contemporary) works such as" A Walk Through H ", I have rarely been so excited about something so profound, serious and dense ... .and heart, so playful and fun.
