This project was originally conceived as the film version of the famous Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is not new for Jay Chou, who made his film debut by playing a character from another very popular manga, Initial D. Along the way, it was decided to incorporate kung fu into the film, hence the title, although it was not very original, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer coming to mind with martial arts and ball games combined. <br /> <br /> However, fortunately, the scenes in which kung fu really influenced the games have been reduced to a minimum. , and in Kung Fu Dunk, really quite useless, because they do not add much to the plot and do not cause much excitement. At best they offered inexpensive laughter and a reminiscence of the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games. Jay Chou is at ease in his role as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie because it's not the first time he fought using martial arts (The curse of the golden flower, that's Are you tempted?), And it was named under the direction of Ching Siu-Tung to look really believable as he eliminates countless gangsters in a bar as seen in the caravan, just to tell you who is the boss. <br /> <br /> That's almost why his character is made of a kung fu practitioner. giving him an excuse to be a top shot, able to pull the hoops under virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a little time keeper, Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play basketball university, but not without the initial objection of the captain of the team Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and his team. star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, debuting on the big screen). But you know, with team members on the same side, it's not very fast, they combine their forces to face the opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I'm going to shake my head to say that this movie is aimed at basketball as goal was to football. This made the sport more attractive because of its charismatic characters, despite the fact that they give off so much freshness and distant attitude on the courts. Here, special effects and networking have been used to give actors the appearance of professionals capable of winning a league in the NBA league. In all honesty, they were really amazing, especially when they imitated various soaking motions and performed combos. moves with technology and stunts. So, in reality, the elements of kung-fu do not necessarily have to be in the movie. The cascade work itself will be able to justify most movements because they are well anchored in reality. You just have to suspend the belief that medium-sized boys have springs that allow them to cross this height for a professional dunk. <BR /> <br /> Too bad that the number of games is only a handful, with the time spent on many subplots, but each has been loosely developed and moved in and out of the story as he pleases. Things like Shi-jie's abandoned quest to use basketball games to get her parents to attend one day, gangsterism that penetrates and influences games, and her love life with Charlene Choi in another role from flower vase just to look good nothing else. Everyone is a little too cool, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the main themes discussed here is the awareness of the importance of teamwork rather than the talent and abilities of each. This could have been highlighted if the players themselves were interacting much more off the pitch, not just competitive games, other than the high and friendly passes. <br /> <br /> With the budget of 10 million US dollars, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, in particular, a massive sequence of fantasy at a crucial point in the film. It's quite irreproachable, nice to watch and probably justifiable only by its quality, but I like to point out again that even without these elements, the basketball stunts would still make a decent film with beautiful movements of basketball. And having Jay Chou serve your team is a major asset for any hope of box office success.
