Lost, probably the best TV series ever made. the scenario is intelligent and when all your questions are answered by watching an episode, 100 more are raised. if lost can continue its magnificent ways and not get carried away, it will be stapled as the best show of all time. The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live together on a remote island, a new dangerous world that represents a unique threat. After reading this, you think how can this be interesting? and your answer, every SO FAR season has always been full of surprises, you always wonder why it just happened and what will happen each time, very unexpected things happen and the story goes wonderfully! The series sucks you, it's scary and very addictive. Everything from wonderful creators to management, to the magnificent representations of the cast, creates a very credible story. Lost is simply amazing, amazing, very entertaining, excellent, television at its best. How do you want to say it? <br /> <br /> All other Lost Beat shows are in freefall. And if you hate or criticize Lost, you can not watch TV or watch the drama. Lost just does not disappoint, you might think that a series that lasts so long can not continue to improve. But it does! It is only flowing, it looks like nothing you would think. "Everything happens for a reason." And this is really shown in the series. Eventually, you will reach a point where all the clues and everything that happened or in progress is added. You will feel and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you have not seen coming, something major has happened to the character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a major twist that can or will change everything. You hear the disorder of your thought, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. 30 minutes of brilliance: you see flawless scenes, rising tension, you hear a wonderful music of Michael Giacchino. You see excellent flashbacks, an awesome set of actors You see of the mind, a scary atmosphere, which is then converted into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone has shown that he is also addicted, that he can not get enough, that he admires every minute and can not wait for the next episode. they talk about 24/7. Too me and many others is this series. Lost. Once you start watching, you will not have enough. The creators did a perfect job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The clever idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" and something major and different each season sucks your thoughts. Would they ever make a series like "LOST"? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. He simply knocked out the world when he hit t.v. A new generation of drama / science fiction. A classic snapshot before it reaches viewers. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you've all heard of lost, its 5-star reviews and your boring friend who keeps telling you about it. to stop you from watching? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and it does not stop improving, you become more and more interested, you learn things that are on the island would not even think . The characters start to become very friendly, and if you're a critical person, you'd like to see Lost in more detail, for example on developing the relationship between the characters and how they learn to underestimate and meet the challenges. from the island. All together, it's a great drama and a flawless series. I guess we all just hope that Lost will not have a fall in future episodes ..... so if you do not watch Lost, read the top comment again and you should change your mind. Seeing is believing, so as long as you do not start to look, you'll never know. I highly recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! start watching !!! You did not see anything until you watched LOST !!!
