to work on this film when it was shot in the summer of 1990. Shot in part in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, North Carolina and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds' huge offices have been used in many workplaces and places in the beautiful city known as the world's tulip capital, Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work although it was extremely hard to build all the plateaus like the Golf of Mexico where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to their rendezvous. I also played an important role in decorating the bar where Larry meets the magic bartender, Mr. Destiny. I stuck all those pictures on the wall of sports heroes and decorated this phone booth where Larry calls for a cab. I even put the picture of my mother at eye level so that she could freeze it and show it to her when we looked at her. I remember having colored the grass of his old house with green dye because it had to be sanded first (it was a new house in a new development and I suppose they rented it for the film) .. then I had to cut the grass freshly laid to make it beautiful ... man it was difficult! Regarding the film, when we shot it, we had no idea what it would be, but after seeing it, I fell in love with this film because it tells the story of "And if "as good as I've ever seen it, including it's a wonderful life. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I met the wonderful actor Michael Caine when shooting scenes at an old baseball stadium where Larry's childhood scenes were played and replayed. I remember that after taking a picture and heading for his caravan, I flipped him over and asked for a picture. He was very kind and said "why not! He is a good guy and a truly natural and powerful actor. I can not say as much for Jim Belushi..He was so full of himself, smoking big Cuban cigars and speaking loudly so that everyone within earshot could hear his every word. His career never took off, but he recently had a decent career on television. I would say watch this movie if you have the opportunity. It is wonderful and really sincere and real. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world that Mr. Destiny gave him after hitting the circuit, and how he's so craving that people believe he's not that mean, everyone thinks. They all think it belongs to a jerk! But he ends up convincing people, but at that moment, he really wants to find his life, especially his wonderful wife, so well interpreted by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants to get his dog back! So see him.
