While the original 1932 version, with Preston Foster, was good, there is no more dignified remake than that of 1959, nor more impossible to find anywhere, just as I strongly suspect Mickey Rooney of having something to do with that. Never would a simple performance have been so brilliantly masterful, nor a more stimulating scenario, nor an improvement over the original. Many years after the last of my screenings of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney recounted a visit he had made on death row, which apparently had totally eliminated in a radical way any personal identification '. d felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was about as short as the main character here and did not cover much, except to what extent his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the detainees themselves had been underlined, even in language that I did not understand. I would not like to mention explicitly here. . . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not applied in a uniform and impartial manner, just as many innocent people are far too careless and are sent unnecessarily to face this fate. particular. Another problem I have with her is that she is not enforced quickly enough, or even publicly! In such cases, the Bible particularly emphasizes that one of the most important objectives of this action, namely deterrence, must be obscured in an ineffective manner, namely not only public viewing, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to prove statistically that this is not an effective deterrent? In addition to having a problem with the reliability of their data, I have little doubt, or even any objectively infeasible doubt, that many of us are now in prison, because of the lack of such a deterrent . However, the fact that Robert Duvall, in The Apostle, was punished for his particular "crime", or that the only hope of indulgence for a man like this should be a "temporary madness" as if that could be the only acceptable excuse in his kind of case. . . . In addition to various other questions concerning Mickey Rooney's reasons for his particular visit that he had recounted and answers that I can only speculate on, I suspect that the main one was resolutely religious. I do not know exactly when he became the Christian who claims it, he insists now as much as possible on a particular point to emphasize that he is; but, as everyone should know, this category of people tends to be the most vehement person for blood when it comes to extracting one eye for another. However, I have no particular bone of contention in this regard, per se, just as there is no doubt, according to the Scriptures, that all, and perhaps even most, of them will not be spared from same ultimate destiny by the Lord Himself, following His sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for capital punishment; for unlike the Lord Himself, who would like to see everyone saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to be vindictive to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people, on both sides of this ever more burning question, can not seem to appreciate enough is that the Lord is as sweet, dynamic and evasive as he is, is hard. Both sides of his nature seem to be so fundamentally incompatible that he is mentally disturbed, at least by a strictly human calculation. However, whatever the cruelly elusive nature of this miraculously dynamic mixture of water and oil in His nature, there is no doubt that nothing less, nothing fanatical and characteristic of the equation of this equation, insufficiently and unacceptably of the whole judicial truth. Indeed, I have seen the bloodiest thirst for the same thing manifest itself, in a rather contradictory way, on too many occasions, whenever advocates categorically against the death penalty are confronted, even in the most difficult situations. rational and balanced. ways, with the fact that, even if the Lord is dead for everyone, not all will be saved. After all, to receive absolution, it is necessary, to repeat the same term, to reach out and receive it, that is, to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Something could make more sense. . . But then, what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of his enemies, to those who despise and persecute you without just cause or provocation? One of the overly dominant difficulties with this type of sentimentality, as generally misunderstood, is the way in which it excessively simplifies the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not mean the same thing as unconditionally forgiving the forgiven. When one adopts here a clearly sober and rationally balanced vision from the point of view of God's own attitude, it is really only a burning desire that the forgiven finally manage to find his way, to see the light and to be granted pity. This attitude is, of course, the opposite of that of Jonah, for example, who actually resented him when God told him that his preaching to the inhabitants of Nineveh would entail their repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but wanted vindictively that they be destroyed. As he was in this way, cold-blooded, similar to most professing Christians, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonas almost as much as he wants me! However, unless the repentance of the one who is forgiven, any forgiveness that he can receive from an authentic Christian will do him any good. In such a case, the only one to benefit from it is the true Christian himself!
