The city of New York is home to one man of all others, Dr. Anton Mordrid, possibly immortal. Mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained so that he can not enslave the human race. Well, you would not know? A prophecy is realized and Kabal frees himself and begins to collect elements (notably platinum and uranium) for his experiments in alchemy. With the help of a policewoman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his bad brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me courtesy of Charles Band from the Full Moon Archive Collection. I had not heard about it, which is a bit odd since I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The film is certainly fun in the classic style of the full moon. Richard Band provides the music (which does not differ much from all his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays Kabal evil. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I thought most of the film was a scam of Dr. Strange's comics. And the blue pantsuit was stupid. And the holes in the plot are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why worry about it). And why does the old symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look strangely like a hammer and a sickle? Combs has never been a powerful player, so it fits perfectly in cheese. These are not complaints. Fans of the full moon now expect these things and devour them like cracked walnuts. I am guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a fan of Full Moon, or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you might want to go elsewhere. But if you like the style of filming and haircuts of the early 1990s, you will eat it. The fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger might like to see Brian Thompson as a villain, as sordid as ever and not be able to speak English beyond a third grade level. I did. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company that is doing a sequel to almost everything (the "Gingerdead Man 3" is really necessary?) Has been passed on to this one.
