I really enjoyed "Dr. Mordrid". It's a low-budget film, which may shock some people, but it's not a problem for me. I admire it even more for that, considering that it's a lot more fun than the madness Hollywood produces every year. Too bad it did not have a theatrical release; I do not know anyone else, but I would have seen it in theaters. "Doctor Mordrid" is a very entertaining sci-fi movie that everyone can enjoy, especially if they like science fiction like me. I do not see why it is a film rated R; only one word is said, and there are no macabre death scenes, nor is there blood. The timeless rivalry between the wizards Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted to use his powers to save the human race, while Kabal wanted to enslave them) gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plot added charm to the world. history itself. Basically, this movie is just fun to watch. However, there is one thing that is unintentionally amusing in this film: to see Jeffrey Combs keeping an impassive face while wearing this blue cloak and suit. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I go astray ... Anyway, the acting is great; the main protagonists (Anton and his friend Samantha) are very friendly; Anton is friendly and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. In addition, the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the other dimension was very cool. we have only a glimpse of it twice; it would have been great to see more scenes unfold here. The main frame was also very neat; Anton's apartment is very spacious and he has great appliances, including the monitoring system he uses to track events around the world. He even has a raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar. Overall, it's a very good movie. It was fun to watch and the main actors put a lot of sensations into their roles. If you can find a place where Dr. Mordrid leases, you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it - it was really well spent money)! <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br />
