The film "Holly" tells the story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and smuggled into Cambodia to prostitute herself in the notorious "K11" village. In the film, Holly is waiting to be sold at a higher price for her virginity when she meets Patrick who loses money and friends during game fights and bars. Patrick and Holly have an immediate connection to their "obstinacy", but all of this is disturbed when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As moviegoers, we went after Patrick to find Holly. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle but her confusion about what is right or wrong. "Holly" transports us through beautiful and hard Cambodia while discovering that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children exploited and raped each year without rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than her themes suggest, such as documentaries involving children ages 4 and up. sex trafficking, but nevertheless manages to shed light on the trafficking of Cambodian / Vietnamese children for the purpose of prostitution. It is a touching story that helps shed light on the horrific situation in which many children find themselves and their difficulties in trusting and realizing what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the movie's antagonist is an American stolen merchant who also loses money and friends playing cards and fighting in bars. On a motorcycle, his motorcycle runs out of fuel and he has to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he meets Holly, a twelve-year-old girl sold by her parents who is kidnapped for slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers an intelligent and stubborn girl beneath her traumatized exterior and becomes determined to save her - though their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappears, he goes on a journey to find her, without thinking if he can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly manages to escape by going to another brothel when she jumps from the truck. and runs into a field full of mines. A cow raises a mine and the truck driver thinks he's dead, leaving Holly alone. During his journey in search of holiness, Patrick meets a social worker who tries to make him understand the slightest doubt and shares with him the facts that haunt the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom only adds to the demand, she says: 30,000 children are prostituting themselves in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60 000 people, "he told him," I'm trying to save one. " Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​securing her is quickly dispelled when the social worker tells her that the United States will not let him adopt. Although it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reintegrate. in the society. Patrick is unaffected by the information and continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The audience is then informed that Holly is going to a small town and is looking for food with other homeless children. She is then befriended by a local policeman who does not look much better than criminals with a badge, when they sell it to another brothel and then conclude a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who then takes his virginity. Holly seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds her, she will accept "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant friend. Patrick is totally baffled by this change in behavior, but his plan to move him away from this world does not dissuade him. In the end, he steals it and brings it to a safe place in the comfort of the social worker. Holly gets fresh clothes, if he is fed and brought to a dance class, but he is forbidden to see Patrick. This eagerness to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, she runs away from the shelter and returns to the streets in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick faces the decision to leave the country and flee. in the United States or stay in Cambodia. Her thoughts continue to return to Holly and during a visit to a bar; an older man sees the picture he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when he has had sex with her. It pisses Patrick off and he hits the man and gets out of the bar. Finally, Patrick gets caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> Holly can inspire the public to donate money to organizations that make life better for them. poor youth, and even campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the area, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film can reduce its chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it was not as touching as a movie. The actors did a great job showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of the young people who are affected by this way of life, but ultimately the hard lifestyle of the area and the desperate notions of the parents who sell their children to defend their rights. own famine, does nothing to help the situation of children.
