After enjoying this show for years, I dreamed that I could see them all again and share them with my grandchildren. I am so happy to pay a small amount for the memories I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving, hard-working husband, a beautiful spoiled girl and two sons as different as day and night. Michael, the baby son is an independent walker and JJ is a clown. I know that many African Americans did not like this program, but I know that many people can tell and should have accepted it as is. My heart was sad when I heard that Ester Rolle was dead. Tyler Perry is now the main actor writer and I support his work, but not so much, because he mocked so cruelly Rolle in one of his plays. No one should have to hear bad things about their physical appearance. The series began to become less interesting at the death of Dad James. It got a little faster when Florida remarried, but dropped when she took an absence from the show. All in all, the show was great and again, I'm happy to have copies of some of my past. I try to follow the work of the old stars of Good Times, and I must say that it is a group that has not been swept by rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting around watching with kids. Congratulations to the writer, the team, and the stars for years of renewed memories of an era that I can once again enjoy without having to skip scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, I watch the shows again and again. Recently, I noticed something that made me rethink the series, but do not hate them. I think Florida was a bit tough on the money the kids earned. It's not that kids do not need supervision, but it's done in a way that differentiates Florida's maternity. The scenes where Florida had to talk about the fact that other people were not very pretty bother me now. When James was alive, the series insisted that James wanted to have his own Fix-it store, but he never lived to see his family ruled out, but Florida marries someone who owns a repair shop. A slap in the face of an actor who should have ended his career in Good Times, showing that he had accomplished all he wanted. Finally, as I watch the shows, I see the show go into overtime and be renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left, everything was mainly centered on JJ. Not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I would not want to exchange my DVDs for money, but time, maturity, and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
