When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, the White Sox who broke the scourge in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and MVP Finals) with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely, in this generation, people think of Chicago's troubled neighborhood, ghettos, drug-laden streets and life in urban housing projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> one of the greatest TV shows in history and a revolution The sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember when I was little on CBS, and I live regularly on television. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" is another classic of Norman Lear, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African-American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family" the most great show of all time. "Good Times" has highlighted the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects and has done so with charm, well-written and thoughtful intrigues, as well as outstanding actors, especially the matriarch and patriarch of this family of troubled ghetto played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children of the support troop were also very good, especially the very popular Janet Jackson in her debut and Ralph Carter in the role of the youngest son of Florida and James Evans, whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and that he must learn to stand up. his two feet. <br /> <br /> The eldest child JJ played by Jimmy Walker is a little out of place on this show and is there primarily for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12 years, although he looks like a guy in his twenties. J.J. annoying, and it is a merit of James Evans (Amos), often wicked, never to tell J.J. to get his own life, get a job and get out of the house. JJ is an aspiring painter but unlike his younger brother, he is never serious in getting a university degree, nor more important in looking for a job to help a household that lives above the status of social welfare. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes Janet Jackson's character has a fever of 104, and Florida Evans is desperate for good medical help for her. She can not afford anything, but a very professional clinic doctor does not want to give family projects does not pay more attention than she legally has to do. The other episode is when James Evans can not afford to rent a ridiculous $ 104 a month. The Evans are on the verge of getting the biggest family setback, thrown off projects without any place to go. Florida Evans goes to the Social Services Center to try to get a loan or grant to help his family. But the government does not consider her family poor because she has assets of more than $ 4,200 for a family of five, which is unfair but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the children want to hurry for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, regardless of the seriousness of their situation. Finally, the family finds a solution to keep their head out of the water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times", a classic show from the 70's, aims to keep your head above the water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work in menial jobs to try to raise their children and avoid the social stigma of welfare. I was too young to understand the sitcom's message as a toddler in the 1970s when it first aired on CBS, but I really appreciate TV Land's reruns in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms of the day.
