Forbidden Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is precious in the cinema, especially from the 1950s. There was the Day the Earth stopped and the War of the Worlds, but let's not forget this gem that fired his story of Shakespeare's Storm to tell the story of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor who has done a remarkable job. breakthrough. This is the kind of breakthrough that is not so incredible to look at (although, for 1956, it seems quite amazing to look at some of these sets and this gigantic machine created by the doctor), but with its focus on characters and its technology themes taken too far by the more primitive side of human nature, even if we do not know, we channel it. <br /> <br /> On the surface, in the first ten minutes, this seems to be the norm, if a little more professionally acted and directed with better skill than the B-movies of the period. An astronaut ship is on mission on planet Altair-4 to bring back an expedition that had disappeared decades ago. But all that remains is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, somehow immune to an attack that killed everyone. Morbius seems to be a warm and very intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that the astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can only think of pointing it out to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a problem: something kills members of the ship's crew, one by one, every night, even when others keep an eye on them and then erect an electric fence invisible. the invisible something passes easily. Meanwhile, there may be a love affair between Skipper and Alraira, and the doctor instills a more pervasive atmosphere: you should not have come on the planet to begin with and you must now leave. What happens is even more fascinating, on a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also be entertained by this story, while having useful ideas. Although everyone remembers Robbie the Robot, and for good reason, the most memorable image for me is perhaps the monster on the screen with the crew firing in vain, animated by red electricity and if beast he seems out of Fantasia. <p> The role of Pidgeon is subtle: you would not expect him to be a villain, although the character and show on it is something concrete and that in the end, the character more complex than you would expect. And the other performances are worthy of a worker but also excellent, from Nielsen as a Holliman-born leader, offering great comical relief as the cook (which, I must add, contributes to one of the funniest scenes of movie with those gallons of bourbon that Robbie provides.). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (sophisticated in the nostalgic sense of the pulp for today too), and the music, created by electronics, is beautiful in its "tones". But finally, it's Hilcox's script and sound advice that puts it a bit higher than the rest of the B-deck. When it's supposed to be funny, it's intentionally, and it works. When he is dramatic, he connects very well even in his most difficult moments with the actors. And when we are led to think of a horrible situation, it appears gradually, with nuances, without jostling us in the face or without mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other sci-fi movies, and a good scorecard of thought-provoking sci-fi stories and old books, it's an elegant and entertaining classic.
