I should say from the beginning that there are many, many things that I like in "Forbidden Planet" and, yes, I certainly consider it a "classic" sci-fi movie for many reasons. But the adulation he has received over the years is a bit excessive, in my opinion. No less than an authority that Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of its kind." Ambitious? Without a doubt. Intelligent? It depends on the part of the movie you are talking about. It was the most prestigious and budgeted sci-fi film to date. With a cost of nearly $ 2 million (remember, it was in 1956), MGM did everything to create a dazzling and breathtaking space adventure like no other, without even calling on studio artists Disney. more elaborate special effects. "Charming" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in sci-fi movies, it's the one that seems the most appropriate here. Even the dreaded "Monster from the Id" is only a cartoon character well rendered by the Disney, it is unlikely that it scares those over 8 years. When I see the different sets and take note of the drawing, models, costumes, etc., nothing reminds me more than "The Wizard of Oz", with its superbly saturated colors and elaborate effects, if not always convincing . There has been so much work in these films that we are inclined to smile anyway. "Forbidden Planet" is beautiful to watch. The scenes take place on fabulously decorated sets, matt paintings of planets and space in the background, as well as miniature sand dunes with a complex design, to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most elaborate play you've ever seen. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those of the huge Krell complex, where the plans showing the depth and breadth of this interior space are well made and credible. But then we come to the actors, damn it. The representations are almost uniformly horrible, even if, in all honesty, it must be said that the dialogue never exceeds the level of humor of the adolescent locker rooms, with the exception of a few passages of barely sufficient scientific technobabble. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to giving such a performance, sometimes gloomy. Leslie Nielsen embodies the spaceship commander J.J. Adams, and does not convey an ounce of credibility or conviction throughout the film. He seems to know instinctively, thirty years in advance, that his real asset lies in comedy, because he sometimes seems unable to keep his face impassive by reciting his lines. Every forced reaction, whether anger, passion or solemn meditation, comes out of high school. Anne Francis, also very young, is doing a little better as alleged innocent Alta, who we believe has never seen a man other than his father before the crew of the spaceship shows up . (Alta Morbius, there is now a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis seems about as virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8". There's a good story here, buried somewhere under the crew's glowing commentary on Alta and another juvenile subplot about the Cookie, the cook of Earl Holliman's ship. (Holliman is also shooting in a dreadful performance, I suppose all of these actors have moved directly from this film to a drama school.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest", the story of a dead run, the Krell and the fantastic world of machines they leave behind what most people tend to remember from "Forbidden Planet", and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the movie and let yourself be dazzled by the design of the Krell underground complex by Disney artists. Is it enough to compensate for the rest of the defects in the film? You will have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course, there's Robby the Robot, who in the 1950s had an idea of ​​what a robot should look like and talk about. He is funny. In places. So "Forbidden Planet" is for me a very, very mixed bag. It deserves the credit of having inspired a whole series of science fiction movies and TV shows that followed, the least important of which was "Star Trek". But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than well-organized comic book sci-fi returns to look at it.
