Like others on this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was proposed in 1956, I rushed to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon that I suggest because young people, the elderly, science fiction experts and people who find such a "way out" can all follow and appreciate the story and the intrigues of this film. This is the first film In the twentieth century, the film was placed on a planet other than Earth, except for soap operas such as "Flash Gordon". Leslie Nielsen was a bit vocal weak for her role, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens performed very well in their responsibilities: there are so many visual splendors that it is difficult to choose a favorite from the scenes of the film. Altair-4's approach, the spacecraft itself, the landing on the alien surface of the planet, the descent by escalators, the first sight of the landscape, the approach of the sled-rocket, the house Dr. Morbius seen from the inside and the inside, the underground complex and its wonders, the setting up of the armament, the battle against monster, the final approach ch of the invisible destroyer, to escape the doomed planet - all these scenes are engraved in the spectator's mind because we discover them with the participants. Veteran Cyril Hume's scripted script was cleverly filmed by longtime director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. it's a shock to realize that there is no music at all; the film is carried by the words, the actors and the story of mystery-revelation. We can watch it again and again with pleasure - I have been doing it for almost fifty years. Until the creation of this famous and appreciated film, no film had tried to imagine a world beyond the Earth; and for decades, the ships continued to crash on the planet - as if the writers' imagination failed and caused the accidents. Always the best, many say. It says a lot about the imagination of the so-called intellectual leaders of our country - and about something very positive about those who made this jewel.
