When we think about the science fiction movies of the 50s, we think of the kind of black and white B movies that were parodied in the old television show Mystery Science Theater 3000. However, while there was a lot more films like Plan 9 of outer space and Robot Monster as good movies, the 1950s contained some very good, even excellent sci-fi movies such as The Day the Earth Stopped, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Thieving bodies, the war of the worlds and the thing of another world. Yet the best of the group, for its literacy and production values, was arguably MGM's first major foray into Level A science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a film 98-minute color, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, featured state-of-the-art special effects and had a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume from Irving Block's Fatal Planet screen and Allen Adler, who adapted aspects of The Tempest by William Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> The film garnered praise when it came out, for its Oscar-nominated special effects, its fully electronic music score, by Louis and Bebe Barron (though credited as Electronic Tones, for avoid music guild fees), vivid matte paintings- inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), hosted by animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from Walt Disney Studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first role in the movies or on television. Later, he will appear in the movie The Invisible Boy - included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances in the 1960s science-fiction television series The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - with his own robot, he is often confused, and an appearance in the movie Gremlins of 1984. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly constructed, and filled with humorous aspects that emphasize the forced aspect "love story Of the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, led by Commander JJ Adams (Leslie Nielsen, who was once an important man before his police squad) is en route to the planet Altair IV to investigate what arrived at the Bellerophon crew, sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year of traveling, they meet the lonely survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero's philosopher, his beautiful blonde girl Altaira (Anne Francis) - the character of Miranda in a pre-1960 miniskirt and Robby the Robot, the servant who is Calibanian's counterpart. Morbius warned the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party the first year, but he was immune to it. All in all, it's a good movie, especially with some backward projections and matte paintings, and the absurdity of adult responses to the exploits of Timmy's and Robby borders on the surreal absurdity of Dalian. Yet it is obvious that filmmakers have no sense of the sublime absurdity evoked by the film because it is played straight, which makes it even more funny. Regarding the main functionality? Forbidden Planet deserves all its congratulations. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and much better than Star Wars, although shot twenty years later, seems a lot more outdated and juvenile. Only films such as 2001: Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two films of Terminator have truly equaled or exceeded this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It's good to know that, despite Planet's Forbidden "happy ending", it's also possible that the MOTI is still dormant at Alta. After all, she is her father's daughter and has had a nightmare even stronger than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. In addition, the film only "show" the MOTI once and never shows the Krel, because the imagination can always cause greater fears than the best special effects. The film also uses narrative ellipses to condense the narrative, which much more realistic art films often fail. Forbidden Planet is one of the few films that both define but transcend its time, unlike other science fiction movies that were rather allegories of the Cold War. Look, and you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But even if you do not do it, there's always Anne Francis's skinnydipping scene. That alone is timeless.
