Forbidden Planet is considered a landmark in science fiction, while remaining carefully in the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, nerve lovers will like it) while playing with images and ideas contemporary values ​​from the 1950s. The isolated Morbius house is a modern design model with open spaces leading to carved gardens, a pool and the latest household appliance: Robby the Robot. "The dream of a housewife!" exclaims the captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. concept. There is a touch of the drama of the Pacific War in battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the saucer. The post-atomic fear that science is the enemy is perhaps the most opportune. Arrogant scientists will unwittingly bring down destruction in their blind pursuit of knowledge. <br /> <br /> Yet the suburb drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems particularly recent the kind of science fiction. They are neither fanatics nor heroes, but ordinary sailors crossing the galaxy with the brutality and honesty of a soldier. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the extraterrestrials are gone so long that we do not even know what they look like - although their music - the "atmospheric tones" of Bebe and Louis Barron are now remarkably futurists. The views of Morbius' house are really strange with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the saucer is right on this side of Buck Rogers. Visually, there is a lot to love. Although we have monsters and fantastic robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a slow-paced, talkative brain movie. He works on several levels at once: difficult science-fiction against space adventure, philosophy against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of suburban touches. Despite all their speeches on the space, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. The fatal discovery of Morbius is a modest educational institution, a school. The most interesting character is Altaira, the daughter of Morbius. Having never seen a man, it is immediately transmitted to the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who creates her own clothes and seizes every opportunity to change clothes. Imagine Christina Aguilera with a domestic replicator. The men who watch the film might see her as a naive girl in a mini-dress, but every woman knows that there is no naive girl in a mini-dress. Anne Francis deserves a better recognition for having humiliated the Leut by kisses. Alas, we will never know if she "worked" as he suspects, because the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for his attention. She is the character who makes the important change in the film. Shocked that her father compares the dead Doc to the other "beasts" of her landing party, she turns away from her father, her house, to go with the sailors to Earth. It is this act of challenge, of maturity, that throws the creature of Morbius on the identity cards, destroying its creator allegorically, as it had done thousands of centuries ago for the Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe the Krell also had teenage girls ...?
