The only thing I knew about this movie before I saw it was Robby The Robot. My misconception was that it was another of a long series of sci-fi movies that the 1950s were known for. How wrong I was. Big studio, big budget and great production values ​​make it a serious candidate, at least visually, for the best science-fiction film of the time. I visually qualify with the word, because "War Of The Worlds" is much darker and scary than "Forbidden Planet", and probably fits the mold better for an incursion into a foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me was immediately the rendering of the colors of the cinematography, followed by the complexity and scope of the details involved in the house and laboratory of Mr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But it was just the prelude to the icing on the cake, the labyrinthine underground which served as stronghold for Krell. It turned out that the Krell technology was even more advanced than that of "Star Wars". What made me think, the audience of this film at the time of its release were probably the same type of fear that the amateurs of theater in 1977 with SW or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching it on a big screen TV in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm pretty resistant to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> It is not an exaggeration to imagine "Forbidden Planet" in direct antecedent of the TV series 'Star Trek'; Gene Roddenberry himself said the film had a big influence on his vision of the series. Enthusiasts of this ephemeral series will easily recognize the elements of the plot used here that have been revealed in 'Star Trek'. I had to make a double take when the men of United Planets Cruiser C57-V headed for a teleportation room, while the riddle presented to Robby that made it impossible to answer was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> The film definitely took a cerebral turn with the very idea of ​​"monsters of Id". The fact that Morbius himself used his subconscious mind to defend Altar IV was certainly a unique concept in 1956, when all the sci-fi films of the day dealt with Martians or other grotesque spatial creatures. The film works a subtle magic on this viewer helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV shortly before the commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explains it. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, The year 2200 is not so far away. This film is perhaps the one that really includes exploring and living on other planets. But I think they will have to create a more elegant version of Robby.
