I'm always so frustrated that the majority of sci-fi movies are true westerns or intergalactic war dramas. Even visually brilliant Star Wars has one of its central images, a "futuristic gang that can not shoot right". Imagine that you meet about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them with open fire, and they are missing. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and I wish there were more films for the one who thinks. Forbidden Planet, one of the first of its kind, remains one of the best. The story is based on a long-extinct civilization, the Krell, who created machines that could reinforce the intelligence of any being by quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what they did not expect is that the brain is a center of ideas other than intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, the Id, as Freud calls it, is left behind. He is released in sleep, a bad dream has come to bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who pushed his brain to this level and so built machines and defenses that barely keep him one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his own mind. His thoughts create horrors that he will soon be unable to defend. The Krell, a much superior species, could not stop it; it destroyed them. The landing part never really interested me. The rest of the actors are rather interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have caused quite a reaction among teenagers in their fifties. His father's anger is exacerbated by his innocence and wolfy fifties astronauts (as they look more like construction workers than real astronauts). They always try to understand "ladies". The cook is a great character, with his obsession for hooch. Robbie the robot has a lot more personality than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock might not be the soulmate of this artificial creature's literal thinking. The whole film is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius can not go back and he is therefore destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few sci-fi movies that are worth seeing more than once; It is a project that can enter the 21st century.
