I think "Anyway ..." is a dazzling movie. Really. Tom Barman has spent years doing it, and it shows: each scene is neat, makes sense, ... I think most agree on this point. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of history. I'm afraid it will cause us to be swamped with "traditional" stories all the time. I mean, what you can do with a book, you can not do it with a movie, what you can get with a movie, you can not do it by just telling a friend. The problem is that we are so used to movies, series, ... to be just a filmed version of a story; a visual record of events - as when you watch the news - that we expect each film to have this epic feature: a strong story with lots of unusual events. And I insist on the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see on television in newspapers, movies, series ... very unusual things, unique situations in their lives. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same style "hollywood big explosion": a guy is fired, a couple is reunited, a car is stolen ... and of course, very usual things. And it's strong: the fact of being able to appreciate all this, this universe, is art. And I agree that what can only be achieved in films is the atmosphere created by the score and the photography that occupies a central place. But not as in traditional video films (visual blockbusters such as the matrix); he serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, every time, we feel Tom Barman's love for Antwerp and his urban lifestyle. And he has no interest in this film, like "to teach us" something; and he does not have a big story to tell with incredible storyline twists. It just shows ordinary people with everyday lives, a city, all with their good and bad sides and says: it's us, it's our city, it's life, let's take advantage of it. So basically, "Anyway ..." is not just that super groovy movie, it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe not even intended ) that most movies that really intend to get a message. A disadvantage: now it will be five years to see the next picture of Barman, and everyone will expect so much ...
