WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, resembles all Sirk's movies from the mid-1950s - pure melodrama. Yet it is a rich and developed melodrama, and Sirk's trademark, colorful expressionism, frantic palpitations, barely suppressed emotions, symbolism and the juxtaposition of classes make this film a dream. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly four central characters and the plot being presented as credits continue to roll. Sirk uses an intelligent flashback structure to take us into his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are gorgeous, as are the two "children" of Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions of dollars, thanks to the Hadley oil sector. Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), who is both poor and poor, is Kyle's lifelong friend and Marylee's dream lover. Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim and attractive young woman who falls in love with Kyle after picking up a phone and driving it through the countryside one night. Mitch likes it too, but Kyle wins it. They get married quickly and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be in the wind, and it will not be long before Marylee (who will have "Mitch", marriage or no marriage) connivance, Mitch secretly hit, Lucy confused and sad drunkard Kyle. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just wonderful as Marylee Hadley, who deserves her Oscar for best actress in a supporting role. She steals every scene she is in. Stack is almost as good, amplifying the melodrama, while maintaining a subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more restricted than these two, while remaining consistent with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what is all this melodrama? And many things. Stack's powerful portrait of male insufficiency and fear, on the one hand. Sirk surrounds Stack of phallic symbols throughout the movie - note his little gun, the oil rigs and the ultimate phallic symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack seems to be suffering from a huge complex of male superiority, aggravated by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson, and the suspicion that his wife is still studying with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley is still at the wrong end of the city, buying cheap corn liquor as a "tramp". <br /> <br /> These are impossible dreams and having to abandon them. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were children is constantly mentioned throughout the film, symbolizing the wish of Kyle and Marylee for the innocence and simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene perfectly shot by Malone, Marylee's stands by the river and imagines herself again as a child, with Mitch's voice telling Marylee that she will still be his daughter. This is where Sirk emits a huge emotion to the viewer. Who has not dreamed of returning to this special place of childhood? Who has not, at some point, lived on a precious memory? Who did not want something they could not have? And the last line of Hudson's film (yes, he has no dialogue in the last 10 minutes, but only close-ups) reminds us how "we are far from the river, Marylee". Unbelievable.
