Director Douglas Sirk once said "there is a very short distance between great art and trash, and the trash that contains madness is of this quality even closer to art". This statement perfectly defines his cinema, a unique set of works including classic adaptations, adventure and war films, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br />, dramas with music. The music sets the tone for its masterful style and each brushstroke (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the canvas transformed into a screen. But it is not life but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show the reality, quite the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (including Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real. Remember that his golden period coincides with the moment when Hollywood films turned his attention to social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel without cause). Sirk always knew that cinema was supposed to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another statement from Sirk summarizes this: "You can not touch the real, nor touch it, you just see reflections.If you try to capture the happiness itself, your fingers do not meet only glass. "I challenge anyone who has seen Written on the wind count the number of mirrors and mirrored images that appear on the screen, and we end up giving up. <br /> <br /> We are in a room filled with mirrors where there is no difference between the true and its false copy.No one can say that the Hadley are real people.This city is not real either, with these ugly oil pumps. in this area, the acting is affected, the decoration is wrong, the turn is visible, everything is a bit far from the limit (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower, for example) Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> `The angles are the thoughts of the director; lighting is his philosophy. In Written on the wind, we follow the fall of a traditional way of life as well geometric as light and shadows. The Hadley house, with its different levels connected by a spiral staircase, works in a strictly metaphorical way. A house that looks like a mausoleum, no party can cheer. As the tragedy progresses from daylight to night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the colors of the clothes they wear. The drama is thus integrated into all the elements serving the profession of director. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "narrator of stories" because he was bending the standard material assigned to him. Writing on the wind is a good example. It would not work between other hands. <br /> <br /> The other director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for the 1950s comedy the same as Sirk was for melodrama. Their films are full of the machinery of American life - advertising, televisions, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to portray its emptiness and decline. I am inclined to think that their films have been perceived differently by their contemporary audience. The game was played by both sides, so it was a camp. Now we consider them as "cult" or "weird" because we are no longer such spectators. That's why Todd Haynes's homage, "Away from Heaven," turns into a pastiche, because today he reproduces Sirk's work as if nothing had happened between them. Then Sirk is interested in exactly this painting hanging in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk perfectly understood the elements of melodrama. There were always some unshakeable characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against whom he could assemble a split series. His balance through the antithesis is remarkable and, unsurprisingly, we attach great importance to the separate characters, because these are also the ones that interest Sirk. When Robert Stack flies the plane and Lauren Bacall "tries" with all kinds of worldly conveniences from the world below (Faust's obvious echoes), we are strangely fascinated by him, as we are when the devilish little nymphomaniac evokes his past with pain Mitch alone near the river. <br /> <br /> In the world of Sirk, the "happy endings" often imposed by the studio have no negative impact. In fact, they worked very well. Sirk loved Greek tragedy and regarded happy ends as the two ex-machined ones of his day. Thus, the final scene is going well and we must not forget that the whole film is told in flashback. We know from the beginning that the tragedy will still fall on the late Hadley. <br /> <br /> the many similarities between Written on the Wind and the Godfather saga. I totally agree and I am sure the parallel is not incidental. Both share the theme of the powerful old father who tries to maintain his empire while protecting his family. The capricious son described by Robert Stack has an astonishing physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The fight against his sister's friend is symmetrical. The non-son in whom the old man has trusted is also common in both films, as is the fact that both families bear the names of their city. Even details such as the door to the property and the leafy surroundings of the house suggest that Coppola thought of the wind as he set his masterpiece. Because the two films deal with the subject of power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and its inheritance (even the barrenness of Kyle Hadley, the event that hastens the turmoil, is a question easily related to the central theme of power, in this case, a weakness in sexual power). Citizen Kane is the other great film that deals with power and uses American life as a representation. One would not think at first about the similarities between Welles and Sirk's films, but there are many, beginning with the petroleum industry as the source of the family's fortune and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), in the role of Charles Foster Kane, was adopted by a guardian, having his own father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) interprets the fathers of Wayne and Kane. This detail is not a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in all its aspects, both in execution and in vision, in style and in technique, which highlights the career of this artist. wonderful director. Some say it's his best movie. In my opinion, "A magnificent obsession", "All that the sky allows", "There are always tomorrows" and "Imitation of life" are just as good. And for those who have placed Sirk at Dallas or Dinasty, I do not wish them a happy ending.
