I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To take up the remarks of the previous comment, the claustrophobic feeling and the colors of the film are quite intentional and reflect the feeling of limited space, of dull architecture, of general dullness which constitutes the urban environment of most inhabitants. Central and Eastern Europe. That's what I would describe as a rather shabby housing project style, and that's how many people live on the outskirts of big cities. I can not say that I know Bucharest, Romania, where the action took place, but I live and live in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I went to study in Russia for a semester, my whole group had to slide their seven-story luggage down the stairs of a shabby student dormitory, as does the heroine when she moves in with a woman. because the elevators did not work. But I agree with the critic that the claustrophobia and the muted colors are excessive, because there are of course beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historic city center. Eastern Europe, and Bucharest does not have a lot of footage in this movie. For me, watching this film reflects the claustrophobia I would feel during my six months here, feeling trapped and limited. (This allows you to understand why someone would want to immigrate and find a better life, just like people who hope to escape an urban ghetto in the United States.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate Homophobia, In the United States, in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love are forced to keep their love a very private affair; therefore, the focus on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is remarkable and commendable in my opinion that this film on the strange theme was even shot in Romania, and I find the complaint of the previous comment about the bad film quality rather misinformed and condescending. The director and producer are unlikely to have leveraged much support and funding from the government for their film, and they did their best with their likely limited resources. The actors were good enough and credible; the dialogue was overall well done and I was able to identify these women. <br /> <br /> The film adds an extra touch to the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, a free, energetic and playful spirit, with an obscure and troubling secret (her admiration and love for a an abusive and incestuous brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexandra, a brilliant, bookish and idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her college education. The opposites attract each other and their personalities seem to complement each other, even if there is a certain tension between Alexandra, an ambitious studious and intellectual, and Kiki, who seems to go to university to please her parents. Keeping their hidden love from their parents seems manageable, although we have no idea of ​​the tension needed, or we see or meet other students - hard to believe - and the tension that would have kept their love secret would have dissipated involved. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and his difficulty in trying to harm his relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give him the strength to finally tighten that bond, or does he do it? This is what the film's suspense focuses on as the story unfolds, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's "love of illness" is not a love for another woman, but her, incestuous love for her brother. So, to love a woman offers the potential cure for the illness of loving a brother or sister. <br /> <br /> Even though this film impression is stifling and claustrophobic, too much confined to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, she was still attractive and touching to watch, so I'll give her a 7.
