At the Oscars on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Female Role for her exhilarating and scorching performance of the spoiled heiress of a Texas oil tycoon in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 boiler, adapted from Robert Wilder's novel, was a real three-ring circus featuring alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's portrayal of Marylee Hadley, a rich and lonely girl who appeased the pain of rejection of a former childhood girlfriend, was representative of the film as a whole. Hypnotizing to watch even as he resorts to the melodrama of the "lowest common denominator", WRITTEN ON THE WIND is finally the work of a man, the incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, emigrated from the period before the Second World War, Weimar Germany. The legacy of European theater to pursue his career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> An extremely erudite man, Sirk became known in the 1950s as a reliable director of lavish soap operas at Universal Studios, thanks in part to productions by Ross Hunter. OF BEAUTIFUL OBSESSION, ALL THAT THE SKY ALLOWS AND IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the constraints of Universal's unobtrusive entertainment and create a more sensational "adult" product, hence the sensual WIND and its follow-up, TARNISHED ANGELS from 1957, both published under the banner Universal International. . One can only guess why Sirk did not address more noble themes, but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas appealed more to his artistic sensibility. WRITTEN ON THE WIND could be considered an epic soap opera of Sirk; in fact, it is so prey to human vulnerability and neurosis as it is described among the very rich that it is as imperative to look like a real domestic feud between rich and famous, perhaps even more. Robert Stack (who is not an actor known for his excessive humor) almost corresponds to that of Malone with his offer of weak brother, Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he discovers that he is unable to imbibe his new wife (a beautiful leonine, Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes deep into himself, thus aggravating an already serious alcohol problem with a "secret" fetish "who threatens to turn it into a human time bomb. . Brothers and sisters, as venal and improbable as they are, are presented as victims of their past, which gives them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly the unbelievably handsome Rock Hudson, Hadley's old friend and business associate, the old man's substitute son and Malone's object of unapproachable desire.) Despite all the domestic co-dependence on the screen, it's not both the story that is told. With a real panache for composing and editing images, the director Sirk attracts his audience in this picture Technicolor cinematograph the highest you can imagine: each shot in this film is a canvas of saturating colors that enchants eyes. at the sight of a pink Cadillac looking like a tank heading up to the doors of a huge mansion and the gaudy decor of a luxury hotel in Miami, a spectrum of hues almost blinding in their diversity. and dramatic scenes depict Sirk's clever use of slanted camera angles, dark lighting, and cross-cut editing, which is highlighted in the scene where a rebellious Malone drunk drunk without fault in his room on the floor to the powerful sound of a turntable the father precariously climbs the grand staircase; the scene is so captivating that you swear you are living a great oedipal drama. What you actually see is an extremely entertaining basket, assaulted in a dark technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
