I first saw this film when it was released in 1987. I was deeply moved by the guilt of what my fellow white humans could do to innocent people and by the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities. committed against the man. /> <br /> The funeral of Steve Biko, made even more vivid and percussive by the South African anthem played at this time, was particularly moving. I thought for a long time that this film had succeeded what no one else had managed to do: open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a sensible and normal person and I can testify to how this film has changed my way of thinking not only in South Africa, but also as whites, that we perceive blacks. I have never seen a difference between people of all colors and beliefs, but after watching this film, I radically changed my life. Over the last 17 years, I have lived in a predominantly black country and helped many people to overcome their current standard of living and achieve what they would not have thought possible. Honestly, the greatest reward I can say is to be able to say that, in my own way, I have contributed and corrected a little balance. But if more people thought like me and really did something to help blacks without looking for a reward, the entire black population of this planet would be a little better off. <br /> <br /> I challenge anyone sensible to look at Cry Freedom from beginning to end and no longer feel moved by the emotions you feel when you witness the brutal death of 700 school kids in Sharpville for having refused to learn the Afrikaans, the senseless murder of Steve Biko, such a defender of the rights of his people, and ultimately, to understand that all this is not just a film, even magnificent, but that all this really happened less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and watch it if you can go out and party. I could not I was too upset to know the truth. This is the mark of a great movie. Evidently, Sir Richard Attenborough intended to convey this message about South Africa. Of course, he has reached it. Unless you support apartheid. God help you.
