What a brilliant film. I will admit that it is very ambitious, with the subject. A little over two and a half hours is also a very long film. But none of these indicators are in any way defects. Cry Freedom is a powerful, moving and captivating film that tells the story of black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to make South Africa aware of the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the film suffers from too much wood not enough of Biko. I may be wrong, but although this is Biko's story, it is told in Woods' perspective. Woods is therefore an important person in the transmission of Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom has an incredible visual effect. With breathtaking cinematography and stunning South African landscapes, it was a visual feast. The opening scenes in particular were brilliantly shot. George Fenton's music has brought dramatic weight to most scenes. It was subtle in the scenes of the second half, but upsetting and dramatic in the crowd scenes. The scenario was of exceptional quality, the audience scenes with Biko were enough to make you think of something really fantastic. The first period, centered on Biko, was constantly moving, be it the attack by the police of South African citizens or the death of Biko. The second half entirely devoted to Donald Woods is less emotional, but it is offset by the way it is shot, interpreted and written. And there are also parts that are truly suspenseful. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional on the part of the cast, the most minor character in the two main roles, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents, but you can forgive yourself so easily for how much performance you are attracted to. Denzel Washington, in one of his most unobtrusive performances, gives a performance as convincing as Biko, and Kevin Kline shows he can be as good at drama as he is at comedy because he gave a rather subtle performance to match that of Washington. And the chemistry of both men is credible and never strikes a wrong note. Penelope Wilton is charming in the role of Donald's wife, Wendy, and she is still a great actress. On support performance, and there may be some bias, two stood out for me. One of them was Timothy West, who loves his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the always outstanding John Thaw in a dazzling role that froze in the role of Kruger. The management of Lord Richard Attenborough is targeted and always sensitive, as usual. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a really wonderful movie. He is ambitious and long, but never ceases to be convincing, powerful and moving. A true winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of much praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
