"The true story of the friendship that rocked South Africa and woke up the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring to life the story of Steve Biko, the journey and problems experienced by journalist Donald Woods in his story told. The film uses Wood's two books for his information and his base - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is grappling with the terrible apartheid that keeps blacks apart from whites and ranks whites in the higher race. Blacks are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of towns and villages and are frequently harassed by police and military. A dawn incursion into a slum is presented to us, as bulldozers and armed police force make their way through the camp, striking and even killing locals. We then meet Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative article about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to his home. The two are suspicious of each other at first, but they quickly become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from the point of view of blacks at Woods. This encourages Woods to denounce what is happening around him and encourages him to make the story of Steve Biko come out of the clutches of South Africa and the white world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and is killed in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to flee South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> The first time I heard about "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a film entirely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before seeing this film, because the events in this movie were really before my time. But it is more about the story of Donald Woods and his crossing the border in Lesotho as he tried to escape the South African authorities. Woods was placed under house arrest for five years after the murder of Steve Biko. So, to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered a betrayal in South Africa and that could have brought Woods to a fate similar to that of Biko. The real Donald Woods and his wife played the role of consultants for this film. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is only in the movie during the first hour, and I was disappointed because I expected to see it for the duration of the film. movie. But he was amazing as Steve Biko and captured his personality from what I read very well and his accent seemed perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline delivers an excellent performance evoking thought in the role of Donald Woods and Penelope Wilton is excellent in the sense of his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe, as it was pointless to say that there were problems when trying to film it. in South Africa. In South Africa, the South African Gestapo followed the film crew all over the place, so they had the bad mood and pulled out to get to neighboring Zimbabwe. In spite of this, and the fact that apartheid did not end seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. Bombings took place in movie theaters that broadcast the film. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough shows the horrors of apartheid on screen with extreme force and determination. He does not hide at the end of the film when he shows what should be a peaceful demonstration of students in a slum, turns into a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the authors of anti-apartheid movements who died in prison and the explanations of their deaths. Many had "no explanation". There are many who were "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many others fell from the top of the stairs or were "Suicide from Hanging". No one will ever know what has really happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died in their hands, but in the hands of others; or to be more precise, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see for his portrait and story of Steve Biko. It is also a gripping and devastating portrait of a beautiful divided land and struggling with the hell of racial segregation and violence.
