CRY FREEDOM is an excellent guide for those who want to get a glimpse of the cruelty of apartheid in just a few hours. Famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the collaboration between Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and this film, gives CRY FREEDOM greater authenticity. The video just released actually lasts a little over two and a half hours since 23 minutes of additional footage was inserted into a mini-TV series after the film's first theatrical release. If the added length reinforces the defects of the film, including the uneven development of characters and general stereotypes, another possible flaw (insist on the fate of white characters compared to that of Africans) can be a force. Considering CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (as I think, because of its artistic merits), history is one that black Africans know only too well, even though the younger generation may need it to see it on film to have all its impact. . It is the whites who have always been the target audience of the film and the book and who, hopefully, encourage them to change. Twelve years after the production of the film, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. Nearly ten years after the Black majority rule was put in place, at least theoretically, CRY FREEDOM's 1987 ideals remain largely unrealized. It remains as imperative as ever for white South Africans, especially the youngest who have only heard of these actions, to see them and absorb the messages of the film. In total contrast to American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggles of South Africans have been told only by two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE WELL LOVED COUNTRY (OK, count it twice if you include the remake), and SARAFINA (did I miss one?). The three dramas also awkwardly feature American and British actors in both black and white roles. No South African actor played a major role (white, color, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another South African international drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biopic (also highly recommended) was published after the introduction of the black majority regime, MANDELA was played by an American black (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original film CRY THE BELOVED), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was played by Michael Caine (British) very British, a good performance if you can deny that the very essence of the Afrikanerdom is a vehemently anti-British sentiment. Until the local SABC TV and African channels tackle their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is as authentic as possible. As vilified as whites (especially Afrikaners) are described in the film, any observer observer (not occasional) in South Africa, even in 1999, without forgetting 1977, when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will generally find the attitudes of whites towards Blacks restricted. even minimized. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in hindsight, it's amazing that reconciliation can take place, and it's true. But CRY FREEDOM at the moment shows that little has really changed in people's minds and that the goal of African blacks in FREEDOM and reconciliation is still going on. That's why, if you're new, CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
