In some ways, The Wrath of Kriemhild exceeds Siegfried's death, but also loses some of the grandeur of this film. The plot of it is more consistent than the first, which is pretty amazing. The second half of the poem is much slower and hard to navigate until you arrive at the extreme battle scenes; only the Iliads are better. Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns. The poet-compiler of the Nibelungenlied did not know a Hun from his right balloon and, therefore, they are more or less the same as the Burgundians in custom. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern while Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry her), her first thing she does is to go to Mass. The Huns here are clearly pagans; they are almost like the caveman. Their performance is hilarious, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character received more weight. He is much more formidable. He only deplores his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou perfectly master the suspense, especially on the banquet scene, which is interspersed with the second performance of Verbal with an amazing effect. However, just like the nature of this half of the poem, the amazing technical achievements of the film are absent from it, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence in which Etzel's room is destroyed with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to object to is the way Harbou changes the end. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand captured Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and asks him to reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses and she decapitates her brother herself. When Hagen still refuses, she decapitates him. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would like to murder a great warrior and beheaded her, calling her a "demonic woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says a silly thing like, "Ah me!" I can understand why they would like to keep a unit of time and place as Hildebrand brings them from the castle; keeping the prison setting of the two dead would make the film very anti-climatic. I also understand why they did not ask Hildebrand to kill Kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is mentioned only once. But having Kriemhild killed by adopting the death of Brynhild from Icelandic sources only satisfies the public instead of challenging him. The essential point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond what should be in the realm of pure evil. Here we simply make her die for her lost love. It's not so interesting.
