See also my commentary on Die Nibelungen, Part 1: Siegfried. <br /> <br /> The second part of the gigantic production of the saga Nibelungen performed by UFA studio continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotionally detached from its predecessor. However, while the first part was a passionless depiction of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic representation of large-scale bleeding. <br /> <br /> As in the first part, the director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, with the rhythm of the action and the complexity of the composition of the shot, gradually increasing and decreasing according to the tone of each scene. These images should only be viewed with the perfect score of Gottfried Huppertz, who is happily on Kino's DVD. Now, with this focus on mass action, Lang is facing greater challenges in staging. The action sequences of his early films were often poorly constructed, but now he simply integrates them into this rhythmic flow, the level of activity on the screen magnifying like an orchestra. <br /> <br /> one made us attend the adventures of Siegfried with lightness and without excitement, the second part presents the war as a devastating tragedy. In both images, there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection to the characters. That's why Lang keeps the camera out of action, never allowing us to feel like we're there (and that's important because involving the audience is normally a distinction from Lang's work). It is also for this reason that the representations are artificially theatrical and that the actors stumble like constipated somnambulists. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Kriemhild's vengeance constantly deals with emotions and is in fact deeply humanistic. The only moment of naturalism is the moment when Atilla is holding her baby for the first time, and Lang actually emphasizes the tenderness of this scene as she prepares herself with the crazy frantic race of the huns. The fact is that Lang never manipulates us to take sides, and in this respect, this version has more in common with the original saga than Wagner's opera. The culminating massacre is the very antithesis of an animated battle scene. Why then Hitler and co. to have tears in their eyes, a fact that has unfairly tarnished the reputation of these films? Because the Nazis' unwavering racial ideology allowed them to automatically think of the Nibelung as good men, even if they killed babies and betrayed their own parents. For Hitler, their fall would always be a nationalist and not a human tragedy. <br /> <br /> But for us, non-Nazi viewers, what makes this photo enjoyable is its magnificent sense of pomp and musical rhythm. When you see these fully developed silent images of Lang, you realize how much he has been wasted in Hollywood. Rather than harassing him with low-budget cauldrons, they should have put him to work for some epic epics, images that do not need to be credible and must not move us emotionally, where it's poetic . , the operatic tone that carries us away.
