An absurdly hilarious and surprisingly human story of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a marriage of beetles, the pioneer of Russian animation Wladyslaw Starewicz "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("The revenge of the cameraman" or "The revenge of a cameraman"), bursting with very effective stop-motion puppets and an overflowing imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely unfounded marriage, and both aspire to more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's desires can only be fulfilled by the beautiful exotic dancer of the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, which he visits every time he makes a "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands it. Another admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous of the fact that Mr. Beetle stole his wife and, as fate would have it, he is also a film cameraman. The sneaky grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance in a hotel room, where he films their exploits through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Mrs. Beetle has also acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. He is an artist and he brings him a painting as a gift before they both sit on the couch for more privacy. At this point, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and attends the whole show. As Mr. Beetle passes the front door, the artist friend climbs the chimney, but he does not escape without Mr. Beetle first venting his anger and frustration. <br /> <br /> There is some irony. in the following statement: "Mr. Coccinelle is generous, he forgives his wife and takes her to the cinema." He is generous enough to forgive him, yet he was also unfaithful a few minutes ago. For the moment, however, we have not yet forgotten the jealous cameraman who was preparing his revenge, and it is not surprising that he becomes the projectionist of the film that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle attend. Suddenly, the film they enjoy is filmed by the film showing Mr. Beetle's disloyalty and the angry woman hits him on the head with an umbrella, before her husband, scared and angry, dives across the theater screen looking for the grasshopper. <Br/> <br /> In the final scene, Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, who are enjoying themselves a little more now, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought revenge for final. We hope indeed that "the home life of beetles will be less exciting in the future ??" This film may seem like a simple story of the coming and going of a tiny insect species, but Starewicz communicates much more than that. This is not a history of beetles ?? it's a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, is not it ?!
