For animation enthusiasts, this is a must, but even the general public will appreciate THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of "pixilation" by the hard-nosed pioneer, Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants carefully manipulated a group of soft insect figurines to tell this story, paving the way for artists like Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> <br /> THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE lasts only about 10 minutes, but it has many fun details as the story follows the adventures of two beetles: from home to a nightclub , a hotel, a cinema and, possibly, a prison cell. There are two short dance acts at the discotheque (played by a frog and a dragonfly), a fight between a beetle and a grasshopper and a big Donnybrook at the cinema, which ends with the projector catching fire. Some pretty elaborate beginnings for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay had just started, and Walt Disney was still in grade school! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note, too, what impact changing the title cards of a silent movie can have on the story told. I saw two versions of this movie offered by two video companies and watched them back to back. Although the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different intertitle games tell two very different stories. (And the diagram of the plot provided by someone above tells a third story again, suggesting that there is another version somewhere.) The British Film Institute printout, which contains Ritual Titles tells the story of two beetles brothers, each secretly married, who hide this information from each other in order to inherit the fortune of their late father. The other, the Russian print, tells a simpler story of coleopters married guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend in the "Gay Dragonfly" disco, while in the English version, his brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music hall. Personally, I prefer the simple and rather piquant story of Russia; BFI's version tries to introduce too much intrigue into what should be a simple story, and some rhymes are a little annoying. <br /> <br /> However, in any interpretation, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful film, and would be an ideal entry for another great animated work that starred beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
