Mary Pickford has often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite film role. Well said! She played the role twice and for this version that she herself produced, she not only had to buy the rights of Adolph Zukor, but even gave her a credit on the film's main title card . Needless to say, his description of this role is the most rewarding. Indeed, in my opinion, the film itself is considered one of the best experiences of all time silent film. <br /> <br /> Of course, director John S. Robertson does not move his camera one inch from beginning to end, but in the hands of Robertson, this assignment not only matters but is probably more effective . A leading creative artist, Robertson is a master of rhythm, camera angles and editing. He has also brilliantly shot the natural performance of all his players. Jean Hersholt, who decrees the heavy, is so disgusting, it is difficult to believe that he is the same man with the kindness of Dr. Christian; Lloyd Hughes holds one of the best acting positions in his career. Admittedly, this is probably not what Ms. White had planned, but it serves the plot admirably, otherwise we would have trouble explaining why the dean spent a fortune in defense without making any attempt to determine who actually shot the shot that killed his future. brother! Needless to say, this particular quality of the friendly hero is downplayed by Jack Ging in the 1960 version, which completely removes the author's virulent attack on underbearing and bourgeois Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest advances here a step or two surprised by the interruption, but makes no attempt to help our brave little heroine in performing duties that he himself would have been responsible for administering. It is a very moving scene because it is presented in a realistic way. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also gives a glimpse of the work of another actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely dedicated to silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote herself entirely to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, easily reachable in Pasadena, but I bet no one had the courage to interview him. Another lost opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson made only a mediocre impression as Skinner. I thought he was a little lost and a look at his filmography proves it: he usually played with priests or judges! But David Torrence, as usual, was superb. <br /> <br /> In all, an expensive production with beautiful photographs and wonderful production values.
