If it had been the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also starring Mary Pickford), I would have probably rated it much higher, because this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was rather typical of teenagers. However, in 1922, this film was already beginning to show its age. And, compared to many of Pickford's other films (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS is a bit short - and not all Pickford movies deserve a 10 (even though it was Now, that does not mean it's a bad movie - it certainly is not, but I really do not see how so many people have given this movie a rating of 10. <br> The film has a very long and complicated plot, especially because most of the films from this era were shorter.A rich old crank built a manor at the top of a hill by the river. At the bottom of the hill are dirty squatters that he hates but can not evict, so he tries to find ways to get them off the ground, ending up in a tragedy, when his girlfriend's fiance is killed in a fight with the people of the street The man accused of the murder is the dear father of the vi Mary, although he is innocent. To make matters worse, the only witness to the real murder will not speak AND the dead would have put his fiancée pregnant! So at this point, we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman who is afraid to tell her moralizing father that she is "family-style". There's a lot more in the movie, like the crank's that falls in love with Mary, but it's better to see it for yourself. <br /> <br /> The film excels in some ways. The plot, although very complicated, is also quite interesting and the cinematography is first rate. The final scene is as pretty. However, there is so much sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so courageous, the viewer can sometimes have trouble understanding. Although it worked wonders in 1922 (making her the biggest star in the world), it is now very dated. This is not true of all his films, but this one certainly is. <br /> <br /> By the way, the DVD of Image Entertainment is of good quality, even if some scenes are very degraded - which is not the case very surprising considering the age of the film. In addition, the only extras included are a brief filmography.
