Madhur Bhandarkar gave everything raw. But the best part is that he did not forget to give the ingredients. The viewer had the chance to make his choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of naked truth, no matter how rude it is. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and loves her job. A simple and peaceful life adores her with a caring boyfriend and a beautiful Pearl roommate. She covers page 3 (Celebrity Page) of Nation Today, where she has a very enthusiastic publisher, Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.) But she resumed her life the first day and she walks away from page 3 to get into the crime bit. Omigosh! a whole new world was waiting for him there. She is shocked, excited, stunned by the revelation. His reaction resulted in the loss of work. In the end, she is back on page 3. Now, when she meets a celebrity at a party, she knows their real appearance, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The film has a message and it's raw. The public must have their own color. The theme and the scenario were fantastic. There are some very good ideas for preparing the audience. As the preliminaries club is shown before the pedophile show, the short suspense before the gay action in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at realizing it. The two words of Charu Mohanty say a lot and he succeeds very well to pronounce these two words with such ingenuity, it leaves an impact. The overall selections could have been better. The songs are nowhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high impact. There were some visible flaws. Atul Kulkarni explaining to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be associated with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue because it sounds like a preaching. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not call for action. This scene seems very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a must-see movie with selective options before the pedophile incident. It can ruin your mood.
