Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film which is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and celebrities while providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrities are partying to infinity, they love to be seen at these parties, and to get exposure in the media. In fact, the film would have us believe that this exhibition makes celebrities more socialist and newspapers have an important role to play in this regard. IMO there is a lot more synergy between celebrities and the media and it's kind of a relationship "I need you, you need me". However, the media needs celebrities more, not the other way around. Anyway, in this context of constant feast, the social columnist (page 3 of the newspaper), the journalist Konkana Sen Sharma. She is presented as this fabulous celebrity, very popular at social gatherings. She has a good friend at Abhijeet, a homosexual, and in the dummy in trouble, Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She rooms with a flight attendant? the sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and an actress in trouble - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor-in-chief of the newspaper is Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni plays the role of a journalist of the judicial police. The movie has almost too much plot and character hijacking, but works at a certain level. Most rich people are rotten to the heart, the film industry proved to be fishy at most with casting scenarios, the exploitation of power, the thirst to be exposed to the media. Homosexuality mixes with all this, a homosexual encounter that does not seem to have much to do with storytelling or conspiracy, rampant drug use, pedophilia, the "police" death of the police. In light of all this desire for Pearl to have a super rich husband, a socialite girl indulging in sex in a car, bastards, everything seems to be a benign disease. <br /> <br /> The film has an absolutely excellent game of Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role ?? pity in my opinion. But the cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). That's what saves the film for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites much more than he can chew or turn into celluloid and turns the film into free film for all. I would have liked him to focus on one or two aspects of society's ills and explore them more effectively. He condemns the exploitation of the company, but exploits all the ingredients necessary for the success of a film. We have an article number as part of a Bollywood themed party, drug kids dance a perfectly choreographed dance on a Western beat. I hope that Madhur Bhandarkar's next film will dare to abandon even more stereotypical ingredients of the Hindi film. The film is a brave effort (albeit imperfect), which certainly deserves a watch.
