Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes to expose societal dirt. The film is convincing, but like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and too pessimistic. This film is entirely devoted to tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the life of social personalities, whose lifestyle is disastrously boastful, particular and disgusting. They celebrate, they only care about the glory, they plan funeral parties, they want more money and a better reputation, they will do everything to make the media sufficiently known, so that their names are printed in bold on everyday social networks. column called "page 3" with huge photographs that will be the focus of people's discussions. They are attentive, salacious and hypocritical. The film industry is presented as gloomy, casting being a common phenomenon among filmmakers. This is where our charming heroine, a young social columnist, Madhvi Sharma, is rejected. All of these Mumbai elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to befriend these parties if you want her to mention you in her article. Later in the film, we learn that even Madhvi's friends are no different from those of high society. It has been difficult for me, although the film is undoubtedly brave and the issues are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music of the film is average. The only acceptable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung respectively by the two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. A particularly horrible song is "Filmy Very Filmy". The writing of the film is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, as it becomes more factual and exposes much larger problems, such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film should be applauded. It was sad to know that people preferred to ignore these crimes out of fear and that the disappointment of Konkona Sen Sharma's character was very easy to understand. She has been excellent throughout the film and her role in the last scenes has been particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni's role was very small, but he did it fully. Boman Irani is solid as a publisher of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is adorable as Madhvi's impertinent roommate, Pearl, who marries an old man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The end of the film is really well done and provides a certain sigh of relief after an incredibly tough procedure. Page 3 is a good film, it is interesting and sometimes moving, but its level of interest and its overall quality are marred by its exaggerated, excessively messy and negative representation of the rich and celebrities.
