Visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented quarterback of high school considered the savior who will eventually lead his team to victory over his rival Simpson, is told by a so-called reader of In Romania, people do not have the right to read a lot of books, so she started to read in her hands that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, do not do not make an appointment, you will be busy. "). Well, who would have thought .. Tony is actually bitten and his life would be changed forever. After his father unfortunately died accidentally in his bomb shelter (!) In unusual circumstances (pulling his son werewolf in a metal bomb shelter is not a very good idea, especially if the ball does not not out of the room and bouncing like a madly mad flipper), Tony travels the country for years, until he gets tired of packing, and returns decades (and many US presidents) later to hopefully lead his football team to a victory over Simpson ... a task he abandoned long ago. What was once a very white and well defined high school has indeed become a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what the Full Moon High School graduation ball looks like in the early 80s, think of Studio 54 with teenagers .. <br /> <br /> The parody of Werewolf movies from Larry Cohen, among others, is full of gags, tributes and jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the sex-ed class where Tony reveals to the 80s class his transformation into a werewolf and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars does is not on the screen). worse psychiatrist on Earth. His task of repelling a rider resulted in the fall of two men from a balcony ... the rider and a fireman (trying, at first, to dissuade him), both angry at Brand! The brand even tries to get Tony to sign a hesitation that his body is given to science so he can get a fur coat for his wife! Kenneth Mars made me roll in the ground as a gay football coach (.. and later in the 80s as the main) who likes to fondle his players. The scene in which Tony unveils the truth to the classic adult class. The film is full of inspired casting choices. Beautiful characters and interpretations of the cast are also at the rendezvous. Ed McMahon is a very conservative soldier who looks like Joseph McCathy, next to his photo in the bomb shelter (Joanne Nail incarnated by Ricky nowadays, fallen in love with the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy, nerdy and sexually assaulted schoolteacher (... and abuser) who finds Tony, James Dixon's MP, attractive (her big scene wins her a line to her police chief who recites her in front of Dr. Brand who begins to express herself to memorize), Roz Kelly as Jane, an unwavering devoted woman who desires Tony solely for herself constantly demanding that he raps her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, a longtime friend of Tony and now chief of police, who only had Jane after her friend's departure, I can not forget JM J Bullock, the gay son of Flynn who tries to fit into school in hope to find a lady with hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like the way the movie pays tribute to the werewolf type, like when he's on the lookout .. he's often mentioned in newspapers like Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek .. and I do not speak to the face. He is considered more as an annoyance than a danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are nice, and the shtick violin is also fun. Cohen throws so many zingers at the viewer that he ends up sticking to it. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not all jokes have their mark, but many do. The casting is worth it. The movie looks cheap on Larry Cohen's typical budget. Note the scenes of the 1950s when the old cast members who came on the road wore garish wigs. Adam adored in the lead..It is the perfect aluminum for the gags who follow him and the zingers he lets escape the scenario of Cohen. The film moves quickly, rarely holding its breath. I liked this horror comedy more than most people, it seems.
