I'm not kidding with this summary and vote! Video distributors have portrayed this as a typical werewolf movie of the '80s, but it's actually the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, having realized for the horror movie what "Blazing Saddles" did for the western. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (In general, I'm not impressed), and I think comedy should be the hardest genre to work for filmmakers and actors - you just need the right type of film. touch to succeed, and partly to have good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so much so, that it's easy to shame the Zucker / Abrams team "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best of them is the very presence of Ed McMahon in a leading role as a John Birch-style bribe. Jokes, non-sequencers, jokes and puns are literally incessant and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been screened. The ironic tone is very similar to that of "Back to the Future". <br /> <br /> Some people (that is, almost all the critics here) must have been put off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter and is one of those movies in which you never know what genre. the crazy situation will sweat next. Given that the extraordinary movie B, Larry Cohen, had not yet made a comedy pure and simple, it seems he was catching up the time lost including any joke his colleagues might think. If Mel Brooks had done it, the critics would have described it as a comic masterpiece, but as it was done by Cohen, she was rejected as a schlock. Critics have called this movie too "stupid". IDIOT? What is a comedy supposed to be - serious ?! In any case, I laughed more for this film than any other I can think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - including himself, with many references to his usual brand of low-rent movies; He and the actors must have had a great time doing that. <br /> <br /> The humor is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watching a lot of B-movies (especially the horror) will love this. Trust me: the movie is not so hard to find and as long as you accept it for what it is - a laughing belly roller coaster with no social value - then you'll really enjoy it! One note: This film should somehow go down in history as the only thing in which Bob Saget played (even briefly) and that was actually funny.
