I do not know why people except a lot of independent low-budget movies, but I enjoyed this one because I am an urban horror fan. There are not many urban horror movies, so when I saw this on the shelf, only the title aroused my curiosity. So I decided to check and I was surprised ... it's not too often that you meet a low budget independent horror movie with a very good acting and a good story. Is it a small budget? Yes. Can you say it's a small budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you are so engrossed in the story that it does not matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I do not know what's going on with all those bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie of all time". Did these idiots see EVERY movie? There are thousands of movies, how can you rate one as "the worst" of all time? A video that does not look like a "movie" like "zombiez" is perhaps the worst film I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie ever since I I have not seen all the movies. In the end, these people who gave this movie bad reviews are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like urban, minority, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc., then WHY WATCH THESE TYPES OF MOVIES ??? !!! knowing that you do not like this stuff? Of course, it's a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but a URBAN horror movie with a multicultural cast. I do not like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or the O.C., they pamper me. Films like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" suck me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and these series and movies make me shit. Why? Because I can not understand them. They do not arouse my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never look at GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, MARRIAGE BREAKS 2: Here is a sequel to torture you again from the first day, so sucked and I COUS HUCKABORING. Let's go back now to this movie, regarding the comment of saint405 above, I do not know if this guy was smoking crack or was hit "stupid" by his drunk father before watching the movie but for me all the world has done a great job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an aspiring actor myself, who goes from theater to my school and I had to play a room in which I had to cry. It's not easy to be emotional in a scene, so I give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and who can shoot it off. Anyway, I liked this movie and I have never heard of these actors and directors before, but you have to bet that I'm going to get their movie for now and if they read it, BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! I'm outside. Jerzee Representative '!
