Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come to play and where even the boys of DA Hood can not stop them. This low budget direct video production seems to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The ghetto setting and the hip-hop soundtrack can be an added attraction for downtown dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works in a medical research center while raising his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored by cheese macaroni dinners in their lodge, prefers to spend his time with his street friends, Marco and Kev. Apparently, African-American high school dropouts do not have much to do on this side of the bay unless they sell drugs and fight with their counterparts, including rival Latin-American gang leaders. . Ricky plans to sell the home of their deceased parents and settle in the Castro Valley, a more bourgeois and probably safer environment. Unfortunately, before that happens, a shootout leaving Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky, seized with grief, tries a last desperate ploy. He asks Scotty, his laboratory assistant, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula they tested on rats. When a double dose fails to restore Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But something fun is happening on the way to the morgue. The boy is revived in the form of a grumbling, grumbling zombie, chewing the ambulance drivers and moving away in the night, avenged and hungry for fresh meat. Binge eating infects more victims, and before dark, East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the blood-stained undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But small budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Think of Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman's Poe Quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead, and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and awful has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than many hundreds of millions of dollars of recent high-priced horrors. The cheap has its charms. In really cheap movies, actors wear their own clothes in real-life conditions. Here, the terraced houses have walls freshly painted in matte neutral tones, which confers a melancholy as oppressive as Douglas Sirk's 1950s bourgeois melodramas. The lines seem more improvised than scripted. "So what are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for everything that seems out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls Romero, a former military. "I have a huge problem that we have to deal with quickly." "No problem," said the mercer, closing his phone and taking his weapons. Everyone has guns, and even when fighting zombies, they are on the phone, as they are not today? The information is exchanged with a naturalistic euphemism. "What happened?" "We embarked on the adventure with crazy mothers." "Deja F N 'vu, this is the zombie from the park ..." Ricky must even expel his girlfriend trembling, saying only: "She lost control of her hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this one provides a pattern of chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gangsters who shot him and continue the roar. It's an urban film that involves its own social commentary, a guerrilla-like production suggesting a future for low-budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who have registered their names as if they were anticipating a new movement, can inspire others to tell stories from their personal experience rather than mimic a tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have created an inexpensive but technically acceptable function on the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson does the work, Eduardo Quiroz's music is no simpler than Carpenter's haunted Halloween theme, and the hip-hop songs of The Darkroom Familia and others add an atmosphere. The result is promising if it's not really exciting. They learn their trade and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never improved, their neighbor may be the one to watch.
