There have been "racing" images almost since the beginning of the film industry. Films featuring almost all black castes were made by segregated Poverty Row studios (mostly white) for ghetto theaters. With the urban scourge growing in the 1970s, this idea was revived by a wave of "blaxploitation" images made for urban homes that covered black actors and a fun atmosphere on traditional B-movie intrigues. This trend has even spread to horror movies, with titles like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving versions of blaxploitation of monster standards. And he did not die with the closure of most urban theaters ?? he's just slowly entered the video era and continues with direct versions of low-budget DVDs like this one. Ed, Hood and Living Living, by Jose Quiroz, adopt the recent popularity of horror movies among hip-hop audiences. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young Oakland scientist who is trying to protect his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) from problems after their parents' deaths. After Jermaine was shot by drug traffickers, Ricky decided to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he was working on to try and save the teenager's life. Apparently, his efforts are in vain and Jermaine's body is carried away. However, the body never goes to the morgue? Jermaine resumes in the coroner's van in the shape of a flesh-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then attacks the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. After hearing from Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about Ricky's attack on the gangsters, Ricky believes the only thing to do is capture Jermaine and try to cover up all the crime. case before his accomplice, Scott (Chris Angelo) get arrested for the chaos they caused. However, they quickly realize that the contagion is spreading too quickly for them to control it. Keeping things simple, the Quiroz team manages to produce a little fun horror feature without spreading so much that things start to look bad. Along the way, they also add some interesting deals. When confronted for the first time with a zombie, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head, like in movies!" ?? an effective way to find out how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first blow to the head does not kill the brain, adding to the spectator's discomfort. Another positive point is that the soundtrack only uses the sub-Eminem style rap in a limited way, with standard "scary" music.
