Most of the negative reviews on this website attribute to "Hood of the Living Dead" one of the following reasons: 1) it is a low-budget movie, playing virtually no role; 2) It was so bad that it made me laugh 3) It's something I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective question whether or not you like low budget and independent projects. I must say, however, that I still can not understand people who rent a movie like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then look surprised when they realize it's not as polite and cute as Romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. . Regarding the second point, I really do not see what's wrong with laughter. Personally, I like to laugh and love movies that I like, be it comedies or horror movies. When I was in "Hammerhead", I saw this girl enter a PUDDLE and the shark-man came out to eat it, I cracked. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure pleasure. Honestly, laughing just makes me feel good, while it seems like a lot of people who write reviews see this as a bad thing. If you only want to feel sad and scared watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget movies are definitely not for you. But please, do not come and tell us that you find them ludicrous. We already know it. That's probably why we decided to watch the film in first place. However, this is the third point that leaves us totally puzzled. Just a few years ago, spectators were queuing to see "Blair Witch Project", a much more rudimentary, boring, intriguing and badly played movie than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and seriously). In addition, half a million people watch the short films of "Lonelygirl15" on YouTube every day, which everyone can do with a pretty girlfriend, a play and a webcam! Not to mention all the more amateur videos you can find here. Why do not people blame these clips for their bad action and their non-existent plot? I think one of the best things of our time is that everyone, with affordable technology and a group of friends, can create their own movies and share them with people with similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends doing something really bad (but refreshing) like this one rather than shopping at the mall or playing video games alone . Set aside your prejudices and your desire to look like a smart movie critic by attacking B-movies. You'll find that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as its creators! If you like refreshing and pleasant homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not look in the basement", "The worst horror movie ever", "Redneck Zombies", "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
