Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure that it's really a Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, it's certainly a very interesting little film. I hesitate to call it a Giallo because the movie does not present most of the things that make these movies what they are. but many genre entries break the mold, and this seems to be one of them. The film does not present murders as brutal as many Giallo do, but it is offset by a surreal atmosphere and a confusing plot to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough in that it concerns a doctor murdered by Julie, his patient, who, for some reason, sees him as his father and lover and is offended by the fact that he leaves her. We then move to a large house inhabited by a number of people, but nothing is really as it seems, there are many secrets surrounding various events that occurred before Julie's arrival ... <br /> < The film seems to profess something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. It never really happens, and I preferred to sit down and enjoy what was happening rather than worry about what the movie is trying to do (if any). Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director of the excellent Night of the Doomed a few years ago. It does not create the atmosphere as well in this film as in the previous one. but the surrealistic aspects of the story stand out and the mystery is always kept, which prevents the film from becoming boring. The film stars Rosemary Dexter, who provides eye candy throughout and also offers a good performance. Most of the other actors are not worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is a good villain in the play, and Alida Valli, whose fans will remember a a multitude of excellent cult movies. The film is explained in the end; which is a chance because I am sure that I am not the only spectator to have been a little confused! Overall, this may not be classic. but it's pretty good and worth the trip.
