This little seen film is a languishing and relaxed giallo. He moves away from some clichés of the genre and takes a more flexible approach. This is a woman looking for her missing lover. a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason. Her research leads her to a villa populated by a group of eccentric individuals. In true giallo style, murder is never far away. <br /> <br /> The cast is really pretty good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Frank Horst (Cat o 'Nine Tails) and a very young Sybil Danning (80 years old, the queen of howls). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter and, although I do not know her well, she does a good job directing the film. <br /> <br /> One of the hallmarks of Eye in the Labyrinth is his music. Atypically for a giallo, he has a soundtrack of jazz-rock fusion. This score, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, recalls that of Miles Davis, including his work on In A Silent Way. This is an excellent soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel to that of most gialli. The fusion groove accentuates the languid atmosphere and completes the sunny landscape at the edge of the sea that mainly composes the film. <br /> <br /> It's a giallo, so we really have to talk about the decisive elements of the murder. Well, this movie is a bit short in this regard. It is certainly not devoid of them, but they are rare. The opening dream murder is probably the best offer and a sequence of cars on fire memorable. But it's not really a particularly violent film. Nevertheless, I do not think that should disappoint too many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is quite convincing and it has enough quirky characters (the silly Saro boy and this accent accent surprisingly inappropriate?) And weird moments to satisfy; while the social factor is maintained with a little nudity everywhere. <br /> <br /> "Eye in the Labyrinth" plays like a giallo version of the mystery of Agatha Christie, because it includes a group of unattractive characters in a villa, all under the suspicion of murder; we have the obligatory flashbacks detailing their links with the last hours of the victim of the murder (highly unsympathetic). Although this is not an example of the Category A genre, it is quite different, since it does not borrow too many other films from the subgenre. For lovers of giallo, I approve this project and I hope that one day we will have a good DVD transfer. This certainly deserves treatment.
