I have not seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a kid, so I can not really compare both versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in the country when the father has to take a new job in San Francisco. Pets, convinced that they have been abandoned, escape and leave for a long journey back into the wild. <br /> <br /> This story might have been more easily filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are actually action movies made with real animals. A major difference is that in the latest version, animals speak in human voices, giving everyone their own personality, which was not done in the original movie. (A similar device of talking animals has been used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been rather devious about the use of this device, but I think that giving animals a personality of their own helps to strengthen the film rather than weaken it. Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox, and Sally Fields were the voices of the stars. <br /> <br /> The two dogs are male and their relationship is similar to that which exists between many humans in "buddy-buddy" movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wise and experienced old dog; The youngest is risky, insolent and impulsive. In the eyes of the British, Chance looks like a boxer, but is actually an American bulldog, who is apparently a different breed from his British cousin. Sassy the cat is a woman with a rather primitive and suitable personality. She is very proud of her cat status, which makes her much better than any dog. ("Cats dominate, dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From the point of view of adults, the film has a number of flaws; it may be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as the one in which animals manage to catapult a mountain lion into the river) are quite incredible, and the human characters are completely forgettable. However, this is a film that targets mainly children and I think they will benefit enormously. Certainly, every child who loves animals will do it. (The comments of professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who have complained that the animal voice attenuated the "grandeur" of the film, only reinforce the feeling that professional critics are not always the best film guides. I doubt that many conversations on the playground about "Homeward Bound" focused on his supposed greatness). <br /> <br /> Adults will appreciate the photographs of California's Sierra Nevada Mountains. They can also enjoy the mixture of humor and excitement of the film as runaway animals face dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the wild. It's a very nice family film. 7/10
