I saw this film for the first time when I was about 6 or 7 years old and I did not think it was anything particularly special. As time went on, I watched it a few more times and it started to grow as I began to understand the moral of the film, which I will come back to later. For a moment, I left this movie alone and did not watch it for a moment. When I was looking for an old classic movie to watch a few weeks ago (now 15 years old), I turned to VHS. After watching this, I stayed on a natural peak that I could not really explain. The film provides an incredible joy that you never really expect. The cinematic nature of three completely different animals working together to find their way home is really sending the message that no matter how different you are, you can always find common ground, something that you all need. The choice of character personalities is really fantastic. In this, you have an old wise golden retriever, caregiver or guiding the chance, the young American bulldog loving fun although slightly awkward, with impertinent intelligent cat, vulnerable but confident. The film follows these three friends or companions in a journey so impossible that it creates a magic to the extent that you begin to believe that this trip can take place. <br /> <br /> I do not want to feel like I'm grabbing the soft tissue when it comes to movies, I assure you I'm quite the opposite, but the most exhilarating part of this movie is without a doubt the shadow of return, when The shadow tries desperately to escape and the chance and the impertinent painfully ask him to leave. When the two animals return to their beloved owners, there is silence until the shadow of all the spectators separates it from the horizon. There is a fine line between comforting and filthy garbage, but this film is pure magic, even at the age of 15. This film may not be the lord of the rings, but for Disney to produce such a fantastic movie using animals and to climb in like he does at this age, he deserves 10/10.
