This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> Few actors have an intangible. This innate quality is an amalgam of charisma, panache and boastfulness. It's the quality that can separate the good actors from the real big ones. I think George Clooney has it, as does Jack Nicholson. You can watch Clooney's subtle touches in scenes like his farewell to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when they speak scornfully. "Terry" "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's shows from as far back as Five Easy Pieces in A Few Good Men's dining room and his interrogation scene in the courtroom. These guys just have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the narrow and exclusive list of actors who emit this extraordinary trait in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive edge diatribes in The Siege and his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's movie of the same name, you can see that there is no better performer today. I do not mention all this to imply that Man On Fire is perfect just because of Denzel's work, but it is definitely the work of production. I was literally fascinated by some of his scenes that were raw, emotional and incendiary. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy, a former CIA agent, spy or one of those secret agents of the government. He has almost reached the bottom of the stone while he is disillusioned by the life he has led. He killed and maybe did things that are better not to say, which made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps his mentor, played with great reserve by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico and earns a very good living by offering rich bodyguard services. Apparently, the abduction sector in Mexico is so dynamic that these former paid employees, S.E.A.L.s and others, can do very well while providing an essential service. Creasey needs work and accepts work with a well-made family that seems to be in financial trouble. Marc Anthony is doing well like Samuel, Radha Mitchell is incredibly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning is incredibly brilliant and early as Pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range to interpret the characters but she interprets Pita worthy of the Oscars. The entire first half of the movie depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy and if there was a weaker actress in the role, this emotional synergy might not have been so succinct. But the role of Fanning is remarkable. <br /> <br /> It's the relationship between Pita and Creasy that leads this film to the top of the cinema. Together, they are perfect and a real bond has developed between them. Tony Scott leads with a frantic urgency and his sense of vision has never been so beautiful. I'm interested to see how his next movie, Domino, is going. I think Scott is one of the least rated directors of today. With more movies like this, his name will surely switch to icon status. <br /> <br /> The story of Creasy is really related to Pita and. There is a clear link between the two and maybe it comes from the fact that although Pita loves his father, he is not very active. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy takes Pita to her swimming competition. He reads his stories at bedtime and she calls his teddy bear "Creasy". It's not just a friendship between them, it's more a kinship relationship and a deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The film changes the subject when Pita gets kidnapped and ransomed and Creasy is almost fatally injured trying to protect her. It is here that the story becomes heavy with insinuations and ripe for deception as the pieces of the plot disintegrate like an onion. And that's where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said earlier, I've seen Denzel perform exceptionally well in movies like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen it that way. He is a possessed man and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he literally becomes a man on fire. It's raging in him as he hunts and tastes his lifestyle. The anger and ardor of Denzel are ubiquitous and hard to suppress, as he tracks down every person responsible for the violation of Pita. This quite legitimate justice like the Mexican authorities always seem to be late. <br /> <br /> Moreover, what is important for the daring genius of this film is that there are few films that actually give criminals the pledge they deserve. I have often been frustrated watching movies where the bad guys are easily dumped. They inflict all sorts of torments on the whole film, then they take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland ensures that compensation is unequivocal and painful. The perpetrators feel Creasy's anger and experience the torture he unleashes. His style of justice is not superfluous. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places destined for something else. There are no punches shot here and this is one of the film's great strengths. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best movies of 2004. Now that it's on DVD, my recommendation is: get the SE. It is full of bonus features including about 6 hours of documentaries and different commentary tracks. 10/10
