When I remember seeing the previews of this movie without thinking too much about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, it's amazing, then when it comes out, you hear nothing and you miss it completely, and your memory does not correct the mistake of missing it . Man On Fire was one of those movies. Once I was curious to rent a car and decided to bring it home, my precious Blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched it and saw such a beautiful film. It's like none other than drama and action combined to create something incredibly spectacular. The cinematography done by Tony Scott is extremely well done and unique, unlike another film. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to vocals, and the music is very intriguing for tuning. I went into this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I was able to leave the house to go to Best Buy. I have watched it many times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does an incredible job of becoming that lost-minded special forces man with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) restores her life from the beginning with her eternal love. They bond and become good friends until he is kidnapped by notorious gangsters from the Hermandad fraternity. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he will sue the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows who he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's abduction and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his pursuit. My favorite line of all is in this film, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent: "A man is a work of art, in everything he does ... cooking, whatever. Creasy's art is death ... he's talking about painting his masterpiece. "He plays a unique role of Creasy's former partner and friend. After finally suing the brother of "The Voice", leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organizes a meeting to exchange Pita for himself and The Voice's brother. In the end, Creasy dies of being hit by a bullet earlier and his wound is infected and massive blood loss. It is a very sincere and sad end, but excellent. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable movie. The story is in-depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing at all, in any way whatsoever.
