In Mexico, it is also common for girls to give me their phone number, so if you are rich, you will need a good bodyguard to ensure your safety and that of your children. A couple hires a washed bodyguard named Creasy to protect their adorable Pita kid. At first, their relationship is tad-buggy, but after a while, Creasy lets go of the girl and both develop a father / daughter relationship. One day, Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is seriously injured. When he wakes up, he discovers that the girl was killed because of a ransom negotiation that went wrong, which puts Creasy on the right track: find the men responsible for his death and make sure they be brought before his justice. <Br /> <br /> -Let a little Tylenol close to you while you watch this movie because you will have to take it after watching it. I love the story of going to extremes to get revenge, because most movies just want revenge, but they never go too far, because they show how far a man can go to do what he thinks is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the director of photography because I'm sure he went into this movie thinking he was going to shoot an action movie and he was probably very excited, but instead, he found himself stuck as a DP for a filmmaker who believes that the whole movie should look like it was possessed by demons. It would not bother me if the shitty visuals were limited to a few action scenes, but when they are shown throughout the movie, then we have problems. The same boring style was recently used on "Domino" and looks a lot like this movie, but this style hurt a great movie. <br /> <br /> - Another person I regret for this movie was soon Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music from jagged images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the film, but I'm sure if the film had been more stable, his music would have been much better. The sound is used wrongly throughout the film and instead of improving the movie experience, it gives you the impression of being punished. The overuse of the subwoofer is irritating because every 5 seconds or so, you can hear a serious and serious sound. I do not know why Scott thought that the audience should be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - The game in the movie is a beast despite the visual effects. Little Fanning still does a great job here and the scene at the end of the film breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, then he is dead inside. Denzel Washington violates his rule of not making any action movie with this movie and, fortunately, he has to play a great character. The idea of ​​a man lost in life and suddenly tragic finds his reason to be in his life is not new, but Washington brings a little heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love the way we see him go from lonely to learning to feel emotions and to becoming a cold instrument of revenge after kidnapping. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Marc Anthony and she is with Fanning the two reasons why I can not hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband comes and goes in the movie but he does not stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all play a minimal role in the film, but they have an impact. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is the way filmmakers try to disguise the way they describe Mexico by calling it a beautiful city at the end of the film. A little too late for that if you ask me. Hopefully Tony Scott will have finished this phase of intentionally trying to ruin his career, as a filmmaker as talented as he can and must do better than that.
