You know that something different awaits you when a film tells Christopher Walken the role of a professional hit-man - and he's not even one of the villains! While this can be done with careful cut-outs here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective crime drama that ranges from sentimentally open to brutal - and just about every tone imaginable between the two. <br /> <Denzel Washington embodies Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left the company and seeks a form of redemption for the sins he has committed. Until now, he was looking for answers in a bottle and the Bible and was not doing very well with one or the other. At the beginning of the film, Mexico City was ravaged by a series of kidnappings targeting the most powerful and wealthy, possibly perpetrated by the police force in charge of maintaining public order in the community. Creasy accepts the position of bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who rightly fears for her safety. The first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Creasy and his charge, Pita, a charming little girl who, slowly but surely, advances in the heart and hardened affections of Creasy. The last two-thirds of the film turns into an Avenging Angel melodrama, as Creasy systematically searches for and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs early in the story. <br /> <br /> According to AJ Quinnell's novel, "Man on Fire", written brilliantly by Brian Helgeland and brilliantly directed by Tony Scott, is an action-packed movie of disconcerting efficiency that never fears the brutality of his subject. It is risky to ask us to identify ourselves with a man who, for all intents and purposes, achieves his redemption by torturing and murdering (certainly unsavory) people. These scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and suspenseful, even if they sometimes border the operator. Even better are the quiet and intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural and friendly relationship that helps set the stage for chaos and the turmoil that will follow. <br /> <br /> Washington wears the film with its quality of stoic justice, allowing us to understand his character. emotionally, even if what he does escapes us intellectually. Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini are also performing well. But it is Washington and the charming Mrs. Fanning who steal the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better with about half an hour of release, but it's still better- crime thriller than average.
