Although released from a flurry of vengeance action movies (KILL BILL VOL.2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works as well as it does largely thanks to the ever-observable Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ In Quinnell's 1980 novel (shot for the first time in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington embodies an unlucky mercenary who now refrains from drink a flash of Jack Daniels, until his former partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance to buy. He is a 10-year-old daughter of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his US-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning first work as oil and water (not very well mixed), he really manages to form a bond with her, encouraging her to do better swimming while trying to same time to deal with the demons of the past. . It is this same link that will force Washington to resume its old job when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a $ 10 million ransom. He is almost killed. With almost every other action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the ensuing bloodbath would be the same repetitive schlock we've seen a million times before. But the character of Washington, although he kills for a reason, does not particularly like doing what he does. Nevertheless, he receives the help of a very fearless Mexican journalist (Rachel Ticotin) to denounce "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), the gang of kidnappers responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> to a certain extent, because of his work in the camera, edit editing that causes almost headaches and various cinematic actions comparable to those of his director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE), but who are not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver Stone uses the montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic movies of the 60s and 70s). Nevertheless, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as well as from Fanning, who is much more than a typical movie buff. Harry Gregson-Williams' Spanish guitar score south of the border is reinforced by the splash of soundtracks by Chopin, Debussy and even Linda Ronstadt's 1977 classic country-rock version of "Blue Bayou". Although the film is generally quite violent, it is no worse than most of the action films of the last ten years and, overall, it is much better than most movies.
