Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide on the Fleurieu Peninsula in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a filming location. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is considered a romantic comedy. This could be a bit of a misnomer, because it's not a hilarious film, nor really romantic in the traditional sense, but there are light moments. Just like life itself, there are also moments of sadness. It is also entirely shot on the aforementioned nudist beach, and nudity is ubiquitous in the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept this as usual and to focus on the plot, not on the volume of flesh. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car in a car overlooking the beach. Park. They bring their belongings to the beach and, as they walk, Simon's voice over tells of his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the movie is an exploration of this, framed by a full day at the beach. The basic story is about what happens in Simon's love life, but many other characters are also highlighted in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, Simon and Marcie seem to be bored. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon is bored with everything. We meet Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk together on the beach and discuss Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, helped by the "powers" of a necklace that brings good luck to his grandmother. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all "attractive" and young (this is part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> To serve beach guests, there is an ice cream vendor with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), a friend of Simon's and his unofficial advisor. I think this character is the main element of the comic. It's hard to say, because nothing at Ben would make you laugh out loud, unless you're intoxicated, male and very young! Maslin Beach, however, has one important feature: it does not linger too long on a particular topic. As the quality of the game is variable, the scenario is suspect and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a boon. In fact, there is something in this film (not nudity) that I find appealing. It is difficult to define what it is, but it could be due to his outspokenness and his "Australian" attitude towards carnal subjects. <br /> <br /> The work of the camera at Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with beautiful static images and "pots" of the beach, cliffs and a sunset. Nudity being a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. Free does not exist in the frame, which means that the framing is done so that the camera does not dwell on "private" body parts. This helps to dispel any feelings of discomfort by the viewer of being in the "personal space" of the subject and makes the film more elegant. It's not an easy task, considering the location of the filming. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is neither a "skin film" for post-pubescent men loaded with testosterone, nor a romance of "Mills and Boon" for an underrated woman. Maslin Beach does not seem to be part of the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the sense of "Baywatch", they are just "normal" people you would see anywhere on the beach. He has no message to pass and he would not even act as tourist advertising, except perhaps for naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the filming could have taken place in any sunny country. This film is typically Australian, it is the fact that it is not applicable (cinema verite?), And only Australian cinema and other national cinemas of average size could consider such an option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have the opportunity to experience their quest for identity and a "failure" will not hurt their reputation. It is still possible, given the fact that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film becomes an international popularity, but it is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this review, I had a very negative tone, sometimes, about Maslin Beach. This is not the true position because I found the film very easy to watch. I appreciated it as a reflection of the near reality and real people (and problems). The problems discussed in the film are those of everyday life and a little about the show. It does not hurt me and I wish more films deal with everyday life like this one. There is a link here with cinemas in Europe and with the French film in particular. They rarely deal with major disasters or disasters, but with everyday life. Hollywood is in direct opposition to that and is surfing on the hyper-real wave of action / drama / anguish. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it's not the reality. Maslin Beach is not exactly "Jacques Tati" either, but it is on the right track, even if it ignores the problems of multiculturalism, equality, gender equality, etc., which are so prevalent. importance in the current cinema. I'm sure you'll like or dislike this movie, with little room for a happy medium. <br /> <br />
