"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different from all the other Muppet films made so far. On the one hand, it remains the only Muppet movie not to belong to Disney. Since 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney holds the rights to the Muppets. In addition, this film has a very nonlinear history and unpredictable events. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's very difficult to beat the original 1979 "Muppet Movie", especially since this movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, the amazingly realistic scenarios are perhaps better than "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie". In the first film, all that the Muppets have to do is go to Hollywood, enter an agent's office and they immediately receive a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film, the Muppets learn that they must work to achieve the desired success, and it is much harder to do than they had imagined, especially in the entertainment industry. This is an important and often overlooked message, as long as one wishes to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, being small and clothed, do not necessarily need to live in a spacious place or even eat. Above all, their struggle to achieve this after the end of their college education creates a very good story. Another note: the celebrity cameos in the movie were cool, and they surprisingly managed not to turn the spotlight on the Muppets. This ability is a testimony of Henson and the appeal of Muppet characters even for adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls flat, and that's where people will disagree with me, is with some of the key songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "It will make me happy" was too dark for an occasion as happy as a wedding. It looked more like a song that was played at a funeral. Whenever I watch this film, hearing this song makes me unusually depressed, especially when the film starts with such an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends happily, by the way. "Saying Goodbye" was also a sad number, but it suited the film better because the Muppets were separating and were not sure they would see each other again. This last song was so disappointing, and perhaps even added to the misery of young viewers to see their favorite Muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is a good movie overall. it works to the rhythm of a drum different from that of other Muppet films, including the most recent ones made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film also goes in the same direction. I just wanted the film to end on a better song that is not so melancholy. In addition, Disney should have got hold of the copyrights of this film and give it an appropriate DVD version. Maybe it will be a day. We will see.
