It was Muppet's third film and Jim Henson's latest film to participate in the premiere of the film before his untimely death in 1990. The first three films featuring the famous characters were all shot and released in theaters before my birth. Originally, I saw the first and second installments of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper", in the mid-90s, when I was not a kid, but I did not see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan", until April 2007. It was shortly after seeing his two predecessors and "1996 Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time since many years. This third Muppet movie certainly did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second viewing, almost three years later, may not have impressed me so much, but if it were not not the case, he certainly would not have gone too far downstream. <Br /> <br /> The Muppets musical "Manhattan Melodies" is a huge success on the university campus. They are graduates of the university and will soon leave, but decide that they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try to get their show on Broadway. After their arrival, they start looking for a producer, but after many refusals, they finally decide to separate and go looking for work. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit stays, and remains determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang. He works in a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly connects with Pete's daughter, Jenny, a future fashion designer who is currently working at her father's restaurant as a waitress. While Kermit continues his attempts to reach fame, now with Jenny's help, he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is spying on her now. She starts to see Kermit and Jenny together, and for her, it looks like they are getting closer, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it looked disappointing at first. It seemed a little hasty, fuzzy and maybe even forgotten at first. There are amusing passages in this part of the film, such as Animal chasing a woman in the public on the university campus, but for a while, the film seemed bland to me compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before it changed. The film is mostly entertaining, with "Saying Goodbye", the poignant song that the Muppets sing, and a lot of things going on afterwards. The two funniest parts may be Miss Piggy's seizures after seeing Kermit and Jenny kissing, but there have been many other times I've laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with others bear. The Muppets still have their charm and their comic antics, which of course also helps to carry the film in most cases, just like the plot, simple but intriguing for all ages. There are weaker moments, such as the sequence of the Muppet babies and the performance of Juliana Donald as Jenny is dull, but none of these problems is too big and is far from enough to ruin the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say that "The Muppet Movie", the movie that launched the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the theatrical films of the franchise made after the sad death of Henson, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still the Muppets! I will not go into the details of what I think of the 1999 Muppets film, released twenty years after their first film, because I have already explained in my review why I found it so disappointing, and even if some call, I'm clearly not alone. However, each theatrical film featuring the adorable Muppets made during Henson's life is a good entertainment for the whole family, even though the second and third slices each showed a slight drop in quality after the one that preceded it directly.
