Sometimes realism can affect the effectiveness of a movie. It's not a problem here. The sets are tacky, inside and out. Fog is omnipresent, half concealing the poor state of production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says: "Wine and spirits". The result is a set of claustrophobic scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline. This is the kind of movie in this story in Dublin, just as Jack the Ripper's movies talk about Whitechapel, shabby, foggy and paved. Who would want it otherwise? How could it have been otherwise without bankable stars, a tiny budget and a four-week filming schedule? The actors play follows the scandalously hammered movement of all. Sometimes, my God, it's really awful. Mrs. McPhillips moaning after the murder of Frankie in front of the house. Victor McLaglin, however, offers exactly the right kind of excessive performance. A closet locked him in a jacket too small for him to come out like a Frankenstein monster. Each of his movements seems to go a little further than expected. When he taps his cap on his head, he stands up on the temple. A big baby, annoying and puny, he seems constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will take him to America with his growing daughter, not a good guy in the ordinary sense of the word. Still, we squeak as he begins to spend 20 pounds, more and more during a wild and alcoholic night, as every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him further away from his dream. I would not discuss it, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for the score of Max Steiner, wow. Each movement, already exaggerated, is not only emphasized by Mickey Mouse's music but highlighted in bright yellow. That should not have happened - the heavenly choruses, the endearing little charms, the minstrel boy, the chuckling melody while McLaglen drinks from the bottle. It would have been better without any result. <br /> <br /> Well, how is he overall? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of his time. That's why I admire him. Yes, the symbolism is sometimes clumsy. McLaglen, a true model, bangs her head against a suspended sign. Fog. The blind But what impresses me is how little was tried at the time. What seems overwhelmingly artistic today is in 1936 something quite different from what we saw in most programmers wasting their time. If it's missing sometimes, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, political, moral and poetic. (The legion of modesty condemned her because of a scene in a brothel.) The goal of a director should exceed his scope, or what is a scenario? To look at now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only out of necessity. ("He knows how to live, what if he goes to tan?" Oh, it's not me I think, but all of us, Ireland itself. ") The Irish are sentimental and friendly. I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
