In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence after the difficulties of the transition between talkies. Although all the technical problems with the sound were resolved very quickly, it took longer to solve the problem of the visual appearance of the images, their structure and their behavior. The Informer is a key image in that it shows how wordsless moments can convey a story, affirming the power of images without ignoring the necessities of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the Informer is really a return to the golden days of silences. On the other hand, many silent images were not so visual in their story and were overloaded with title cards. But what the Informer has to do is the self-confidence necessary to prolong the moments between the dialogues, to concentrate more on the reactions than on the speeches and to let the shots simply take place in the atmosphere. . <br /> <br /> The director John Ford, despite all his abilities, was a filmmaker who seems to have made an effort proportional to his interest in the film. If he thought a story was silly, he was just doing it halfway. Fortunately, the informant, with his representation of the community, the honor, the working class and especially the Irish setting, was all that Ford loved and the result is one of his best works. In this document, Ford uses only too many types of shooting. The first is places ?? the streets of Dublin shrouded in fog and darkness prevent their deepest depths from being seen; dark interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to press on us. The second is that of faces, close-ups on simple backgrounds, usually without dialogue, which focus on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The main man Victor McLaglen fits in perfectly with this character and this way of filming him. McLaglen's performance does not seem like a lot, considering it's a 90% drunk act. But the remaining 10% are sincere emotions, like here and there, his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With such performances, the Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a support cast, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in comic cartoon roles, playing a dramatic role for once (although Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the stage and a lot is serious). Not only do these two offer incredibly deep performances, but their familiarity with most viewers as actors adds a poignant note to them in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced Informer, may have been the most adventurous and risk-taking of any major studio. Thanks to this, we can see a gloomy story with a despicable anti-hero at its center, which could easily have been a clumsy and serious mess, instead filled with a moody atmosphere and a depth of character that prevents us from looking draws us into his world.
