Like many people here, I started to find my patience tried by this movie. In the end, I actually shed some tears. <br /> <br /> It seems that most of the old movies hang on a length of 7 / 8th and then ignite. Older moviegoers have learned to spend their time patiently in the slowness, in the calm and the certainty that the great benefit is expected. But that's not exactly right. You see, to previous audiences, what for us the "slow parts" were the main body of the story. They watched and found an anecdotal and thematic interest. Modern spectators, post-Spielberg, are constantly waiting to be hit with a little climax every two minutes when they see older movies. This is the inflation problem of modern movies. Well, that will not happen. There is no need to apologize for these films. it's just that you have to adjust your expectations and your personal rhythm when you look at them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and The Informer is equivalent to the difference between Euripides and a roving production of Rent. Think about it for a minute or two. If Euripides still deserves an audition, the "most exciting part", for most modern viewers, begins with the IRA's court scene and continues until the last two minutes. if you are on board or even paying attention at that time, you will tear your heart. This is not a colorful, universal abstract plea for forgiveness; it's a plea on the part of a fool, and those who feel sorry for the big lummox, for a little mercy. It's as personal as that and an embarrassing call. Because after being angry with Gypo, irritated against him, thinking that he was the most stupid character of all time, you finally find yourself conquered by the scene of Gypo's girlfriend imploring another woman to persuade his man to leave him alone. <br /> <br /> The movie may be sentimental, but sentimentalism is not cheap, as some have accused. There is a question of life and death here, and as long as you take the proposition of a lifetime to a customer seriously, sentimentality is torn from the most serious things. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10. And the fault of not being 10 out of 10 is mine and to some extent yours, if you read this. We all asked for more, more, faster, faster, until we could not put ourselves in 1935 - just yesterday, really - as easily as we should.
