Once again, early morning television is an invaluable resource for films that I could never have found otherwise. At four in the morning, I got out of bed to start recording "The Informer (1935)", my fourth film by prolific American director John Ford, and an excellent film. Established during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the screenplay was adapted by Dudley Nichols from Liam O'Flaherty's eponymous novel. Although he was born in the United States and is best known for his "Americana" pictures, Ford's two parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to make the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-meaning thug who informs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie was killed during his attempted arrest, the Irish Republican Army, of which Frankie and Gypo were members, began investigating the traitor behind the incident, each clue bringing them closer and closer to the scene. real culprit. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued by the guilt of his friend's untimely death and engages in a phase of heavy drinking that rivals Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend ( 1945). " While Gypo drowns his sorrows in profuse volumes of alcohol, trapped in a small vicious circle of depression, his extravagant spending attracts the attention of IRA investigators. For the only time in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an amusing J.M. Kerrigan), who strikes him with enthusiasm in the back and calls him "King Gypo" for his physical power. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel any affection for the man and simply show him the attention to exploit him for money. The extra £ 20 brought by Frankie's death could never buy a meeting of friends in Gypo ?? In fact, in a bitter irony, money has been made possible only by betrayal and the loss of one of his only good companions. Gypo, a relatively simple man, would probably not have fully taken into account the consequences of his actions and is finally forgiven for his "ignorance of what he was doing", but his foolishness should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> Ford's film is sometimes criticized for its supposedly propagandist support for a "terrorist" organization. Although this position obviously depends on our personal opinions (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to be able to judge), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as a selfless, dedicated and impartial person, proud of his Irish patriotism. never seen. However, the main theme of the story is that of treason; driven by extreme poverty, an ordinary man betrays the trust of his good friend and comes to deeply regret his actions. The tormented Gypo is played primarily by pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a life of an unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to a disturbing death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first big Oscar winner, winning a total of four awards (out of six nominations), including Best Actor for McLaglen {who stole the statue from the "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935) ". }, Best director and best screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who declined the award because of disagreements with the Union}.
