John Ford is one of America's most influential and well-known filmmakers in film history, his name usually being associated with the Western film genre. However, John Ford's best film is certainly not a Western, but a shabby drama unfolding in the battle for the independence of the Irish in the early 1920s: The Informer of 1935. <br /> <br /> Times are hard for many in Ireland and Gypo Nolan, burned, is caught in a web of poverty and despair - and the walls are closing. Gypo is tall, but he is not the brightest bulb of the tree, he has a warm heart but a short fuse and never seems to think too much all the way through, but he is not a criminal or an egocentric pig. Gypo Nolan, very busy, finds the first lady of her life, Katie Madden, in the streets, who is begging because of her own desperate situation and begins to dream of taking her to the United States if only had the 20 books to pay for it. Coincidentally, his friend Frankie is back in town with a price of £ 20 and Gypo is desperate enough to inform the police of where Frankie is. Gypo, with the 20 pounds of blood earned, finds this foggy night particularly foggy as guilt invades her and the IRA invests all her resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen portrays the late Gypo Nolan and certainly deserves the Oscar for Best Actor, he was rewarded for this film. His brutal, stupid and tender turns give the dimension of the character and McLaglen is only the second behind the Dudley Moore character, Arthur Bach of the 1981 film, Arthur, regarded as the most entertaining cinematic drunkard. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members to really impress. Preston Foster is particularly misplaced as head of the IRA, mainly because he is clearly not Irish, and JM Kerrigan is irritating throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing secondary cast is the only negative point of the film. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of Ford's best-known westerns like The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is undoubtedly one of John Ford's best films, if not the best of him . Beginning what would be a long career of Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars including one for him as Best Director in 1936. The use of shadows and light in the film by Ford and his society is particularly interesting and vital for storytelling. The march in the streets of Gypo is told by the dark state of the city and the glaring accusations of lampposts, each shadow constantly reminding him of his dark action. Ford's mastery of this technique was incredible to watch; if The Informer was made 10 years later (which was the kind required), it would probably be considered one of the best black films of all time, but that does not stop it from being considered as an excellent classic film.
