It may be because I took a look at the history of the Irish troubles of the 1920s, then the sad civil war that swept the free state after the signing of the treaty before watching this movie. In any case, the sudden turning at the end made me cry in the eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was at the time, and we should remember it better. In this film, I think it is played as it would have been without his innate talent and his brain. For example, the scenes where his mate in the crowd challenges men to fight with him may be a reminder of what McLaglen had actually done in previous years, when he was a world-class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for this; The trivia section on IMDb shows how he misled McLaglen by giving him a very bad hangover for the trial scene. This director could also do a lot in his actors, even without these tips. But most importantly, McLaglen has control, especially when his character is almost totally blotto (which is hard for an actor to do), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with surprising depth and emotional power for someone who only saw McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet Man". I particularly like the contrast between the IRA's role as a man and the much more controlled performance he gave as IRA manager Denis Hogan in "Hangman's House". <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man", of course, McLaglen is a country in conflict with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was big and intimidating, in the old sense of the word, but he was also a good actor and able to play in wide ranges and with fine nuances of performance that we just could not expect from such a man today. hui. This is a rather sad commentary on our own expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> As usual, Ford packs a lot in a bit of film. All the characters are excellent (although the commander's predominantly American accent is embarrassing) - NOTE: there will be mess! - Knowing that Gypo has already pulled the short straw and ordered to kill a man, but let him move away, we are really empathy for the man who pulls the short straw for the Gypo's execution, and the humanity he shows, most notably when they are going to take Gypo to Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking what could have been a horrible and yet expected result to the whole story and using it instead to put together a totally unexpected ending and yet very satisfying which makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of poor Ireland during this period of torture.
