Victor McLaglen, the main character of John Ford's THE INFORMER, reminded me of Fellini's LA STRADA Circus Man. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man, who may have even been influenced by McLaglen's award-winning performance at the Oscars. Dublin, a country stricken by poverty, is the true setting of the atmosphere that takes place in 1922. A thick fog and a long wet night are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and the fight of the republican Irish army. It is the conflict of individuality and cause that makes THE INFORMER vibrate. The big, simple character of McLaglen simply wants to go to America and we often remember the signs of the ticket price. Two different signs become the psychological centerpiece of the drunken Irishman. One is the precedent, the other a WANTED sign. Should he do it and get money to leave? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said, "My name is Ford, I'm creating Westerns." After seeing this movie, it could obviously do a lot more. The serious social issues discussed here are sincere and you will think about it. And the look of the room is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows that turn into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for its beautiful and luminescent cinematography that has predicted conflicts within his characters. It's hard in color, but he did it in images like THE SEARCHERS, painting John Wayne sometimes viciously. The performance of Victor McLaglen not only benefits from the lighting, but also from the simplicity of his game. He gets stuffed a lot. He knocks people. He's a brute who does not know better. However, he should know whether or not to cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> See the movie for details. See also for patriotic representation of the IRA by McLaglen and Ford. The score of Max Steiner is innovative in the way it corresponds to the gestures of the characters, putting more emphasis on them. This was usually only seen in silent movies, especially Chaplin. The subject of naming names or "informing" is obviously always important. Just look at how the media has covered this year's Oscars, paying close attention to the scandal Elia Kazan.
