I remember watching it late at night on black and white television, long before a live-action version became a spark in Peter Jackson's eye ... and I'm very impressed. Finally, this week, I got my hands on a VHS copy that was thrown away (and that's not quite normal ...?), I had the chance to revisit this film and I found that it still resists very well, although it is not quite the success that memory had painted. <br /> <br /> I have to admit some bias here. Some critics announce themselves as Jackson's confirmed amateurs, others as Jackson's enemies; I'm not exactly either. I was a fan of Brian Sibley's BBC radio adaptation, originally released in 1981, and I immediately recognized Gollum's voice - Peter Woodthorpe would pick up this almost perfect three-year radio show later. <br /> <br /> I must say, however, that where I found Jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, the Bakshi version, although it was reduced to nothing, is actually more accurate . Yes, there are the usual and understandable changes (here it is Legolas rather than Arwen who is replaced by Glorfindel as Elf sent from Rivendell to meet the party) and there is a lot of telescoping of the action. (The only exception to this, as others have noted, is the strangely extended sequence of the Rivendell ford, where the Ringwraiths have demonstrated a paralyzing ability to freeze and attract Frodo in midair - which they deploy. again when he defies them after crossing the river - then, for some unexplained reason, chases him in a simple, prolonged, initially nightmarish, but unfounded, plot-level gallop, which lasts forever too long. I also agree that the Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly because of a bad animation, and because Gandalf laughs too much in his arms. <br /> <br /> But, having looked at both approaches of the film, I feel more than ever that the animated way is the one to follow. In a tale that is a half-myth (oddly enough, an excerpt from Beren's and Luthien's history of Aragorn is included), the extreme literalism required by the shooting of real action scenes, where everything must be created , monsters to mail-shirts. appearing in detail on the camera is counterproductive: Latex-faced monsters (or CGIs) are less monstrous than sparingly drawn forms, heroic costumes tend to look rather ridiculous on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves to the non-human body the proportions are easy to animate but difficult to film convincingly. Many critics have cited the ringwraith sniffing in the woods, with its crippled, half-human movements, as one of the scariest moments of the film. It certainly scared me when I saw it for the first time alone in the dark! <br /> The extreme stylization of the introduction (accompanied by a voice-over made with great talent and economy to sum up the story in a few sentences) illustrates very well an almost mythical era and the change to rusticism County Comic Book - I particularly like the Proudfeet - actually corresponds to the similar tone change of Tolkien's prose. I had the feeling that there were missed opportunities where the potential of the animation could have been put to good use: Gandalf threatening Bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, Bilbo seeming to become a creature similar to a Gollum under the influence of lust. to Rivendell, and Galadriel's famous temptation speech were all drawn more or less straight, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the new perceptions of hobbits. But in general, changes to the details and the palette - Bree fire light shades, bright colors resurging in Rivendell and in the Fangorn glade, gray and dirty chestnuts for Moria and the desolate lands - allow to reflect the atmosphere of the different episodes, where a real action approach simply does not allow you to blur the background or draw in a stylized setting. <br /> <br /> As a fan I made fun of Lothlorien's portrayal by Jackson or Bakshi - - Again, I have the feeling that the soundscape of the radio was the best evocation that I I met a beautiful, odd forest paradise caught out of time - and I have the feeling that Bakshi had the elves sing at this stage, but I did like this the little montage showing the various members of the Society relaxing after their trip to Moria. Aragorn giving a fencing lesson to hobbit is a sight as charming (and just as fierce) as Boromir's dealing with Hollin's hobbits in Jackson's version. <br /> <br /> Aragorn's convincing description, Ranger, has proven itself. throughout this movie (Viggo Mortensen's sullen look of Jesus did not really work), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to "clean up" the character in the second half in favor of Gondor. John Hurt, unsurprisingly, gives an excellent vocal performance, as does a resonant William Squire in the role of Gandalf. I suppose that hobbits are supposed to reflect contemporary youth as public identification numbers: I find that the animated style (their proportions are much more "caricatural" than those of human characters) works well to differentiate them, and the all "furry" The footwork here is much more plausible than in more literal representations, including many fan art. Personally, I'm less opposed to Boromir as a Viking - he's always been a pretty bad guy - than to beardy-Aragorn (illogical: they were both Numenorians, after all), although I'm clearly a minority here! <br /> <br /> The big flaw of this photo will always be the fact was an unfinished project, with a weird end of voice-over trying to solve problems. Too bad it would have been interesting, not to say less frustrating, to see what Bakshi had planned to do with Shelob and Minas Tirith, not to mention the Dead ...
