With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it's even easier to reject Ralph Bakshi's animated Lord of the Rings movie in 1978. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is an adaptation essential part of the film of Tolkien's work, but that does not stop me from taking advantage of Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson admitted that he had at least had the inspiration to see Bakshi's film and that their adaptations had obvious similarities. <br /> <br /> The colorful and picturesque backdrop of the film is excellent and the score is memorable. I was mostly satisfied with the characters' drawings. The pairs of Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are practically indistinguishable visually from each other. The Balrog and Treebeard were unimpressive, but those points did not bother me much. However, the Nazgul are well drawn and sufficiently mysterious. The only character representation that bothered me was Sam's; it was made to look ridiculous. <br /> <br /> This film is innovative for its animation techniques. In addition to the hand-drawn characters, live actors are integrated into the animation through rotoscopy. It is quite obvious that the characters are hand-drawn and those are rotoscopic, but nevertheless, I found that the style of the film was a novelty. The use of rotoscopic actors for the fight scenes was a good decision and allowed these scenes to unfold. <br /> <br /> The dubbing is generally of high quality. John Hurt, particularly talented for Aragorn, was authoritative. Aragorn is not one of my favorite characters in the stories, but supported by the voice of John Hurt, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is particularly strong for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inappropriate was Michael Scholes in the role of Sam, whose vocal game was irritating and added to Sam's sadly stupid picture. The only other annoying part of the voice is the bad pronunciation of the character names and of place. The decision to refer frequently to Saruman as "Aruman" was particularly strange. <br /> <br /> During the production of this film, Ralph Bakshi should be able to produce two films. Thus, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of "The Ring Community" at the end of the battle to Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the film's story is a very condensed version of the story taken from the books. I like the original stories and the more in-depth adaptations, but the liberties taken to compress the story did not bother me, even the choice to leave Arwen out of the story. This film contained enough key elements of the story to keep me engaged for the duration of the film. There was even a novelty: to cover half of the story of The Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. The fighting scenes were impressive and in particular the orcs march and the battle of Helm's Deep were enormous. <br /> <br /> The version of Ralph Bakshi's "Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and there is no doubt that Lord of the Rings readers lament the cuts in the story. However, for me, the disadvantages of this film were minor compared to the pleasure of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy. My only regret is that I am unable to see the second part of this "first big story" of The Lord of the Rings, since Bakshi did not receive the necessary budget to create a sequel.
