I love this film and I am annoyed by the number of "critics" that ranks it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular, an animated film is based on the vision of the artist and must be judged on his own terms. As a purist, it's a better tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. Even if this film has its flaws, it remains more faithful to the source, especially with regard to the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes, he is portrayed as a weak, constantly wavering, manipulated by the forces around him and never standing (This is physically and metaphorically true.) You wonder why fate chose this soft biscuit to wear the unique ring to the Cracks of Doom. Jackson ruthlessly rewrote Tolkien and steals Frodo from his best moment when he allows Arwen to save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original, featuring a Frodo who asks the ghosts "Do not go back and do not trouble me anymore" " Bakshi supports the character of Frodo as Tolkien conceived it. We see its decline as its burden increases. Frodo is so crucial to Lord of the Rings that one wonders why Jackson has taken such liberties (he does so with many characters) since character development pushes the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores better the comradeship between Legolas and Gimli in a few judicious scenes that are completely missing in Jackson's version. Similarly, we see Boromir riding with Pippin and Merry, reinforcing the idea of ​​fellowship. For my taste, camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than in the real action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in novels, and Bakshi pays tribute to that in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", a few minutes before falling on Strider. The happy melody is juxtaposed with the darker musical theme when, a few seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. It's one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and cools me every time I see it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented budget and time constraints limit the final impact of this film, but if it had been completed, it might have been more blamed. the viewers. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson was largely inspired by this prototype.
