Godard once said that a way to criticize a film is not to do that, and the highest that can be said about the vision of Ralph Bakshi on the film of the great installment of Tolkien, The Lord Rings, was actually created by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy, for me, is not even a total masterpiece, but each book has enough space to breathe all the post-modern techniques crossed with classical narrative to make a great entertainment. <br /> <br /> But as I have not read the books, I now examine both versions, live-action (although it is partly animated with a lot of visual effects) and animated (well only partially achieved with living the action as a frame) compared to the basic story, not even total fidelity to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's almost not right in a sense, because what we're seeing is really not the complete vision, not what Jackson actually had (probably the final cut). Torn from history by the great return of King of the Return of the King, the two other parts becoming more in a hurry, I ended up loving him more for what he did in his limits, although these same limitations make it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What's interesting too, after watching the movies Jackson first - which I also regret a little bit to have been able to react differently when I was younger and before five years ago - is that the basic elements of the story do not interfere with it. All that is really necessary to tell the story of Fellowship of the Ring is in fact almost intact, and this is probably what was probably even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book is clarified in this section. Actors playing the roles of hobbits and other heroes are more or less adequate for roles, some roles emerging (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional characterization ends up giving an air of value to those who have not even seen the other films or read the books and can not put them in context. But there is always some interest in the characters, and here there is a more old-fashioned sensibility among the vast aura of more. These are not garden varieties adapted to Disney - they are Bakshi's films, with its roots of underground animation that collide with the mythical world of Middle-earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film ends up giving what is on the screen, in all its abbreviated form, its success. In addition to being incomplete as a film or as a story, the film's form is an experiment to see if something can be entirely rotoscoped. The results end up bringing what now seems to be retro, but at the time of course, it was something that inspired the filmmakers hard and crazy. Could it have been better with a more traditional animation? In some areas, yes. it becomes a little perceptible, as it was also the case in Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move in such a way that they are a little shaky, like a kind of comic strip made differently. Yet I admired a lot in what was done. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, have proven to be truly incredible in their surreal environment. This is perhaps the best part of the combination of animation in addition to live action, especially during games where there is no battle film (it's really the real hit section) or missing, because there is no continuity between good and bad rotoscopy), and chiaroscuro appears with great forms on horseback. It's scary in a good way. And the funds, while being very rough and sometimes too crude, are beautiful with mixtures and explosions of color combined. It's almost as much for movie buffs as for crazy people. <br /> <br /> So how could I recommend this animated interpretation of The Lord of the Rings? I do not know, actually. It's certainly a good step up from the other Tolkien animated film I've seen, The Hobbit (and I have not seen the ROTK animation yet), and there's real artistic talent . There are also dialogues on stilts, a segment of the Two Towers too hurried with the most intriguing character, Gollum, reduced to perhaps two scenes in total. And seeing something as fragmented as this just reinforces the completeness of the latest movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of books that plan to check this out, I'd say it's worth it, even if it's one of those chances that you're watching for forty minutes and then you decide to stop it. or not. In terms of inclusion in other movies Bakshi, I saw that it was an impressive achievement ambitious and uneven, where, as in Dune Lynch, it is bound to draw a dark line in the sand between those who hate him passionately and those who do not love him. t. I do not.
