As an animated film from 1978, it's pretty good - generally well above the standards of the time Disney had not done anything good for years (and Tolkien cared little about Disney anyway ). Innovative and neat camera work is essential for the application of cinematic techniques with relative success. The much-maligned rotoscopy works pretty well, especially with the Ringwraiths and opening narration. However, it is so used excessively - perhaps as a technique to save money - that it affects the overall effect. The same technique that makes scary and supernatural ghosts is not as effective in the prancing pony. <br /> <br /> The adaptation of the story is actually pretty good. We are losing here and there minor details such as the old forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and the Sackville-Bagginses. We compress some characters, such as the revision of Legolas as part of the house of Elrond and an old friend of Aragorn, but it is a rather wise decision for the film. In the books, you have the opportunity to include references to the larger world of elves and the vast history of Middle-earth. In cinema, you negotiate this for visuals and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. Here, nothing essential is really lost, and although I make some minor remarks about some changes, I am generally quite happy. <br /> <br /> If only the crushed authors had managed to remember the name of Saruman frequently called Aruman, a decision probably made to make it more distinct from Sauron bearing the same name; It took me a second visit before being sure I did not miss it. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody and irritable stage from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent and the rest of the vocal work is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie ending halfway through the story, a huge disappointment is created. What makes it even worse is the miserable work done by Rankin & Bass crew on the sequel. That they were allowed to make the Return of the King after slaughtering The Hobbit remains an enormous mystery; they seem more interested in the bad songs than in the appropriate narration. Despite all its shortcomings, the heart of this film is firmly in place and it strives very hard to accomplish an almost impossible task. I can only wish that the series of films to come remains faithful to his vision ...
