More than twenty years before the visionary adaptation of The Lord of the Rings to Peter Jackson, this animated effort by director Ralph Bakshi dates back to 1978. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, Jackson's trilogy has unfortunately been darkened. Indeed, many reviewers on the IMDb (mainly those who have seen the most recent version first) seem to be fiercely cruel to this version ... but if we apply a little common sense, and takes into account the moment when it was made and With the technical possibilities that existed at that time, they will realize that it is a very good movie. Indeed, it was not long after watching this animated film in the early 1980s that I searched for Tolkien's book and immediately became a fan of these richly detailed adventures of Middle-earth. So, in some ways, I owe this film some recognition as a film that forever shaped my literary tastes. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, forges an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of a king named Isildur. but instead of destroying it, he stupidly chooses to keep it. For centuries, the ring passed from hand to hand and eventually belonged to a hobbit called Frodo Baggins, who lives in a pacifist community known as The Shire. Frodo teaches a sorcerer named Gandalf that his ring is in fact the One Ring, the same one that was forged by Sauron centuries ago, and that his master is looking for it again to restore his dark power over the entire world. area. Earth. Frodo sets off on a perilous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but Black Riders, Sauron's black riders, chase them at every step. Then come many adventures in which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "defeated" ?? Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor, getting closer to their horrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and other members of the society are fighting a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. A second installment was planned to end the story, but unfortunately was never completed. Although the ending is abrupt, it ends at least at a sensitive point in the story. We must feel a little frustrated and regret the absence of follow-up in which we could follow these animated heroes to their final goal. The animation is passable, with a nice variety of places and characters presented with interesting details. The music of Leonard Rosenman is very agitated and fits perfectly with the epic story. The voiceovers are also correct, especially John Hurt (Aragorn) and Peter Woodthorpe (Gollum). On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who gives the voice to Sam - is rather campy and clumsy, which does not suit the character. The Lord of the Rings is a laudable attempt to visualize the stunning book on which he is based.
