There is little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential author of the twentieth century. Jules Verne claims to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were rather stories of adventure using marvelous inventions as tools of conspiracy. Wells was deep and underlying his stories. His greatest legacy may lie in the fact that there is little or no evidence that people believe in life on other planets before the 20th century, while many people, including Richard Dawkins, consider it almost a certainty. There is no evidence of this of course and one can not help but think that it's Wells who introduced this to human thinking? Without a doubt, Wells planted the seed. <br /> <br /> THINGS TO COME was adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. It is quite obvious, however, that he is unable to distinguish between the technical aspects of writing novels and writing scripts. Dialog is often loaded, heavy and unconvincing. A typical example is the two pilots from opposing parties discussing the nature of the war "Why do we have to murder ourselves?" Why? This reflects criticism, Orwell's almost naked contempt for Wells in his essay Wells, Hitler And The World State, and it is true that Wells' anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It would be impossible to believe that a conversation took place a few years later between a RAF pilot and his Luftwaffe counterpart. <br /> <br /> That said, it is absolutely fascinating to watch a 1935 film that predicts a world war. place in 1940 announcing the end of civilization. A striking, haunting picture comes when a child knocks a drum while a ghost army walks in the background and the collapse of society and fear of The Wanderng Sickness are marvelously realized. Even the rather lazy narration of showing the year of the decor has a convincing character. It is the images that make this film, as well as the score of Arthur Bliss, that make it so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks, "The universe or nothing, what will it be?" In short it's a movie whose flaws are easy to forgive
