By 1936, H.G. Wells had passed his heyday and his surviving books have long since disappeared. He was coming to the end of his life and he was confronted with his dream that went wrong. At the beginning of the twentieth century, he defended the idea that the world was doomed, because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, a market economy, necessarily forced the victory of the most low. the strongest because of the simple criterion of the number. The weaker the mass of humanity, the stronger was the minority elite. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all those who weakened in one way or another the human race. First of all non-Caucasians, with the sole exception of Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, the mentally handicapped, all genetically disabled, etc. It was not Hitler. It was H.G. Wells and it was not after the First World War. It was more than ten years before. And twenty years before the First World War, he had published The Time Machine, which defended the idea that the human "race", left to its own devices and because of the larger cosmological evolution of life on earth, would see the differentiation of man "race" into two "species": the working class would become a laborious underground species and the bourgeoisie would become a kind of unused surface. It was said in the novel that the sophisticated and weak superficial resting species were prey to the other species that were the predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and that politicians were supposed to stop this development by imposing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries to follow this injunction were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to abandon it only very recently for some of them. The film proposes here a vision of 2036 with an absolutely dictatorial world government in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only the peace imposed by the military conquest, and the Government is dominated by the most a man and his few advisers. And in this future world, all, absolutely all human beings are Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine the completely white mankind in 2036. Amazing. Wells envisioned a kind of rebellion, but it would be short-lived and unsuccessful. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization conquering the entire universe by contemplating the sky, its stars and planets. Scary. And this was produced in 1936. Even more frightening since nowhere is there any mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is essential to have this film in a good restored edition because it is crucial to have a complete vision of H.G. Wells. We are, of course, very far from the Brave New World of absolute "democratic" social selection, or from the animal farm of the pork proletariat dictatorship, or from the abstract media dictatorship of Big Brother of 1984. This vision is at least as frightening as the other three. And I only want to compare Wells with the British sci-fi writers of his day. It would be unfair to go beyond. This reveals that in England, during the first three decades of the twentieth century, intellectuals feared enormously: they feared that the future is only dark and dark, in the form of a kind of impasse. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
