Review of the movie "Things to come" by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here's another science-fiction film filled with wonders, dating from a different place and time. It's a movie I only saw in truncated parts, but Art must be taken as a whole. I experimented this film as it was conceived, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with swirling film reels and an audience with which to share it. This audience and I have been touched by this movie! A woman who lived through the Second World War was stifled by the ravages of war and restored by a positive, though banal end. <br /> <br /> What caught my attention from the beginning was the initial credit. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold and angular type, much like the "Superman" of yesteryear. This is not the title of the film, but the title of the creator, and before any other human being, such as an actor or producer, is listed, the director William Cameron Menzies is up to it! Who? You've probably seen his work "Around the World in 80 Days", "Pride of the Yankees" and "Gone With the Wind". He did not direct after this epic sci-fi opera created by him and Mr. Wells, but his film images, sets and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> These images are very effective. I recognized images of many other films that have paid homage to this classic. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obvious, as well as Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow", "The Night of the Dead -vivants "and more I know, but what titles escape me. These are real special effects, the scenes now produced with CGI are composed of actors, large sets and detailed models. This movie was shot in 1936 and it was obvious that it meant something to the other writers. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss on music and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> The characters of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes seem to preach, but I hear also aftershocks that I still hear. "These toys that children have nowadays do not look like the ones I had when I was a child", "This will help develop their coordination", "Why do we need books, why do we need to read? " need cars, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need here, "" There will be no war. "But the war exists!" The naïve citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall The endless war breaks out on Christmas Eve The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is an image that will probably always stay with me.It was the world of 1936 that wore blinkers to the appeasement of Hitler.This war does not end.The toxic gas of the air wars is part of the second act. <br /> < It's another dark age, no government, no services, and people carried away and cheering on the war that no one remembers.Plague, warlords and intimidation to fly the planes in search of The family is slaughtered in the street before they can carry the plague to another, and halfway there is a wonderful vignette on the Rolls Royce, a well-deserved respite mid-way through. , a futuristic aircraft announces the future. <br /> </ br> This future is the third act. The world was rebuilt with the help of this "lean animal, man". Helicopters fly in this film, even before being invented. The Plumber's Helper has uses other than those of Dalek or Glenn Miller. Large plasma screens appealing to the masses and speakers urging people to destroy everything. "Beware of the concussion, you have been warned!", Warns the father of the city. So be forewarned, this movie could hit you as if it had hit me. There are some miscalculations and cute miscalculations, but the idealism that provokes reflection is what really deserves to be thought about again, and I really want to see this clever film again. Others criticize Mr. Wells' vision. It is very easy to work with a 20/20 decline in things, costumes and entertainment errors. I believe that Mr. Wells' "things to come" are not about things, but about concepts, social trends, and philosophical ideals. In addition, we are just beginning the new millennium and we are not yet ready for the moment. This is not cheap British Science Fiction card, but an opera worthy of being picked up by Epic Filmed Opera, making it a concept that overcomes some dated minor flaws.
