I must admit a slight disappointment with this film; I had read a lot about the spectacular. However, the futuristic sequences, Age of Science, occupy a very small part of the film. The sets are excellent when we get there, and there are surprising images, but this final sequence is lacking in many other respects ... <br /> <br /> The best drama of the piece lies in the then plays a melodrama, resulting from science-fiction "high concept", and an insufficiently robust dialogue. There are, however, many more human lives in this region, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously over the roof as a little dictator, the "Boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's manners and sober lines, rejecting the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's distant and confident visitor. This boss is an embarrassing, convincing and misleading figure, unable to understand the nature of his kingdom in small fries ... This is not a big role, yet Richardson does a lot. <br /> <br /> Each city itself is presumed to be England, or at least an English city fairly representative of England. It was interesting to completely avoid any religious aspect of things; "Things to come" seem to revolve around a conflict between warlike barbarism and a faith in science that seems to have little ultimate purpose, but to continue over and over again. There is a late attempt to raise arguments and tensions in the last section, concerning a more personal "life", but there remains one who is quite dissatisfied. The film is not very interested in subtle complexities. it goes hand in hand with the dizzying spectacle and the moralism nuanced and blunt, every time. And, of course, remember the finale of the covered bet: Raymond Massey howls of lyricism on uncertainty! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question of whether the film is a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all as such, since it is obvious that it is impossible to to get the details of life in such a fair way. Great conceptions have something for them; a war in 1940, well, it was perhaps predictable ... It's been almost 30 years that it lasts! A nuclear bomb - the "super cannon" or something like that - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we do not believe in an independent nation-state", a British-style government in 1970, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately, not at all on that one, guys! ;-) There is no real politics in what is a pity; all that stands out is a very commendable feeling against the war. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship - whether it is a stupid fascist, as under the Boss, or a scientific socialism with open arms - will be the business, and these implications are not discussed ... Remember that in 1936, we did not know how Nazism and communism would become - or even how they would become - the lack of consideration of this idea seems a little more than the scope the vision of filmmakers on other subjects. <br /> <br /> Much of the previous material should have - and could have been - cut in my opinion; Only the briefest things of '1940' would have been necessary, but this segment tends to become rather heavy and there is still time to move on to Richardson-Massey's games. I would have liked to see more with Margareta Scott; who is just a little skeptical, carving out a flashy-eyed Mediterranean figure with a negligible purpose. The character is not explored, explained or exploited frankly, except for a scene that I will not spoil, and his relationship with the Boss is not explored; but it was then the 1930s and there was at the time a generalized institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly amusing in both roles; more so in the first as an unlucky guy, praying for war, only to be brutally repressed by another Massey character. Massey himself helps things a lot, playing his roles with a mixture of restraint and dark bitterness, contrasting well with a largely shy cast, with the exception of Richardson, and Scott and Chapman, slightly. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is without a doubt a very extraordinary film that was shot in Britain in 1936; one of the few serious British sci-fi movies to date, indeed! Its decor and use of resources are voracious, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately too serious and sometimes everywhere. Management is subject to flatness, even if it passes a scenic speed or two occasionally. The director of photography and Mr. Richardson are really recovering things; creating an astonished sense of technology and an appealing and jerky performance that seduces steadily. Such a shame, there is so little substance or actual filmic conception as a whole; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect filmmakers to undertake such a task - they are unparalleled among British filmmakers: bold visual storytellers, great steers of characters, and first-rate dialogue merchants. <br /> <br /> "Things to come", in its current form, is a strange curiosity that should be covered, but is far from being a "metropolis" ... It's a bit "silly", in the words of Wells, that this Lang movie with nothing like the amazing strength of it.
