This first science fiction masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with the music of Arthur Bliss is a powerful film. Adapted from Wells' somewhat different work from the author, he presents a view of the future of man with the subject of wartime as a period of "peace". The structure is as follows: after a series of contrasting episodes of normality and war clouds, the scenario allows the war to unfold. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthy, do not agree on what can happen. Passworthy has an optimistic view of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the skeptic. Their city, Everytown - obviously London - is devastated by a war with tanks, a magnificent Bliss march and the end of civilization. The second part presents people living in the ruins of what had been the city under a "Boss", played with bravura by Ralph Richardson, whose wife, the lovely Margaretta Scott, is a dreamer as fascinating as a concrete dictator. He is trying to rebuild old World War I planes to attack a nearby mountain tribe to complete his small kingdom. a young scientist complains about having his job continuously interrupted aircraft applications - etc. - forever; This is Wells' commentary on the war against progress. Survivors are also subject to a plague called "The Wandering Illness". Enter a modern Cabell-piloted flying machine from the first section of the film, which is now part of Wings Over the World, an international coalition of scientists that plans to end the war forever. This modernist in flight suit has fascinating conversations with the boss and his wife, their appeal being obvious; then Boss sends his plane against them, the scientists arrive with a large number of planes and deposit the "Gas of Peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the Boss dies, fighting too hard against the pacifier. The film then shows that the ore is being extracted and that, in slow stages, the beams of the magnificent futuristic city of the towers are put in place. In the third section, a future Cabell discusses with a Passworthy future on the morality of human science. Passworthy wonders if they have the right to send men to the moon; Cabell defends the human right to progress and the need to broaden his horizons. Passworthy's son and Cabell's daughter are the astronauts sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Luddite, delivers a fiery speech on a big screen in the city's forum and is conducting an attack on the "space gun" that must fire the new rocket without the gravity of the Earth. The culmination of the plot is the shooting of the space gun successfully; the denouement and the end is a Cabell speech praising value and a science universally regarded as the deepest defense of the spirit ever written. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "Which one should it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey gives perhaps his greatest performance on the screen; he is thoughtful, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. Cédric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful in ending the era of science. Edward Chapman playing Passworthy admirably imitates the voice of convention and fear. The scenario is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the near-extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization led by reconstructive scientists is made plausible and credible to the viewer. It's a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and everyone involved. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love. within its constructed limits, it is a drama of thinking man debating two possible future humans - progress or its reactionary opposite.
