I was a child in the arms when George Lucas blew the world with his saga out of the world, which tells the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the famous Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and the incredible imagination he has been blessed with. In A New Hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories by presenting memorable characters such as the brave princess Leia, the Rougish Han Solo and the fiery Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved of the villains, the sinister Dark Vadar . In The Empire Strikes Back, he did everything possible to show us that special effects can complete a story and have achieved something that no one thought they could do on screen. He made a film without end or precise beginning and it was a treat. The return of the Jedi marks the end of a saga that stands the test of time. <br /> <br /> When the empire Srtikes Back ends with the interlocking of the Red Han Solo magnet in Carbonite to deliver to Jabba the Hut and the young Luke, moved by the discovery of a terrible truth about his father, left us feeling that things were getting worse and worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask the rebels to recover from this? In Lucas, the last breathtaking and captivating chapter, we are stuck between Han's bold rescue of Jabba's palace and the decisive battle over the death star between Luke and Vadar, while Luke struggles to fulfill his Jedi fighter duties. and rebel fighter. and trying to awaken the good he believes to be still in the soul of his Father. <br /> <br /> Old friends like Lando Calrissian, a man who speaks well, and Chewbacca, always so kind, meet for a final battle to end all the battles. dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the emperor himself (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.How he missed an Oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn Luke on the dark side even if it means betraying his apprentice Dark Vadar.All in black with his red eyes, ghostly white face disfigured and his sinister laughter, he's really a terrifying addition to history and is the undisputed master of the events unfolding. Its new and improved death star is a disaster for the rebels, but the brave group is launching a last desperate attack to put an end to the reign of the Empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas has managed to integrate three different stories at once and continue the action so that the public is riveted. We enthusiastically witness the enthusiasm as Han and Leia attempt to shoot down the Death Star shield from the Moon of Endor Forest with the help of some adorable Ewoks (whom I do not really believe I will take from the Moon of Endor Forest). In fact, I feel I offer a little respite from the stress of the battles at and in the Death Star) and be embarrassed by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial officers. We encourage Lando and the other pilots who face the mighty imperial fleet and risk their lives to fly into Star Deatn to destroy it once and for all. And we watch with impatience that Vadar and the Emperor try to send Luke back on the dark side, while he tries to make his father regress. <br /> <br /> But for me, the toughest and most convincing battles are: go inside Dark Vadar. For ROTJ, it's a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the emperor and the empire and his paternal inclinations towards Luke. I never thought that a mask could show emotions, but it's impossible not to see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scenes as the Emporer lights Luke. Vadar has more depth and emotion than I thought, a villain, especially a machine more than the man could have and that's what makes it so accessible. He is in conflict. The apprentice as much as the master. The victim as much as the bad guy. Without spoiling the ending, Vadar's final scene is the most poignant and marvelous of the trilogy. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the saga. Star Wars is the most fascinating and captivating sagas I've known for a long time and I have not yet seen another rival saga compete. Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients needed to provide Lucas's final masterpiece. It's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy, memorable characters, great special effects and catchy music that make this movie a fantastic movie and an end that Lucas can be proud of. .
