Okay, my title is a little lame, and almost sells this short film. I remember seeing Siskel & Ebert in 1994 talking about this movie, then playing one or two clips. Not being a rap conscious guy (though I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer's music), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scene where the group explains how he chose his name (using a "crazy" logic and a series of "invented" facts), then another scene where the group and its rival group visit a school to promote (and, of course, NWH provides some "information" on how the rival group leader is a loser because he got good grades at school and sat on the directory board) . So I filed it for me to watch this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later, this thing is visible on HBO and I recorded it, only to laugh for hours. Yes, there is a kind of "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... even the documentary player basically takes the same "tone" when preparing the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "Behind the Music "" phenomenon - the small group has good chemistry, becomes famous, too much money too fast, quarrels, drugs, some type of death, the group separates, then reconciles, ending up with hope to have more albums in the future, and fooling around.) The only thing that is true is that in Spinal Tap, you might catch the band with a little more success in its past. at times, and in my mind is reduced to laughs that are configured by specific scenes .. Oh, it's his talk about food behind the scenes, this is where he wants the amp to go "ELEVEN" is the place where the guy makes the stonehenge, etc ... <br /> <br /> Unlike FoaBH, who seems to have a humor more "unexpected". You can see some coming, but there is no configuration for each joke. Sometimes the jokes flow a little. Cundieff and the other actors in the group had a real chemistry that worked. In addition, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and other caricature rappers have worked really well. It seems to me to be a movie that you watch once to get the main story and laughter, then go back and watch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Is "My Peanuts" better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but they are damn funny. The horrible video of Tone Def during his "waking" phase is so weird, and yet so funny. <br /> <br /> I could go on for a while, but save time and do not waste time on CB4. I watched the first half hour and I got bored. You do not get bored on FoaBH. There are moments a little less fun, but you can never tell when something is going well. Maybe my favorite scene is where Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (name scams if I've ever heard of them) find out that they shared the same girl ... at some point you have these two weapons pointing at each other And the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I think even Tone Def is in the room turning on each other and changing target. And, of course, someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that the NWH officials have suffered the same fate as the Spinal Tap drummers (although none of them were burned spontaneously, I do not think so) . There were enough similarities that I could not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, although it is clearly more of the Spinal Tap of hip-hop. Although some similarities exist, the humor is different and the film looks more like a real documentary (maybe because we do not recognize a single actor in this thing, even the guy who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds "). Overall, this film has, in my opinion, a "street credo". A bit like NWH.
