This film is to me the weakest film in the original Star Wars trilogy, for a variety of reasons. However, it ultimately emerges, despite all its faults. It's still a very good film, even though its quality depends largely on the characters that were built in the top two. <br /> <br /> One of the problems is the look of the film, which is not very consistent with the other 2 films. I put a lot of this out of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two films have that dirty air and lived with all the technology, etc. In "Jedi", on the other hand, even the rebels have the impression of getting out of the shower and cleaning their uniforms dry. This makes a movie much less textured. In addition, the creatures were excessively mastic and cute. At this point, it seems that the directors were more concerned with creating the models of future action characters than with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" has created a whole new movie experience and where "Empire" has taken us into extraterrestrial worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" has loosely recycled the scene of the first film. We first go back to the desert planet Tatooine, then we look at them in front of another Death Star (maybe the Emperor could not think of anything new ... but you might think that Lucas or Kasdan could do it). We also have these ewoks, which are really just hateful teddy bears for Mattel, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be the big wookie battle at the end of "Star Wars" if they were not to short of cash. It looks like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" is for me the weakness of the behavior of the character of Han Solo. While playing a central role in the plot of the first two films, he struggles to gain time on the screen, exchanging lining with the droids. Instead of a real tragedy, we are trapped in the lame pretense that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire" where she confessed that her love for him had never taken place . The whole thing is very artificial and barely conceals the fact that the character of Solo was not part of the central story of this film after his rescue. Ford, for its part, looks bored and does not have the style that has characterized his previous performances. It's more like a 1990 Ford performance, bored and looking "above" the film itself. Fisher for his part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced into "Empire", is here the ostensible person who is close to our hearts in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, given the interesting development of Luke's character, is really capable of doing something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the movie to care about his work. And to be fair, the script gives him a lot more to do than the other characters. Really it's his story and the other characters are there only in the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job as well as the Emperor. The film would flow if it had been too far above (as it was sometimes in new movies). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects work, apart from the "clean" look of everything it is difficult to find a fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever built. The space battles towards the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film is successful based on the achievements of his ancestors. But on its own, this is a satisfying entertainment and its IMHO is far superior to all subsequent Lucas productions.
