Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as a director for his trashy gore revelers, but the truth is that his films are actually not bad at all. The Re-Animator suites are not as big as the original, but are still worthy of the horror suites. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not far from being a masterpiece of surreal horror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but that perfectly shows Yuzna's horror look and the plot is always exciting and appealing. I'm really surprised that a horror movie about dentistry did not appear before 1996, because going to the dentist is almost a paramount fear: it's fleeing a tiger for the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I would seem to be in the minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a beautiful house, a successful career and a beautiful wife - just about everything most people want. However, his life gets worse when he discovers his wife's affair with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; as it is his patients who feel the full weight of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scare the audience, this film is really done. However, we must thank the director for extracting the complete quota of frights from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job comes down to the fact that I'm not afraid to go to the dentist - yet, one scene in particular actually caused me to cover my eyes! The film follows the plot of the plot of an ordinary man, but with The Dentist, you always feel that the film is not limited to what we see. It is not very often that a gore movie can impress at the level of the substance - and although it wins no prize, the parody of the upper class is nicely tied to the plot. The acting, although class B, is actually quite impressive; Corbin Bernsen took the leading role and persuaded the audience that he was truly a man at the forefront of progress. I should thank Brian Yuzna for throwing Ken Foree in the movie. The star of Dawn of the Dead does not work enough and I like to see him in movies. The rest of the cast does not impress massively, but all do their job well enough. Overall, The Dentist offers a refreshing change for slasher films from the 90s. The scenes gores will certainly delight the horror lovers, and I do not hesitate to recommend this film.
