The dentist begins the morning of the wedding anniversary of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone seem to have a good life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles and a successful career with responsibilities, but things are not going at all. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec), the pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation. Alan then discovers that Matt also has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of her neighbors and to top it off. all he owes he owes to the IRS, who breathes in his neck, a lost charge of money. Alan begins to lose his reason, he is convinced that everything is rotten and rotten, just like the teeth of his patient, and that it is up to him to repair it. At work that morning, he begins to feel frustrations and anger in his patients. First, he injures a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin). He is the victim of a sexual assault and a patient, April Reign (Christa Sauls), having hallucinated the fact that she is his wife. & deliberately performs a useless and painful procedure on another. Alan also begins to take drugs because he loses it completely and becomes homicide, starting with his adulterous wife and his pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna I thought The Dentist was a good movie and tried something a little different. The scenario of Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more a psychological thriller than a slasher, which was a surprise for me because I was expecting it. It would have been easy to make a slasher teen movie like Friday the 13th (1980) with a high body count and a nasty dentist crunching but what the dentist turned out to be actually is very different. The dentist is at the heart of a study of character on the descent of a man in madness. He does an excellent job, even if that being said, I'm not sure what he's going through is sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. He is moving at a good pace, has a beautiful story in which I like the constant link that binds Alan between the decadence he sees in his patients and the decadence he sees in the world around him and that allows to spend about 90 minutes in a fun way. It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia at the dentist should probably miss it, otherwise you will never go back! I also enjoy the end when the tables are turned, I do not say more ... <br /> <br /> The director Yuzna does his usual work, in fact I do not think I have ever seen a movie Yuzna that I did not appreciate to a certain extent, he obviously and predictably grasped the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some pretty pieces of dental torture, including tearing off people, sexually assaulting them, operating them under the drug and torture them with the dreaded exercise of the dentist. There are also other bloody scenes, a dead dog, a person cut with a knife and cut-out tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style on what was probably a small budget, he likes to tilt his camera to create nice angles and I like the photo where the camera is above someone being stabbed and huge splash of blood on the floor a wide and pleasant angle. <br /> <br /> Technically, the dentist has the correct cinematographic, musical and production values, although some special makeup effects seem unconvincing. The acting is strong enough by all the people involved in Corbin who perform well. The always-cool favorite, Ken Foree, appears as Detective Gibbs, one of Los Angeles's best. <br /> <br /> The dentist has not achieved the desired results and so much the better for him, if you are a horror fan. And maybe you want something a little different, so it's worth checking out. I liked it and think it's really worth watching.
