The dentist is a very good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of meeting a psycho-dentist are much greater than meeting monsters, vampires or zombies. That's exactly why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think of your own dentist a few times. May he be able to do such things ... Pray for his wife not to deceive him. That's what the story tells. A respected Los Angeles dentist dies when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with the pool boy. (It must be the biggest profession in the world, by the way, Poolboys always takes advantage of housewives when her husband is at work.) From then on, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only get revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients and some of them are injured. Things are not easy for our dentist when he is pursued by an annoying tax auditor, a curious policeman and a member of his suspicious staff. At some point Dr. Feinstone can not cope anymore. Now he is not only looking for his wife, but all the people who come near him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-authored by Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation to herself. These 2 people have already given us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they manage once again to make an entertaining and very chilling thriller. This film arrived on time. The decade had not brought us many great horror movies yet. I do not say at all that it's a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great because the dentist is obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mainly as a comedian or drama actor, but he can certainly handle a psychotic character. The rest of the cast is doing a good job too. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Plus, it was great to watch Ken Foree play again. The actor of my favorite movie, Dawn of the Dead, plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna started it in From Beyond too, 15 years ago, and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to skip it) but if you look at it, you will appreciate it a lot. You'll be disgusted ... but that's an additional reason, I think. It's been a while since I'm really freaked out watching a movie. This is an excellent subject to treat in the genre and Yuzna does it in an excellent way. Too bad that this film was followed by a completely useless sequel. My humble opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
