I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the lowest installment of the trilogy by many who voted. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most suspense, the surprises, the most emotional (especially the end) and certainly the most episodic film. Personally, I really like the Empire Strikes Back too, but I think it's a little worse than the ROTJ, because it was slower, was not so episodic and I did not feel as much suspense or of emotion than at the third. movie. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons given by ROTJ for being a film inferior to the two others are simply ridiculous and are insignificant reasons for the excellence of the film. film as a whole. I heard many strange reasons such as: a) Because Yoda is dead b) Because Bobba Fett is dead c) Because small Ewoks defeated a group of stormtroopers d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br> /> <br /> I would like to demystify each of these reasons because I think they miss the point. First of all, who cares if Bobba Fett dies ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Do not get me wrong, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made a few appearances and Lucas did not intend to make him a central character in the movies that Star Wars fans introduced to him. His name was not mentioned anywhere in the film ... It was necessary to go to the credits to find the name of Bobba Fett !!! Judging ROTJ because a minor character is dead, it's a little too much, I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda's death. Of course, it was a momentous moment in the film. I was not happy to see him die either, but it makes the film more realistic. All good guys can not stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if ALL the good guys were alive and ALL the bad guys died, this movie would be like a cheesy Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect of this point concerns people who do not like Yoda's death. Nobody complained when Darth Vader toppled Obi Wan Kenobi in A New Hope. (Many consider New Hope to be the best of the trilogy) Why was Obi Wan's death acceptable but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I just can not believe even been asserted, it's because people have found captivating Ewoks that dominated stormtroopers to be impossible. It's completely ridiculous !! I can not believe this one !! First of all, the Ewoks are on their home planet Endor, so they know their home ground because they live there. If you look closely at the film, many of the tactics used by the Ewoks to defeat the stormtroopers were to make the best use of their advantage on their court. (Since you've lived in the forest all your life, I hope you've learned to use it to your advantage.) They had swinging vineyards, ropes, logs to stumble those walkers and other traps. The stormtroopers were very disadvantaged because they were more numerous than the others and did not know the benefits of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. To add, it was not as if the Ewoks were fighting the stormtroopers themselves, they were strongly assisted by the rebel band during this conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers had defeated a combination of the Star Wars heroes, the rebel gang, and the huge Ewok clan who knew their home country well, it would have been very upset. Well, if this scene was still amazing for you ... And if you were in Empire Strikes Back or in A New Hope, there were SEVERAL scenes of a group composed solely of Han Solo, Chewbacca and the princess, who were shoot like ten stormtroopers and all their blasters missed while the heroes were under the eyes !! And not only that, heroes, of course, always hit the Stormtroopers with their blasters. The soldiers must have VERY, very bad purpose then! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the battle of Endor was much more credible since you had two opposing armies, not 3 heroes, against a legion of stormtroopers. Do not believe me? Discover the battle of Cloud City when our heroes escaped from the Lando base. Or when our heroes saved Princess Leia and shot at them (they missed her) when Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I want to argue (others are just too ridiculous for me to spend my time here) is that people did not like Darth Vader being revealed ! Well, in many ways it was an important part of the plot in the movie. Luke wanted to know if Darth Vader was his father or not, Annakin Skywalker. It would have been disappointing if the film had ended without Luke seeing his father's face, because that made him complete. According to Annakin's revelation, it symbolized the transition that Dark Vader had undergone on the dark side (in his helmet) and the good person he was Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The fact is that Annakin died again converted on the side of the light and that is what meant the scene of the withdrawal of the helmet. Actually, that's what I would have done in this scene as well if I were Luke's father ... Would not that be what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before to die and not mechanized? helmet? <br /> <br /> On another note, I think that a conscious or subconscious expectation of most people is that the sequel MUST be worse (although it's better) than previous movies are another reason for which ROTJ does many praise as he deserves. I never go into a movie with this disappointment in mind, I always try to get into a movie with the following attitude: "Well, it could be better or worse than the original .. But I do not can not know for sure. Let's see. "In this way, I am open-minded and I am not mistaken in thinking that a clearly superior movie is not as good as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these movies, but I've asked a lot of students and adults whose film is their favorite movie in Star Wars and they tell me all (except a person who said that A New Hope was their favorite) that it was ROTJ. I think the results of these polls are appalling and quite misleading. <br /> <br /> In the end, the Return of the Jedi was the best of the Trilogy. This film is the only one of the three that held me throughout its 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom because each scene was full of suspense, excitement, surprise or all the above. For example, the lightsaber battle between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than that of the Empire Strikes Back any day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will go to the Phantom Menace with an Open Mind because if the fans start looking for insignificant and insignificant details (or see it as "another sequel" ), they will empty the film of the genre "This film stinks because Luke is not there!" then this deserving film will become another spectacular film that will be derided as ROTJ unfortunately does. <br /> <br />
