I remember this movie especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how much it scared her in her childhood. Of course, being the bloodthirsty girl I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now, I do not know how to say it without losing credibility, so I'll say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, it's not the best story and beyond bloody and macabre, but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist responds to fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this to let me go and let myself be impressed. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. The day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke making love with Matt, a disgusting pool man. In his dental office, Feinstone's first patient of the day is the young Jody Saunders, present at his very first appointment at the dentist. Feinstone starts cleaning Jody's teeth. At first, everything goes well, until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips, stabbing Jody in the gum. Jody's mother takes her child who cries and bleeds and leaves angrily. Feinstone sees her second patient, beauty queen April Reign. Alone with April, Feinstone calms her down with nitrous oxide so that she can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she faints, Feinstone imagines that she has transformed into his wife. He begins to kiss and caress her on the dental chair, then begins to choke. April begins to cough and wakes up half of the gas. Feinstone comes out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April's blouse. Feinstone decides to finish the day earlier and sends his staff and patients home. Later in the night, Brooke meets Feinstone in training. He reveals his new patient room on the theme of Italian opera. He encourages Brooke to try the dental chair in the room. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and calm her down with nitrous oxide. The opera music resounding in the background, he begins to tear Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has done hers and will not let anyone hinder its cleanliness. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as silly as this movie is, I had a lot of fun watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when he teaches this nasty IRS agent a hygiene lesson that I'm sure he will never forget. Dude, I do not think I brushed my teeth after watching The Dentist. Yeah, I'm going to warn you, this film is by no means for sensitive souls, it's very bloody. There are stab wounds, gunshots and just those scenes of brutal dental torture that will make your stomach turn. Yet, one way or another, I just enjoyed this movie. If I just want a good gore movie that has been made for real horror fans, I slip it into my DVD player, and it's the "tooth" LOL! I am so funny! Uh, yeah, I'm trying, give me a little credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
