After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engage in sexual acts with the pool boy, the dentist, who was already a bit unstable, Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) cracked completely, which meant serious problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This charming half The original and entertaining horror film of director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change of pace compared to the usual horror bumbling that was broadcast in the late 90's. that "The Dentist" is supposed to be a fun and funny little film, Yuzna makes sure that the film offers the shocks and sensations that many more serious films try to distribute. Despite the lack of background on the central characters, and allowing events that should have been created to take place over several days, the film is intriguing, usually well scripted and rhythmic, allowing the viewer to maintain its interest. even during the most ridiculous moments. ?? The dentist sometimes suffers from dragging, but unlike the much inferior suite of 1998, there are only sporadic and uninteresting moments, and in general the film runs smoothly. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing the role of Dr. Alan Feinstone, sadistic, deranged and perfectionist. The way Bernsen is able to recite his words in a credible way, especially with regard to sexual immorality and sexual immorality (especially fellatio), is hardly wonderful. While many actors may have difficulty portraying a psychopath obsessed with cleanliness without it becoming too ridiculous or ridiculous, Bernsen really seems to match the personality of the character he is trying to portray and thus makes the movie even more enjoyable. If The Dentist was not designed to be a funny, almost comical horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including Mark Ruffalo, a pre-celebrity) failed to perform very well and although the movie was not really affected, stronger performances could have added more of credibility to the film. <br /> <The Dentist 'is not a horror movie meant to be taken seriously, but it's certainly nice, especially (I guess) for horror fans. Those who get angry about the number of "Scream" clones (1996) of the late 90's can very well find this refreshing change, as I did. A rarely monotonous and generally well-paced script, along with thoughtful instructions, help make The Dentist one of the most enjoyable horrors of 1990's cheese. In addition, we witness particularly serious scenes of dental torture and ( all in all) realistic, which should delight most greyhounds. Far from being perfect but also not bad, ?? The Dentist 'is a movie worth watching at least once. My rating for ?? The Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
