The main theme of this Dirty Harry is that revenge is a dish that is best served cold. Sandra Locke is as cold in this film as she is beautiful. Locke is an "8" normally, but, with a deadly gun in his bag, "armed" for the bad guys, she climbs up to the "10" scale. After being gang-raped by her younger sister a few years ago, Locke, in the role of Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack on her life as best she could. Her sister, however, is almost comatose as a result of the trauma, so the memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of his assailants in the street at S.F .; she buys a gun, goes to a bar, lets her take it, and when they're alone in her Cadillac, start making love, she shoots him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain - this in the opening scene !! You must love this brave woman. She has her priorities well. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist who puts all her anger on a canvas UP TO NOW. After performing her first shot, Jennifer curiously looks at Det. Insp. Harry Callahan treats the new crime scene after discovering the body in the caddy. Then, she insults scary teenage girls who are nagging women in the street, visits her sister in a retirement home, and then goes to San Paolo, California, "on the coast" where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determination in her mind, our heroine relives the rape in her head with a living reminder as she gets closer to the next rapist's execution. It's not unusual for us, right wing members, whether to condemn or execute a violent criminal, do not be sad for their own miserable humanity, we remember crime and suffering that he inflicted. Such events call for Jennifer to pull the trigger of each attacker - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, Jennifer's revenge scenes are interspersed with good movies, Dirty Harry carrying gangstas in a cafe, remember "Go on, MAKE MY day"? Later, he threatens to trample a punk child (who has just insulted Callahan) in a courthouse elevator, as if he was walking on a dog, leaving a young government employee to look at Clint as if to say "I want have your baby. " My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes after the start of the action, when Harry threatens and scares a murderous mafia boss, Threlkis, to turn him into a coronary at his granddaughter's wedding reception at Mark Hopkins Hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a remarkable job as a Mafia Don, a sinner, even if he only plays in a scene and dies very convincingly. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The punk gang of the elevator and the Threlkis henchmen all try to murder Harry in two well-ordered scenes, and most of them end up dead horribly. Yes, some of the weapon games unfold like an uninspired screen violence ... resembling Clint, the director may be tired that day of filming this movie. But there are not many ways to send a man with bullets. Punk kids die a lot more creatively, as they both die and drown in San Francisco. Bay. Warms my heart With so much violent intent directed against the insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to San Paolo to try to understand "22-caliber vasectomy murder," as Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons to the powder magazine. Liberals. I love this Harry. While our hero was annoying the police and the citizens of San Paolo, two other murders were committed, the same Mr.O., on a sleazy and lazy fisherman and on an equally scary computer equipment contractor. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They realize that they both agree on topics such as law and order, Charging guilt, and so on. Could a hot love scene soon happen? We are led to believe that. Characters abound in this crime drama between real men and real women, and we meet a coppery dyke named Raye Parkins that is both irritating and fun. Raye has organized Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years ago, and she will end up having hers. The chief of the San Paolo police, played by Pat Hingle (the suspended judge of 'Hang Em High'), is a strange contradiction with Callahan's detective work related to vasectomies at 22 calm, until we discover that his own The teenage son was part of the gang of rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comatose adult, but gone mad with guilt. It can not end here, though. The dam's rapist boyfriend, Mick, now a fool of a criminal, arrives from Vegas because Raye dropped a dime on Jennifer, summoning him to San Paolo to prevent further executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's, but his schedule is bad. He was arrested before he could spend more time with Raye, mainly because she has since been sent to the island of Eternus Lesboes by a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick is finally bail, with Jennifer pulling him. A desperate chase ensues as Harry tries to stop these two from killing each other. Everything is going well at the end, with the good girl and the good guy walking away at sunset for a beautiful Roberta Flack song.
