Despite the feelings of most fans of "Star Wars", in my opinion "Return Of The Jedi" is the greatest movie ever made. Since I saw it for the first time, it's its depth, intensity, special effects and touching story that have overwhelmed me. The film was so well prepared that it has stood the test of time over the last 20 years. Filled with a powerful action, like the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas offers us an exciting finish of the "Star Wars" saga in "Jedi". <br /> <br /> Summary of the movie Seen this) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" has left us hanging for 3 long years, we finally find the end of the story in " The Return of the Jedi ". Darth Vader, in shock, makes a surprise visit to a new unfinished Death Star to oversee its construction. The emperor appears for the first time in this film because he has the ultimate plan to destroy the rebel Alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and the droids all go to Tatooine to rescue the frozen Han Solo from the crime lord; Jabba the Hutt. After the rescue of Han and the defeat of Jabba, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dying Yoda where he learns the terrible truth. Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebel heroes gather with the rebel fleet. Now joined by other species and races, including the Mon Calamari, the rebels must make an all-or-nothing plan to destroy the death star before it is over. While Lando is leading the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, rebel heroes must turn off the Black Star shield generator on the Forest Moon Of Endor. It is here that the rebels fall on the powerful but powerful Ewoks. During the intense two-part battle, a third battle must take place, Luke voluntarily surrendered to Vader to try to convince him to leave the dark side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke faces his father as the emperor tries to attract his dark emotions. While the young Skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader turns on his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with a timeless and profound story between good and evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular and emotionally charged film that redeems the good in all of us.
