At the initial release of this film, he had been promoted with the slogan particularly unimaginative "Dirty Harry is again". All this lack of originality is more than offset by its complete accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made the success of Dirty Harry's three previous films: a tight rhythm, a compelling plot, powerful support characters, an endless shooter and a foolproof humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved, but amplified: this is without a doubt the darkest, bloodiest and most open franchise on the right. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of thugs, Inspector Callahan is forcibly sent by his superiors to the quiet coastal town of San Paolo. He is responsible for investigating the history of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being relieved of his (probably considerable) misery by a second blow to the head. From the beginning of the film, the public is informed of the identity of the murderer, an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who tracks the hooligans who raped her collectively with her sister at a carnival ten years later. early. This incident is presented in a very disturbing flashback, extracts of which occur before each new murder. As more and more bodies begin to appear with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they say. To make things even more complicated, the rapists who were at one time realize who is chasing them and starting to fight back. <br /> <br /> "Suddenly Impact" offers a relentless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood himself has directed this film and expertly manages a series of scenes that reach a climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively conveys the mix of ruthlessness and fragility that characterizes his character. That being said, it's fair to wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's off-screen companion at the time) could have given more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd presented themselves as possible candidates. Secondary cast members who are well above their weight include Albert Popwell in Horace, Harry's partner, Paul Drake in Mick, a psychopath, and Audrie J. Neenan, a real thief of scenes, who plays the villain Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the movie has some noticeable problems - some of the subplots (Harry's animosity with a gang of twenty mobsters, a Mob vendetta against him) take too much time on the screen and do not really have anything to do with the bigger story. Their only real use is to increase the number of bodies to absurd levels. In the first half of the film, it sometimes appears that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the restroom. However, the film moves up a gear as it moves forward and the triangular play of the cat and mouse between Callahan, Spencer and his former tormentors becomes more important. This second hour clearly shows that a more refined and slightly refocused scenario would have given "Sudden Impact" the potential of a first-class neo-noir thriller that could have brought the series to a higher level, while containing more than enough .44 magnum heroics to satisfy Harry's loyalists. Instead, we get the movie Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to do - a superbly executed but prototypical action movie of the 1980s, which generally refuses to challenge especially the intelligence of the targeted audience. <br /> <br /> This is by far the biggest hit in the box office series and it's not difficult to understand why. Even if it's not the film it could have been, it's still a fun and fun game. Even after repeated viewing, it will make your day.
