In Don Siegel's "Dirty Harry" masterpiece in 1971, Clint Eastwood played the super tough, super cool and unorthodox cinematographer with his role as the Dirty Inspector Harry Callahan. Two sequels followed, the first of which, "Magnum Force", testified to the politically incorrect attitude of the first, which had indignant many critics but aroused the enthusiasm of the public. The second sequel, "The Enforcer" was even more raw and had been promoted as "Harry's dirtiest of all". This title, however, really belongs to the fourth film in the series, "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood, which is without doubt the toughest, meanest, most violent and dirty film of Harry, and IMHO, the second -best after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy woman (Sondra Locke) leads men to be alone with her. What these men do not know is that this mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, yearning for bloody vengeance. As fate would have it, Dirty Inspector Harry Callahan, the toughest police officer in San Francisco, suspended again for irritating his superiors, spends his spare time in this small town ... "Suddenly Impact" is the movie the dirtiest of Callahan in many ways. . The film is extremely gritty and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not being afraid to use his 44. Magnum to avoid trouble, Harry treats "punks" as they should be treated and even allows a person to get away with multiple murders because revenge killings are justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood embodied freshness and bad mood as an "unnamed man" in Sergio Leone's trilogy of the dollar, and he did it again in Dirty Harry's films. "The sudden impact" gives us Harry the dirtiest we've ever seen. The real Eastwood girlfriend, Sondra Locke, is doing very well in the role of beautiful revenge. The great Pat Hingle, who had previously worked with Eastwood on Ted Post's western movie "Hang 'Em High" in 1986, plays the role of the police chief of the small town. The film also includes a wide range of truly despicable characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan). ), probably one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters of all time in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" The scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" are also part of this one, this time as Harry's colleague and boyfriend. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the toughest, dirtiest and probably most violent film of all "Dirty Harry" (although "The Dead Pool" is not quite tame either), and my second favorite after the original brilliant of 1971. A must for fans of Callahan, and highly recommended to all fans of crime thrillers and bad assery cinematographic. My rating: 8.5 / 10
