Clint Eastwood would again portray detective Harry Callahan, tired in action, but also direct the fourth entry in the "Dirty Harry" series. 'Sudden Impact' again, like the other additions, brings its own style and distinctive, but it's probably the most similar to the original in its darkest and most sordid moments (and by tuning a classic line "Go ahead, make my day") ?? but you have to see something of his humor to believe it. A bulldog ?? named meathead who pisses and farts. Oh yes. However, it is interesting to note that this entry is only one of a series of things not to have it entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of Inspector Callahan who is trying to collect the elements of a murder where the victim was shot. in the groin and then between the eyes. After getting in trouble with his superiors and provoking a commotion that has crime lord bandits after his blood. He was ordered to take his leave, but he is in a work area where he travels to a coastal town in San Paulo, where a murder took place in the vein (bullet in the head and between the eyes). There, he begins digging up the earth, which suggests that someone is seeking revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not so impressed by Eastwood's taking, but after many rehearsals, it's practically grown on me to the point of probably being on one foot equal with the first "Magnum Force" suite. This well-assembled plot gives Eastwood another angle of work (though it sounds more like a sophisticated interpretation of the self-defense traits that prevailed at that time), quite literal with something punitive but damaging. It's as if he's experimenting with black thriller touches with character-oriented traits to help develop the dazzling and eventful moral framework. Its use of images is sustainable, because of its sinister and disturbing atmospheres. Dark tones, threatening lighting ?? like the end-stage looking like a western confrontation of a silhouette (Harry with his new handgun .44 automag) heading towards stunned prey on fishing piers. It's a striking sight that creates fear! Mix the obsessive cold with a simple brutality and a hint of humor. He seemed to come off. The dialogues are a major asset with these films, although I would not call "Sudden Impact" of the first order, it allows many biting exchanges and remarkable lines ...? "You are a legend in your own mind". Do not you like to hear Harry make a joke before taking out his article? The flapping action when it occurs is exciting and discordant ?? the only way to get there and the pace passes without there being any flat passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" scored Jerry Fielding) bringing a methodical and funky kick, still breathing these lugubrious signals to a textured breath score that was coming off right off the bat. Bruce Surtees (a regular from Eastwood) gets the work behind the camera (where he worked with "Dirty Harry") and gives the film a lot of space by framing the background perfectly in perfect shooting scenes, but also by creating angular angles in these dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a dinosaur Callahan still resists, going beyond the mere glare to do the job and probably showing a little more heart than one would expect from a young Callahan. Harry's pursuit of justice - by the badge even if he does not always agree with it. I just found it strange - a real change of heart. In front of him, an extraordinary performance of his son-in-law at the time Sondra Locke His turn of traumatic torment (to be violated without reason with his younger sister), is hidden by an intensity of a glassy softness. When anger is released, its result is tactically accurate. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty as one of the targeted thugs and Audrie J. Neenan nails a repulsive performance and very big mouth. These people are really a nasty pile of saps. Pat Hingle is sturdy as the head of the small coastal town. Bradford Dillman and the very powerful Albert Popwell (a regular in the 1-4 series, but under different characters) are smaller. How can you forget about it in "Dirty Harry" ?? yes, it's a bank robber at the end of the quote from the brand "Do I feel lucky? Well, punk?"
