This last entry in George Lucas' STAR WARS films is often considered the weakest of the lot. However, that does not mean that it's a totally worthless entry into the series. On the contrary. Of course, this is not as revolutionary as its predecessors and a little slower at times, but RETURN OF THE JEDI still offers a lot to justify the entry price. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends save Han from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a real mass of disgusting bloated flesh that speaks in his own language is not only a big bad guy, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, let alone give it the spark and life we ​​see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this sequence fun is also the intelligent use of puppets for the various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating and stunning monster Rancor and the terrifying monster of Sarlaac. He climbs majestically at his peak and fires all the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a little slower around the second act, where Luke discovers that he and Leia are tied by the blood and we go to the forest. Endor's planet, the home of the Ewoks cuddlesome yet vigorous. Most of the complaints I read about RETURN OF THE JEDI seem to be centered on these furry creatures, in that they disrupt the tone of the saga. I do not quite agree with that, although this is probably a little longer than expected. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), is a wonderfully memorable creation. To observe how they manage the technology of the imperial troops with their simple and natural weapons offers a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> we come to the third act, however, the pace increases again, as we break the fight of the Ewoks against the troops, Lando and the rebel forces launching an attack against the all-new Death Star half completed the Empire and Luke's final clash with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is linked to the sequence of Jabba's palace as a highlight of the film. Mark Hamill again plays his acting roles as Luke Skywalker and watches him as a mature Jedi Knight for an unforgettable performance. As emblematic as the voice of James Earl Jones as Darth Vader, his only rival is Ian McDiarmid's shriveled, brain-like emperor as part of a frightfully hoarse and scary evil. The tension between this trio accentuates the excitement of this climactic moment, which is appropriately lit and underlined in a threatening way. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS films have always set standards for special effects, and the technical work of RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. Fighting in space is always exhilarating, and speed cycling through the forest is a coup de grace. Of course, since this movie was made after A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably should not be as surprising that the special effects have reached an even greater level of excellence. The acting game is the classic STAR WARS fare; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher have all matured and deepened in their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides more hilarious moments than C-3PO. Yoda by Frank Oz only appears in two scenes, but he makes the most of it. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> All in all, while RETURN OF THE JEDI falters a bit in the middle, the first and third acts set the tone with style, making it a pretty satisfying finale to one of the biggest sagas of all times. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas reissued the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored "Special Editions", which featured effects and / or shots as well as some improvements. Of the three, RETURN OF THE JEDI seems to have caused the most stir among STAR WARS fans. Perhaps this is due to the fact that the musical number of "Jedi Rocks" in Jabba's Palace, although technically incredible, disrupts the course of the film. However, I loved the final montage scenes where we see victory celebrations unfolding on the different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version contains even more modifications - we see more end-of-editing scenes (especially on Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks screaming, "Wesa free!"), And in what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as the specter of Anakin Skywalker in the last scenes. Probably because of the intense (and unfair) disdain that fans have for its somewhat staggering work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF CLONES, it seems inevitable that fans publish this edition for that alone. However, if you look at the STAR WARS story chronologically (and think about it), it is likely that you react a little differently. Nevertheless, this is a problem that fans have raised. It is therefore probably better to be notified in advance. <br /> <br /> As well as it would be nice to see Lucas release the original versions of these three classic films, he remains nonetheless convinced. by what he said about these reorganizations as being the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and when you watch STAR WARS movies as a complete saga (as Lucas wanted it), it makes sense to keep them consistent in technical and auditory terms. The original films will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as fun, if we can give them a chance.
