"Sudden Impact", director and star, is an intriguing addition to the "Dirty Harry" series, a combination of filmmaking and genius. It is mediocre and silly in some parts, brilliant and classic in others, with a captivating and captivating rhythm. The first film has many echoes. The scene "Make my day" recalls the scene "Are you lucky?", One of the villains is viscerally as repugnant as the first movie Scorpio, an actor who played The little villain in the first comes back here as a partner of Harry - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still at odds with the department's superiors, still mean, always tough, but now he's older and older. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law as opposed to a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, the two things not always being compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" (Do they outweigh those of the criminal?) Vice versa? The response to this film was controversial, giving rise to a sequel (the very amusing "Magnum Force"), which aimed to draw a dividing line between Harry's justice and pure and heartless vigilance. Dirty Harry, like many other roles in Clint, embodies vengeance, the protector of the helpless. This film, however, brings him back to the victim, Jennifer (represented by Sondra Locke), who decides to take revenge for the rape of herself and her now disabled sister, stalking mercilessly and ritually executing the men (and a woman) committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into reading the whole movie, I'll say this - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first film - in fact, it sprinkles references and jokes of the whole series (confusion about the captain's last name is an example - an intentional farce, I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is neat - our hero of rogue cops he found the soul mate of this woman vigilante? And is she a vigilante or a victim who rightly defends her tarnished rights to her and to her sister? The exchange between these two actors at the very end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, which I personally moved (as a fan). This last scene alone makes Sudden Impact the ultimate in the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict in the first film. (Do not hit "The Dead Pool" - this great movie was a light and comical thriller starring Harry Callahan, rather than a movie that defines the character of it). <br /> <br /> This movie has good in theaters - the audience at the time Reagan found Harry and his kind quite attractive, and the president himself often quoted "Go ahead, make my day" .
