It's a strange thing to see a film where some scenes work rather weakly (if only by comparison with other films of his heritage), while others in a "plot" or a secondary story are surprisingly strong and provocative. Suddenly Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director shows that he can be at his best, or be his time lessor when it comes to a crime / mystery / policeman in his celebrity Dirty Harry. We have this phrase of "make my day", and a bit like in the first movie where his speech "I feel lucky" was playful and cool the first time and the second time in the end, hard as nails, here it is reversed. As usual, he tackles another problem with the ministry when trying to fight crime "in its own way", especially with a robbery of diners (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with a pursuit to high speed in a bus for the elderly. He is told to "take a vacation", and that's the last thing he thinks about. The whole main plot is not very convincing apart from the hope of history and aftershocks, which only adds to the frustration. But his story soon merges with the sub-plot developed by Eastwood from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, whom we are learning soon, as a result of mysterious (mysterious) scenes that she and her shy sister have been victims of a cruel sexual assault and unfair (eg, rape, rape), and revenge brilliantly, like a person under cover. His scenes and his story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally, when he enters Callahan's scenario (he discovers facts in the same small town where she is committing a murder), the film finally finds a focus between Eastwood's classic form of clearly defined against evil (though sometimes fuzzy, to be sure). Eastwood films flashbacks, not to say too much about them, expertly, in an experimental and fresh style; the trademark Lalo Schifrin is totally atmospheric in these and other scenes. It almost looks like an artistic sensibility has crept into Eastwood's decidedly simple narrative style, which helps make the film visible. <br /> <br /> It's a shame, but in the end, it's more for the points to wait (or maybe not wait), and until the third act, Callahan does not have much something to do besides his usual 'it's blacksmith ... Wesson ... and me' shtick. However, with Locke, he gets a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the Gauntlet) and an exciting highlight in an amusement park. In a way, I do not agree with Ebert's remark that it sounds like a "music video" of Eastwood style here. I admit that there are comparisons with the simplicity of both, the franchise, but the scenes where Eastwood really breaks are superior to those of any video clip. It's corny, it's hard, it's not up to the first two pictures of "Harry", but hey, it could be worse way to spend a few hours with the master of .44.
