After "Star Wars: New Hope" redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back", "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film in this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but this one is doing a really good job. The first part of the film solves the problem left by the previous one, with an elaborate evacuation plan that corresponds to the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film goes back to the rebel alliance and what happens in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes until the final confrontation of the rebellion with the emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already at the limit of its position, and this final battle is even more intense than that of the other films. This climax is certainly more dense in action than any other part of the trilogy, the biggest at stake for the rebellion. This changes continuously between a land battle between the rebel strike team on Earth (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the raging battle in space (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the emperor on the new death star. , which leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It's really intense because the rebels seem to be constantly losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape possible. Although I think the Ewoks' idea of ​​controlling the stormtroopers is a little far-fetched, it did not seem very unrealistic, as they were more of a distraction than the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to the stormtroopers, although they have a chance to fight them. There is also a twist or two at the end that no one has seen coming, which may not be as amazing as that of "The Empire Strikes Back", but which nonetheless complements very well a very spectacular trilogy. With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film truly complements them by combining the two in this grand finale. The special edition of "The Return of the Jedi" focused on what would have been nice to change, as few of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technological progress did not seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration in the rancor scene, and there is still a TIE fighter going missing, but other than that, he was good. Sarlaac's gaping, non-threatening mouth was filled with moving tentacles and a huge head like a fly trap emerging, which definitely added to the suspense. In addition, the discotheque was released from the Jabba Palace and the lame end of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebrating the entire galaxy, instead of a small village Ewok, which was the case of the original really end a story as big as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the general trilogy is like a great, great movie. THIRD to see absolutely for movie buffs.
