The vigilante has long fascinated the public, insofar as it evokes a feeling of quick and sure justice; the good triumphs against evil and the wicked get their deserts. It's actually one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan's character (as played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a badge and works within the law, but deep down, Harry is a vigilante who does justice "in his own way", which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as with the criminals who 'He pursues. But that's what attracts the public. anyone who has ever been bogged down in bureaucratic nonsense of one type or another, is happy to see someone cut red tape and leave, even if it is only on the screen . And this satisfaction from the fact that justice is done - and quickly - is one of the elements that allowed "Sudain Impact", led by and performed by Eastwood, to be so successful. In this one, the fourth in the series, while working for a homicide, Harry meets a real vigilante at work - a person whose justice corresponds to his, with one exception: Whoever it is, it does not certainly does not have a badge. <br /> <br /> Inspector Callahan once again found himself on the wrong side of the department and was ordered to take a vacation. So he does; as only 'Dirty Harry' can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself in the middle of a homicide case, which he quickly associates with a recent murder in San Francisco because of his unique M.O. case used by the author. Unexplainably, Harry meets the resistance of local police chief Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his tactics and methods elsewhere in the big cities. However, Harry continues his investigation, which ultimately involves a young and beautiful talented artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a connection between the victims. But the burning question is where does Jennifer Spencer stand in the table? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in top form here, both in front and behind the camera, and it's probably the second best of the five-movie series, right behind the original "Dirty Harry". The last seven years had passed since Harry's last offering (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood reinstated the character with ease and vigor. And he really enjoys having it in the director's chair, because he is able to find the very essence of his own character, but also of this "spirit" that made these films so successful, and he does so by knowing the territory and establishing a continuity that almost erases this seven-year gap between # 3 and 4. As with all the films he makes, Eastwood sets a deliberate rhythm that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension for keep it interesting and get it involved from the beginning to finish. <br /> <br /> Joseph Stinson's script is well written and formulated in the distinctive style of "Dirty Harry"; the dialogue is lively and the story itself (designed by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most appealing since the original "Dirty Harry", as it successfully attempts to play on the very personal aspects of drama, rather than entirely on the action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and, of course, it's the movie that gave us one of the best phrases like "Go ahead, do my day ..." <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: he lives according to a personal moral code, a real individual made up of the kind of things we envision like those of the pioneers who settled this country and made America what which is. it's today. Harry embodies that sense of freedom and justice that we all aspire to and that we hold dear, perhaps even more today than ever before. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is undeniably a part of us that wants to be Harry, or at least have it with us. "Dirty Harry" is a movie icon, and it's impossible to envision anyone other than Eastwood who represents it. For better or for worse, Eastwood is "Dirty Harry", just like Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is quite effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, an aggrieved and revengeful young woman or, in her opinion, "justice". She manages to bring an unwavering determination to the vulnerability of her character, with a compelling introspective approach that goes far beyond what is typical of the genre "action". Even in the midst of the violence, Locke continues to focus on Jennifer and the traumatic events that brought her to this stage of her life. His portrait is a perfect complement to Harry of Eastwood and becomes, in philosophy and act, part of his counterpart. <br /> <br /> Two roles stand out in the supporting roles: Mick's Paul Drake creates the best psychopath 'from Andy Robinson's dynamic portrait of the serial killer in the original' Dirty Harry '. With a very limited screen time, Drake establishes a truly disconcerting, credible and convincing presence, which adds much to the purely visceral response of the audience. This is the guy you can not wait to see Harry take care of at the end. Audrie J. Neenan is also effective, she creates her character, Ray Parkins, the incarnation of the proverbial "low life", found in all bars and cities. It is a performance that evokes an intestinal reaction and adds a lot to the credibility of the film, in that it helps to give that necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The secondary cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace). Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Kruger). With a perfect mix of drama and action, "Sudden Impact" delivers justice that is a fulfilling respite from reality. the perfect justice of a not so perfect world, which makes it a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10.
