Who said that zombies can not be converted into useful members of the community? Certainly not the makers of "Fido", which take us to an unseen version of the 1950s when the undead were turned into butlers and servants of the burgeoning middle class. Timmy Robinson is the American boy who becomes emotionally attached to the new full-time family servant - a newly resurrected zombie whom Timmy affectionately nicknamed Fido. All this was made possible by Zomcom, a big brother organization that found a way to make zombies (which originally were driven by space radiation) manageable and docile - at least most br /> <br /> This twisted and modern twist of the TV series "Lassie" - it could easily have been titled "A boy and his zombie" - takes slyly satirical shots at such pre-1960s preoccupations as obsessive social conformity (here, staying up to the Joneses means having more zombie servants than the neighbors), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civic affairs, corruption of a small town, and values ​​of a nuclear family in a beautifully designed multi-colored house and immaculately manicured lawns. The film does not hit the audience by the head with its message, nor does it engage in endless hyperbole to generate bursts of laughter. Instead, it is a subtle, subtle little satire that elicits glowing cheers rather than full-bodied gaffaws. Much of the humor stems from the incongruity between the placidism of the setting and the casual attitude towards death manifested by the citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been replaced by a magazine called Death Magazine) . In spite of some amusing graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence we usually associate with the 1950s and the low-budget tacky horror movies that were so much part of the pop culture scene of this decade. K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are kind and attractive, as Timmy and his wide-eyed parents (with slightly sinister undertones), while Billy Connolly accomplishes the almost impossible task bringing a lot of humanity and depth to the role of a resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> That's what "Lassie" could have been if Timmy's best friend had been raging.
