In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are introduced to a London where slackers and the most powerful are forced to fight against versions of flesh-eating corpses and revived of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that zombies be rendered harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents an epilogue on "Shaun" that takes place in America in the 1950s, in a "what if ...?" movie. <br /> <br /> The film takes place after the apocalypse of the zombies, to change; after the Terror of the Zombie War, ended with the creation of the ZomCon Company and its patented zombie necklaces that make corpses as docile as lambs. All the cities of the world are separated from the Wild Zone, a once fertile landscape torn by surviving zombies and remnants of the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical suburb of the 50s, with a small difference. social status is measured by the amount of zombies domesticated by a family. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies, because of their patriarch, Bill's, of the fear of the reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from the pressure of life in the suburbs, until Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress her neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie wins Timmy's love when he saves him from a pair of violent intimidations, and the two form a bond to rival the classic cliché of "boy and his dog" .. a boy and his zombie. Timmy calls his "pet" Fido, and he quickly becomes a helper to allow Timmy and Helen to escape the prison-like routine that Bill imposed on them. But when Fido's collar of domestication goes off and he devours old Mrs. Henderson, the Robinson must contain their connection to the sudden epidemic of wild zombies while managing to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A film whose lively spirit and satirical gore carry her just as much as her casting of stars Carrie-Anne Moss of Matrix in Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly in Fido), "Fido" is a zombie com for ages. With some rather twisted side-tricks - for example the sweet and disturbing feelings Helen and Fido are starting to have for each other - and a poignant commentary on the suburbs of the 1950s and the zombie genre, the film manages to make bring out the worst (and the best) in his characters while allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far one of the best black comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and THE best zom-com ever since 'amazing' Shaun of the Dead '.
