Okay, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, honestly, when I found it in the video store, I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing to this subject really did not catch my attention. But when I was looking in Netflix, they advertised it like crazy if I liked scary movies, so I decided to give it a go. I'm so glad I watched it. It was a fantastic movie, absolutely hilarious and charming to watch. As I said, Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's a great concept. What happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun making zombies remain "useful" citizens. It's a very neglected horror / comedy movie, I think a lot of people were so blown away by Shaun of the Dead that it was right. But it's a beautiful story and the cast is perfect and made it a really fun movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternative universe of the 1950s, where the radiation of space transformed the dead into zombies. This radiation continues to strike humanity, as all those who die after the initial contamination turn into undead. In order to continue to live a normal life, the communities are closed with the help of a government company named Zomcon. Zomcon provides necklaces with the corresponding remotes to control the zombies' thirst for meat and use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, Helen, a housewife, buys a zombie despite the zombie phobia of her husband, Bill. Their son, Timmy, befriends the zombie by calling him "Fido". One day, Fido has a sore neck and he kills his neighbor next door, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombie neighbor. When a pair of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the bullies and they try to forget everything. A few days later, the body of the neighbor is found and the murder is traced to Fido, who is taken to Zomcon where the public is informed that it will be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido is simply working in a factory in Zomcon. Timmy tries to rescue him with the help of his neighbor and a zombie girlfriend in the hope of recovering Fido. <br /> <br /> I strongly recommend this film if you have the chance to see it, it's so ridiculous but very funny. Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and really brought a lot of life to the character without a play on words. I think the scene that made me laugh most is the one where Timmy has to bury the old lady attacked and killed by Fido. His last words were so funny: "You were not really nice, but you loved the flowers, so ??" and he buries it in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, fake, but the classic laughter. I still like the fact that, even though it's like the Leave It To Beaver-esquire world, there's still a lot of gore in the movie. So, if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
