As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to check. Well, I heard about it, and then I found the trailer. After that, I knew I had to see him. And I'm so glad I did it. Want to see classic TV mixed with zombies? No? So lose yourself. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a different film than anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, it's sort of. It's a bit like an episode of Lassie and a Zombie movie. Although combined, he feels completely new and original. FIDO is on a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is not a screaming parakeet or a puppy standing in the pot. It's a dead dead revived ... a zombie. A large cloud of radiation has invaded the Earth, which caused all the dead, which followed the zombie wars. Despite the genius of Reinhold Giger, ZomCon's chief scientist, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, giving us the advantage and victory in the Zombie War. Anyone who dies becomes a zombie because of persistent radiation. This can be a problem especially in the elderly. Although Zomcom is stepping up again with more breakthroughs, especially with the domestication collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and makes it harmless as a domestic animal. But all is not perfect in this utopia of the zombie, collars break, old people die and .... well, I let you watch this incredibly unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea that pays off. With an all-star cast and excellent writing, FIDO stands out above all in the comedy / horror genre. There are many fun and original situations that really amused me. Although after seeing the movie, I personally think that the movie would have been better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not last too long and moves from one scene to another at a good pace. It will probably end up becoming a cult classic, since it's not really a big-eyed comedy or even a horror movie. It's a humorous / family / zombie film in the 1950s. If you think everything I said here is interesting, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, bring your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
