When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master and his latest film Star Wars is very very good (and better noted in comparison to the two previous films of the original saga). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith really puts this film in perspective. The final battle seems even harder knowing what Anakin Skywalker has experienced at the manipulative hands of the emperor. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter given the love he felt for Padmé and the love she felt for her children. In fact, even if the new movies (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original movies, they are only for one reason. They make old movies even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill does an exceptional job in this film. It really brings the changes that Luke has gone through seem real. In all honesty, I think he should have become a great actor based on these films because he is doing a really good job. Harrison Ford is always good. However, you may have the impression that he made Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two chapters of Star Wars because he seems to have evolved a lot. He adds more comedy (obviously inspired by Raiders) to the character who works brilliantly. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never been a good actress, but she does a decent job and is certainly passable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this film and after seeing episode III, I can say he is one of the most accomplished villains of all time. James Earl Jones still provides voice to Vader and he is still very very good. <br /> <br /> Regarding the film, it is safe to say that the universe of Star Wars is better than in one of the two previous (two) films but it has always been the forte of Lucas, so you really have to expect. The final battle on Endor is very well done, from the point of view of the general effects as well as the tension. It is also a good idea that Lucas decided to hold three battles at the same time, which added to the general tension of the climax. <br /> <br /> The only thing that makes me think is to drag the film from a 9 otherwise deserved, it's the Ewoks. These little creatures are so boring that they ruin almost every scene in which they are. Plus, I find it a bit awkward when a group of teddy bears with bows and arrows can defeat a squad of Storm Troopers with laser guns and powerful machines. Overall, Return of the Jedi is a very good movie, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less accomplished director than Irvin Kershner does not make him look less than brilliant. Also, the stupid decision of George Lucas to add the Ewoks to the universe is that the film lacks brio. <br /> <br /> 8/10
