About a year ago, I watched the news on television when a report was published on a zombie film filmed in my area. Since then, I have paid special attention to this film entitled "Fido", which has finished production and started playing in festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. Just yesterday I read a newspaper article claiming that Fido was not attracting an audience in this limited edition, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, here all the other shows at The Paramount Theater are removed, including 300. Of course, that makes sense, many locals wanting to see their city on screen or see themselves wandering in a zombie makeup. And for all the other people in the area who have not yet seen Fido but who are considering it, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from the school to the city park, passing through the forbidden zone, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley beautiful. It's true beautiful landscape in a zombie movie! However, Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most other 20 movies from my local market. Fido is described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart premise. And the film goes even further by taking advantage of the 1950s emphasis on compliance and evoking the paranoia of the Cold War that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the notion that zombies can be tamed or trained, which George Romero introduced for the first time in Day Of The Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy whose mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie maid so she can look like all the other women in her neighborhood. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against it because he already had to kill his own "zombie father". Finally, the family acquires a zombie named 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the cast. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, envy, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, heavy body and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play sober characters better than his extravagant comics. This is her best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido is following in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. As someone who appreciates more Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor to gore in my horror. However, I understand the critics of these horror fans who think there is not enough "carnage of the living dead" in Fido. Still, I'm sure patient viewers will be rewarded with the sweet humor of the movies. <br /> <br /> The film breaks down in his third act. It's as if writers were so immersed in the pretty place of domesticated zombies of the 50s that they forgot the arc of history. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
