I guess the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is that your release date is not perfect. Frankly, I'm just happy that Fido was chosen for distribution in the United States. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Well. How about Lassie? Able to reconcile the two? Well, if you can, you may be Andrew Currie, Canadian filmmaker of the very first family-themed zombie comedy, or zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the press in Toronto has called it.) Although not as violent, dry or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion to the old black and white television of 50s, including Lassie and the infamous science fiction pulp pumped during this period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) demonstrate the story's brilliance. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world where zombies have been converted into servants because of their numbers due to a strange accident. What would you use your new undead servant for? A butler? Manual work? A pet? Untoward acts? Fido approaches all of these possibilities in a sweet and surprising way, thanks in large part to the work of Connelly (one of the zombies) and the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a better young Elijah Wood than the Elijah Wood was young. <br /> <br /> If you are waiting for another Shaun of the Dead, do not waste your time. There is not enough gore and tingly like that to satisfy you and you get out of theater, bitter and depressed. But if you're ready to watch what happens to Shaun of Dead, when it jumps across the lake, you'll be thrilled. Think of Fido as a sensitive little brother, more often beaten, of the rebellious loser of Shaun of the Dead, and you start drifting. If you love (or at least tolerate) zombies, little kids and loads of boundless satire, Fido is the movie for you. If that's not the case ... well, you know the exercise. Just tap them between the eyes.
