A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" came out. He does not remember seeing the film for the first time, but he does not remember life before either. He remembers the first "Star Wars" gift he received ... a shoebox filled with action figures from the original box. He was too young to understand how special this gift would be. But years later, he would get what he has received to date as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of figurines, ten of the last twelve finals he needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in this boy's family to see how the last figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and transported to stores, and how that boy stayed for about ten years (until his entrance to college) for someone on his dormitory floor for a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's a tip from Northern Illinois University). <br /> <br /> I can not review "Star Wars" as a movie. It represents absolutely everything that is good, fun and magical in my childhood. In my mind, nothing separates him from Christmas, birthdays, summers and winters that grow. In winter, my friends and I were building snowy forts and pretending we were in Hoth (I was still Han Solo). My friends' father built them a tree house, which served as Ewok village. They also had a huge pine tree whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of cavern underneath, which made it a great place to pretend we were at Yoda's. I am completely stupid when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people understand it or do not understand it. I do not get the call of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the enraged crowds of fans who follow them because I'm a fan of George Lucas's movies. <br /> <br /> I do not feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as being among the best of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I was eight again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was how to find an Anakin Skywalker character. <Br /> <br /> Grade (for the entire trilogy): A +
