If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of scary moments, and incessant and growing scenes of excruciating death, then look elsewhere. If you like calm, sullen and pensive horrors that put blood aside to give way to a real sense of apprehension, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, stressed, George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their young son Miles head for the snowy countryside for a long weekend away from the city. As he climbs, George hits a deer with his car. Hunters chasing the deer are not happy when they discover that George has ended their pursuit. In particular, Otis, a deranged hunter, takes it personally. He follows the family to their holiday home, making sure to see him. He spies on George and Kim while they have sex. He shoots through their windows with his rifle when they are not home, allowing them to discover the menacing holes in their windows and walls when they come back. When Kim takes Miles to the city pharmacy, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a window, carved to look like a man with a deer's head. A Native American tells Miles that it is the Wendigo, a wood spirit that tastes like flesh and is always hungry. Miles takes the character home, already haunted by the death of the deer the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, George gets shot and Miles goes through the woods with a barely-caught creature ... or is he just shocked and imagined- Does it all? A few hours later, George is rushed to the hospital and Miles, still clinging to his statue, faints, dreams or pursues a vision quest in which the Wendigo returns. This time, the angry god who eats the flesh - both a tree, a stag and a man - is looking for Otis, who has finally crossed the line. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully shot film, almost totally silent but for the wind screaming through the snow-covered trees. Okay, the monster itself looks like a fake, but it's a small flaw, more than offset by the actual feeling of tension and terror that creeps through all the footage in the movie and by the sinister bottom of the silent and snowy film. campaign. The performances are excellent, especially of Jake Weber as George, thoughtful and thoughtful, and Patricia Clarkson as a sweet but irreproachable wife. They are a happy couple who share common problems. It is the strength of their relationship and their mutual love that gives this film a great power. Watching this movie often comes back to watching someone's personal videos, as the performances are realistic. <br /> <br /> This film is not for everyone. Many people may feel totally bored, waiting for Lovecraftian's hideous beast and a bloody revenge that will never come. We can never really be sure that the Wendigo exists, seen as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, later, through the eyes of a madman. It's more of a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it contains enough scary elements to satisfy subtle horror lovers.
