Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and her son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) head to the country for a relaxing weekend in the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the way, they earn a dollar and get stuck in the snow. A group of hunters following the ball presented themselves. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is mad with anger because the crash has cracked the horns of the man. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis and, worse yet, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they are. Meanwhile, Miles receives a wendigo token (a kind of Indian spirit / monster) from an Indian he has only seen. Is Otis a psychopath to recover our heroes? Are there wendigos in the woods? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a number of problems likely to attract viewers. It's a low-budget movie, with obvious technical limitations. Much of the film, and perhaps all of it, does not really concern the titular creature. And perhaps the fatal blow for many people, it has a very ambiguous end, with a number of questions left unanswered. If you're discouraged by these words and do not like movies that make you think about what all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like that. I usually prefer a certain ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is aimed at those who want a quick and scary movie, where they would expect a great battle with a supernatural monster who is defeated at the end and where everything is perfectly connected except for an opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but that's not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature film suggests to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. The Frost poem, and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and atmosphere from seemingly simple things, is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about this movie is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different movies running simultaneously, one thread of each character. In George's lead, he is not exactly the happiest or the most pleasant guy in the world and he has some parental problems. For him, the film is a realistic and horrible descent of his life that goes from bad to worse. In Patricia's thread, she seeks to rejuvenate her life and her family. She is a psychologist who especially denies the problems that surround her, hoping that they will disappear and go better. In Otis's lead, he is even luckier than George, and his arrival in his life symbolizes the final "crack" of his psychological armor. And in Miles' thread, which is probably the most important in the film, life is like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and its interpretation of the world. But it's a horror story, after all, but with a glimmer of hope, and the events in the film give a dark twist to Miles' poetic interpretation. Yet when everything is said and done, he seems to be the only one to remain calm, because of his poetic vision. <br /> <br /> Even though the film is low budget, there are many well-executed movies higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography, Terry Stacey, have found great pictures in beautiful places and created interesting slideshows, such as montages (such as maps or wendigo Indian pictures of the book). There are also more interesting traditional fixtures, such as Miles' Nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget movies. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" in the end worked for me and was perfectly ambiguous. The lighting was generally good - on a few occasions, the dark scenes were not as clear as they could have been, but there seemed to be a problem with the film stock (it could have been digital) or transfer. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic than the majority of the movies. Even though I did not really notice the score, it had to go, otherwise I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> Overall, Wendigo is a very good film that deserves to be viewed without prejudice. , as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you watch.
