A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy at work, with a mass of main storyline (written by Jole Schumacher, a foolish and mediocre Hollywood bean, magically converted into a choice piece of extraordinarily brilliant 24-carat musical drama thanks to a lively direction , with fresh and engaging performances, remarkable production values, a tasty 1950s New York reenactment, a contagiously effervescent roll-to-the-punch tone and a truly wonderful rhythm and blues score of the great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, vaguely based on the exploits of the real life of the Supremes, prosaically documents the difficult rise in rags of three black teenage girls with bright eyes and impoverished eyes who desperately long for escape from them a desperate and unrewarding situation in a ghetto and make it a big one in the dazzling world of the R & B commercial music All the obvious maneuvers of instant wealth and success - ego, drugs, corruption, fighting for the preservation of your integrity, etc. - are planned, but, fortunately, the excellent uniform work that emerges almost completely from the other departments of the film cancels Schumacher's flat and uninspired line. The leading acting game helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are extremely sexy, dynamic and attractive singers - and excellent singers. Philip Michael Thomas, patient and charming group manager, Dorian Harewood, venal, the aggressive friend of McKee's hound dog, and Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," "Bucktown") King as a nasty, nasty gangster smooth operation and stone. The tone goes from humor and poignancy to melancholy and joy without ever losing a beat, skilfully evolving into a radiant and uplifting ode to the extraordinary ability of the human mind to effectively overcome extremely difficult obstacles and intimidating. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern does a great job as a director. Bruce Surtees' luminescent cinematography and Gordon Scott's expert editing are flawless. O'Stern's firm mastery of the period atmosphere, his keen eye for tiny, yet revealing details, and his infallible sense of busy, uninterrupted rhythm are just as impressive. Do not be fooled by the impeccable contributions of Curtis Mayfield's soundtrack. "Jump", "What can I do with this feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take my hand, Lord, my precious God", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look in your heart" are all terribly granted , full of soul, almost unbelievably fantastic songs, with Jones' very sweet sensual number, "Something He Can Feel", which was later picked up by Aretha Franklin and In Vogue, clearly winning the musical honors as the best song of all the film. The net result of all these exceptional attributes cited above convincingly demonstrates that sometimes it is not the scenario, but rather what is done with that scenario which in turn determines the exceptional quality of a film.
