It was a doubly interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific spirit of the twentieth century had never been the central figure of a film *. The closest I can think of movies with Einstein is CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (as a "deus ex ma-china") the great man is heard clarifying a point on a radio show, so that Ronald Colman is proven to have given the right answer after all, and in BULLSHOT where the great Albert is one of the twelve renowned physicists and scientists who were drugged with cannabis by the wicked, with the intention of stealing some of their machines. It should be noted that in these two cases, and in IQ, we are dealing with comedies. So far, no one has attempted to make a serious film about Einstein's life, like John Huston's attempt to make one on FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I guess it's too difficult to bring the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer had a great spirit. Maybe no one really tried. <br /> <br /> (* Then, after writing this, I remembered the hit comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago, but it's an exception and it's a travesty. The other surprise was the actor playing the big Albert. It was Walter Matthau, here, taking the time of the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon during his last decade of career. Matthau was a very talented and talented actor, both in comedy and drama, but his comic characters were usually variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich of THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connivers and gonos. Later, they would give up their criminal leanings because we grew up to love them, but they were grumpy guys. But his Albert Einstein happens to be really nice. More like his Kotch than Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert as a good old uncle Albert. It seems that Matthau's Einstein lives in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she sees a stuffy professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs and drove him to the auto shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins cracks for Ryan, who is attracted to him - but finds that he does not have the mental equipment that she admires. The good old uncle Albert, with the help of his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks), decides to help Robbins and makes him a genius of physics apparently unrecognized. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided that Ryan is impressed and that Fry does not spoil anything (as he hopes to do). <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is sweet, as when Matthau and his comrades laugh up to a great physics game they help Robbins cheat (by changing the positions of their bodies). The plot eventually leads to outright lies that the brilliant Robbins built an atomic rocket - bringing the nation's interests into the face of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). <br /> It was a charming comedy, and an interesting stretch for Matthau in that he was not as hyper hyper normal as usual, but much more moderate.
