Yes, you read correctly, children. Michael Bay should have studied this film before making one of his films "Transformers", too long, too lively and too useless. "Robot Jox" is better than both and it probably costs less than the "Transformers" team that has dedicated Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this little robotic gem, originally known primarily to be the film This bankrupt studio of the Empire Pictures studio of Charles and Albert Band seems to have developed a cult over the years. I remember very well watching it on VHS during the initial release of his video in the early 90s and although some political stereotypes / stereotypes of the Cold War period were already outdated at that time (only the chance of the bands that communism falls while the movie sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, huh?), it's still a pretty cool little film. They are no longer really like that, or if they do, they go in the path of the bay and the CGI in unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know well, here is the Robo-scoop: We are somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been proscribed. Disputes between nations are now settled mano-a-mano (or maybe it should be machine-o-machine-o) by a representative of each party fighting in gigantic style giant Shogun Warrior style robots. The bot that moves away from the fight wins for "his" team. Gary Graham (who will later play detective role Sykes in the Alien Nation TV series) plays "Achilles", the biggest historical Robot Jock Marketplace (AK). Achilles was undefeated in his previous nine robot battles (ten being the maximum number of fights before a "Jock" was removed) and at the beginning of the movie, he faces his counterpart in the "Confederation" (ie The Russkies!), The psychotic Alexander (who is the most stereotypical villainous villain since Dolph Lundgren's infamous turn in the role of Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander breaks the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ends up embarrassing Achilles, but also killing a lot of spectators. A rematch is scheduled to end the fight, but Achilles just wants to withdraw, hang up his helmet and move on. Rather than violating the rules of the spoiler by revealing much more, I will simply say that there are a lot of twists, backstage behind the scenes, and other difficulties for Achilles and his companion "Jox" before the two robotic titans do not finally clash one time. Again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I do not make this movie a science fiction masterpiece because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I'll concede that the concept is slightly higher than your average science fiction category B movie, and although budget constraints are apparent from time to time (especially in scenes involving a painfully obvious green screen trickery) ), it's still the most beautiful film ever released from the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robot fight scenes are very well done using old-school stopping and modeling techniques, and sets and costumes do not look unhealthy. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon have definitely turned to the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it did not really work for them (or the studio), but at least we had a great movie of the movie. Bottom line: if you want to be attacked visually and audibly for more than 2 hours, do not hesitate to rent a movie "Transformers". In the end, you'll probably feel like you've spent all that time watching someone play a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, sock'em good time robot, pick up Robot Jox instead.
