"The Matador" is a black comedy starring Pierce Brosnan in the role of a great success who befriends a married and happy American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically nicknamed "Noble") seems to be a "tough guy" on the surface, he is actually a mass of neuroses and insecurities, a man who realizes that his profession of choice left him virtually alone in the world and without friends. Thus, on his birthday, he contacts Danny, a man who has lived his life in accordance with the rules and is strangely intrigued by the "unconventional" lifestyle of Julian. In fact, the two men find in the other person that they could never be, but wish they could become their moments of self-evaluation quieter and more frank. <br /> <br /> Even if the film recalls a little too "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador", nonetheless gains points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of his game. Brosnan, looking old and almost exhausted, loves the role of Julian as he has never done before. Incarnated by a man who constitutionally seems incapable of establishing a serious bond with another human being, Brosnan turns around and jumps for a moment, then sincerely and sympathetically the other. It always keeps us unbalanced so that the humor never becomes rude or bland. Kinnear is also excellent as a regular Joe businessman who is increasingly drawn to the dark side as his relationship with Julian intensifies. Hope Davis does an excellent job as a "bean", Danny's loyal and affectionate wife who, like her husband, is intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure of a world very different from the one that she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we have the feeling that "The Matador" holds us back, that he does not really dive into the depths of his situation and his premises. In the end, it seems a bit too light, too insubstantial to record the impact it should have. It may be because it's Richard Shephard's first feature, screenwriter / director, and his film has not quite filmed yet. Nevertheless, we appreciate the fact that he does not always adopt the obvious and that he remains focused on the two main characters of the play, rarely being satisfied with the banal configuration or the easy laugh. <br /> <br /> "The Matador" is a small, but generally amusing, comedy that hopefully will mark a new stage in Brosnan's acting career.
