Fassbinder's most lavish production hardly sacrifices his talent for identifying and deconstructing a place of suffering in long mobile grips that also act as a social encapsulation; here, it's much more obvious, since the story unfolds in war-torn Germany at the end of the Second World War and that the main character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who capitalizes on Vulnerabilities (economic and gender-related) to catapult itself to the scale of a textile body ahead. this makes coveted goods like lederhosen available to indigent workers (as it used to be). Married in the midst of Allied air raids, Maria and her new husband, Herrmann, are allowed to spend a short honeymoon before being sent to the Russian front. In her absence, her despair is great: she spends most days at the station, waiting for her return. When he is reported dead, she abruptly stops mourning and accepts the work of a waitress / prostitute in a brothel frequenting American restaurants. <br /> <br /> On his return, things get complicated, depending on the circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to separate them. The message is Mr. O. de Fassbinder. In the broad sense: "Love is colder than death," but Maria is not only fighting her own mental health, and her husband is largely unable to love her, but a country in full mutation without perceptible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder makes a statement that post-war Germany has been sold to the highest bidder, but like all his films, I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions that are there. exhibited: Fassbinder is evoked through his characters; its actors are filtered in their real relations with Fassbinder. Taken together, his films can be unbearable or unspeakably hypnotic, often at once; this is somewhere in between, but certainly closer to them. Although I did not love her as much as Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly had a greater reach and, moreover, I could feel her passion and the genuine detail of human emotions.
