Maria Braun's Wedding (MMB) tells the story of a German girl (Maria) married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) at the end of the war. After being married for half a day and one night, Herman is sent back to the front. To make ends meet, Maria starts working in a bar for mostly American soldiers and gets to know a black soldier. She learned that Herman had died at the front and that things were going on between her and the American soldier. Herman joins them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits the murder, finds himself in prison and Maria swears to wait for him. The country is in ruins; we see people leaving everything that occupies them for a cigarette. There are food shortages. In short, a survival period of the fittest. <br /> <br /> This film essentially presents the attitudes of Maria - those she allows herself in the above-mentioned circumstances, as a metaphor for the post-war loss of soul of Germany and the way in which she is rebuilding herself. For example, Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler tries to sell him an excellent copy of Kleist and she notices that "Kleist goes out quickly, it does not provide enough heat for the cold". The hawker replies, "That's another way of looking at things, for now it's probably the right way." <br /> <br /> Maria meets a Franco-German businessman, Karl Oswald, after making his way into the compartment of first class trains. She decides to get involved with Karl: "You have no business with me, I have an affair with you". She also assumes responsibility in the company and, after a while, enjoys the full trust of the company. When Karl says, "I guess we'll just have to wait for a miracle," she says, "I'd rather do miracles, so wait for them." In her own words, she became the "Mata Hari of the economic miracle". <br /> <br /> In many of Fassbinder's films, he has tried to highlight the psychological processes underlying social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point his camera at the bullsh * t, the fake social mechanisms, the simulacrum. Maria's direct approach in this film is a success in conveying this ideology. For example, she phones Karl and when he picks up the phone, his request goes straight to the point: "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said, "the emotions felt by people did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentalism that we thought we needed to function properly in society." He also noticed that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the scene when Karl and Maria met at the Munich restaurant (apparently, frequently visited by Hitler himself). Maria seems in control and Karl a little behind, as if the "brutal honesty" Maria tired, as if he was no longer up to the situation. Karl says "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life". Maria answers "It's life, is not it, as if we had signed a contract to enjoy life, then we go out to eat and talk about food". I suppose this also applies to Fassbinder's attitudes about relationships, never to be completely subordinate to anyone. And why would you, if the central question of most of his films is "What does love become in this society?" A commodity, an instrument of power, a weapon. <br /> <br /> It's been noticed It's typical of Fassbinder to have scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive robes in the ruins after the war - with these clothes mostly from the bad period. What I think he wanted to describe here is these attitudes, when you feel bad, that "you can still wear makeup and face a beautiful day". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistake made in a movie could just be corrected in the next project. Since making movies (about 4 per year) in the same way as other cigarette rollers, it's no wonder this movie has some really bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably imagined the whole scene overnight with Maria and the American in the park. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant like Maria. Above all, she stares at the camera. In Maria's own words "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it like that". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions on the end. After Karl's death following a heart attack, Herman finally shows up. (Herman left for Australia after being released from prison, to "become human again.") After the handover of the will (in two words), Maria forgets to turn off the gas on the fire when she lights her cigarette. and blow it up with Herman. For me, it's obvious that she did it by accident. At the same time, she must have been shaken when her dreams finally seemed about to come true. She must have felt like she was no longer herself. She felt as if she had survived.
