Maria Braun married in full combat all around her and her husband Hermann. For starters, an explosion ripped through the building and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a pile of rubble in the street. This may seem like a heavy metaphor for what is coming: marriage on the rock, so to speak. It is a wedding where the husband goes to war and is detained in a Russian prison camp, unbeknownst to the powerless but optimistic and proud Maria, who stands near the rubble of the station while some return home they, others not, with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> Trouble arises, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see as Maria (Hanna Schygulla in this role) do a double face: she will stay with her man, even if it means working in a bar for American GIs and, even after a comrade soldier knows that Hermann is dead, will always be by her side as she sleeps with a Black GI and is about to carry his child (that is, until he reappears and a murder takes place and he takes things in his hands so that she can be safe ), or works for a German businessman (very nice, Ivan Desny) and sometimes becomes his mistress and rising star of the company. Maria will do all that is necessary to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that nothing is fascinating in Maria. Money, sex, power, all this becomes interchangeable for Maria. She's like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a stifling smile: she can have a husband more or less (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the movie) while getting things - a man who's really like. whenever he can, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money that others around her do not get because of being already with a man or too weak to be able to to lift anywhere (like the secretary, played quite interestingly by Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, confident and all alone, with an idealized life going against a life that should be done in the shade. She tells of the two men - the American soldier and the poor old and sick Oswald - that she loves them and that she will remain attached to these roses, the confused and intrepid husband that Hermann sends from Canada after his release from prison. . She has a profile that a feminist would like to create, but she understands where she comes from. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction, and the moments spent with Maria seem to go against the melodrama conventions (eg, Hermann walking on Maria and GI naive and half-naked is pretty much the leader - a work of a scene, the reaction of Maria not being of surprise nor of guilt, but a pure happiness to see that it is there, still only alive), while remaining with its arms as director of this high-level technique with a scenario that should be predictable. But it's not really. It's like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, could not really move to normality. Sometimes Fassbinder puts the sound of the radio in the background and we see Maria walking around her family's house all around her, and the radio is talking about a divided Germany, things that are still very unstable, 'a dismay. . Maybe the only way to cope is excess, or maybe that's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say, actually, under Schygulla's gaze and look, anyway. It's such an incredible performance, really, one of those shows that captures the glamor and charm of an old Hollywood star, while retaining the disgusting ethics of a street girl. The most telling costumes are the opposite costumes that we see in a scene when she is finally with her husband, where she plays one of these pieces of black lingerie and super-lascivious high heels, then switches to a dress without even think it. It's almost the essence of what Maria is, and Schygulla describes it beautifully, a stubborn but loving figure who is worshiped and perplexed by the men around her, sometimes in one sentence. This is what Fassbinder describes in his marvelous first part of his "trilogy"; Although I generally prefer Veronika Voss to a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as character study, which makes a woman tick and stain with (almost) nothing to lose. .
