'The Student of Prague' is a first horror drama or, on the contrary, a "self-film" (ie an auteur film). This film is part of a movement composed of many movements that have tried to make respectable cinema, or simply to make a profit, by adapting literature or theater on the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book with moving images is good. Alfred de Musset's poem and a story by Edgar Allen Poe are centered on the theme of the doppelganger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the most cinematic film that we get is the double exposure effects allowing Paul Wegener to appear twice in scenes. Guido Seeber was a wizard specializing in special effects for his time, but he is not very good at positioning or moving the camera. The film researcher Leon Hunt (published in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative"), however, made an interesting analysis on this film using a framing to amplify the theme of the double: the characters are separated into two parts: left / right, near / far and frontal. / diagonal framing of characters and plans. Be that as it may, the film consists mainly of long shots extended from a fixed position, which is visibly primitive. The worst is the lack of editing; there is very little dissection of scenes and the scenes persist. None of this is unusual for 1913, but there were more advanced films in this regard at about the same time, including the best passages of "Atlantis" (August Blom, 1913), "The Twilight of 'a woman's soul' (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913). and the short films by DW Griffith. <br /> <br /> The extension of the universal vocabulary of films by 1926 would allow a much better remake. In addition, the remake has a raison d'être of the character of Lyduschka, besides being an occasional troublemaker and a substitute spectator. Here, the gypsy with the bewildering acts hides apparently with a cloak of invisibility. I know their world is silent for me, but I suppose, with their moving lips and such, that their world would not be silent for them, so how can Lyduschka let herself be slaughtered on the shoulders of others and not be noticed? <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is one of the first films of most conceptual interest. Wegener, who seems to have been the main spirit behind this film, besides starring, will later play the lead role and co-direct "The Golem" in 1920 - thus helping to usher in the supernatural thread of German silent cinema . . <br /> <br /> (Note: the first version I watched lasted about an hour (probably not quite complete) and was in poor condition, with white faces occasionally, etc. I'm not sure who was the Since then, I've also seen the Alpha DVD which, at 41 minutes, misses the footage in the above-mentioned draw and also contains fewer and more different title cards, but it does not is visually not so bad.The repetitive score is better muted, though.)
