One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema has undoubtedly been German expressionism, the highly atmospheric film style developed in the 1920s in Berlin. Classical movies like "Dr. Caligari's Das Cabinet." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement. Although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on the cinema is still felt today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures of this style would be the director Paul Wegener, director of "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" of the 1920s, as in his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before the realization of this classic, he already had expressionist experiences in the film. This first prototype of German Expressionism was also another horror film: "Der Student Von Prag". <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag", is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best shooter in Prague, but who is still struggling with financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after his horse accidentally dropped him. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but he soon realizes that he will have to compete with his rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry him. Knowing that he can not offer him much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that's where a wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) comes on the scene. Scapinelli offers Balduin an infinite wealth in exchange for everything he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposition, only to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Loosely inspired by the novel by Edgar Allan Poe "William Wilson" and the classic legend of "Faust", The story of "Der Student Von Prag" was designed by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers to consider scriptwriting as as valuable as any other form of literature. "Der Student Von Prag", which was written at a time when cinema was still an art form in Germany, testifies to a real desire to really use the cinema to tell a fully developed story, beyond a tour camera or a series of scenes. Like most scriptwriters of his time, Ewers' script is still heavily influenced by drama, although "Der Student Von Prag" is starting to move away from this style. Although a little mediocre on the development of his characters (especially on the secondary characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex character in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" was the director of Paul Wegener First film and second film of Stellan Rye as a filmmaker, it is clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of what the cinema could do correctly. Using a lot of Guido Seeber's cinematography, the two young filmmakers create a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what German filmmakers would do in the next decade. Wegener was going to learn a lot of the techniques he would use in his "Golem" series of Seeber and Rye. Despite very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create an astonishing and convincing visual effect (for his time) for scenes with the reflection of Balduin (also played by Wegener). An experienced theater actor at the time of making this film, Wegener leads the cast with great talent and also tries to move away from the offbeat style of previous directors. <br /> <br /> As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective. and probably the best in the movie. It certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the writer, but we can not deny that Wegener was very good in his role of poor student who loses more than his mirror reflection in this contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that suits the character perfectly. There is little talk of Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt makes sure we know he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, Grete Berger being quite average as Countess Margit and Lothar Körner making poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was good enough in her expressive character and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that the character of Lörner should have had. <br /> <br /> Considering the movies made in these years in other countries and that his remake (made 13 years after this movie) is superior in every respect, it's not hard to understand why "Der Student Von Prag "did not stand the test of time as well as other early films. The main problem of the film is undoubtedly its extremely low budget, because the film is considerably shorter than Ewers' writing needed to be fully developed. This sometimes makes the plot a little too vague, if not incomplete, as if something was missing in the story (of course, it is also possible that the existing print is really incomplete). "Der Student Von Prag", however, is a very interesting attempt at the beginning of a complex tale of horror and suspense in a film that, although inferior to other filmmakers at the time, left an impression strong in the story. <br /> <As a direct predecessor of the German Expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance of "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may seem outdated, but given the limited resources available to its director, it is really better than most movies of that time. "Der Student Von Prag", the film that began the career of Paul Wegener, and with this German expressionism, is a must for anyone interested in this slice of the film's history. 7/10
