1927, and Hollywood was on the map as the center of the film world for a little over a decade. Now that it had become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and the vertically integrated studio system was established, some of those located in the quieter quarters of this film factory were taking the time to think a bit . The Last Command, though its heart is the classic story of a prestigious man who has fallen into difficult moments, describes in a dark way how cinema recreates the reality and how its production process can be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on the scene long enough to find out. <br /> <br /> The center of the stage is a man who was at the time one of Hollywood's most famous immigrants ?? Emil Jannings. Prior to arriving in the United States, Jannings had worked primarily in the comedy field, mastering both martial and hilarious performance, often in the form of pompous authority figures or old hashishers. He makes his debut in The Last Command as the last, and at first it looks like it's another Jannings caricature. However, as the story progresses, the actor must demonstrate his range, showing in turn a delicate fragility, a serene dignity and finally an impressive power and presence in the finale. It never ceases to be a scathing exaggeration (the German tradition of dramatic play knowing nothing of subtlety), but it constantly draws our attention to absolute control of all facets of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, although one of those who had been in Hollywood for a little longer and had no experience in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of the compelling Teutonic artist Kino Meister (the "von" was incorporated, by the way), and adopted a very distinctive approach to the craft. It should be noted on this image his handling of cadence and tone, a good example being the first Russian flashback scenes. We begin with a carefully constructed chaos with a movement in converging directions, which is part of the audience as the camera retreats and the extras rush across the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything is settled. Jannings' performance is incredibly serene and measured, and as the players around him begin to reflect it, the effect is as if his mere presence had restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show a disgust for violence, thus allowing the vilest. moments outside the screen, and yet implying that they occurred with a flow of almost poetic images. In fact, he really seems to have a total lack of interest in the action. In the scene of the prisoner revolt, Sternberg takes a distant and objective stance, and his camera eventually retreats into a fly position. Compare this to the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mix of point-of-view shots and close-up shots, plunging us into the middle of their interaction. <br /> <br /> On the set, it seems that Sternberg looked a lot like the cold and insensitive director played on the screen by William Powell. In fact, Powell's portrait is probably a kind of deliberate parody to which even Sternberg would have participated. Unfortunately, this tough attitude did not make him an easy man to work. In parallel with the concentration of its technical resources on its human resources, the reduced performances of its images leave a little to be desired. While Jannings displays a classic style in Charles Laughton's mode that works dramatically, it seems that no one has told his co-stars that they do not participate in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is good enough, she gives us good emotions, but she is exaggerated here and there. The only performance that comes close to Jannings is that of Powell himself. It's a bit odd to see The Thin Man's usually kind star and The Great Ziegfeld play such a stern, humorless character, like a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job, revealing a smoldering emotional intensity under this outside. hard. <br /> <br /> The Last Order could easily have ruffled some feathers in studio offices, as it tends to happen with all the derogatory comments about the film's making process, even a relatively ungainly example like this one. At the very least, I think many studio directors would have been unhappy with the "behind the scenes" vision, which threatened the mystique of making a film that was still very much alive at this stage. The impact of the photo was such that Jannings won the very first Academy Award for Best Actor, as well as the nomination for Best Screenplay for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the problem is a bit vague) an appointment for the best movie. This is important because the Academy was a tiny institution at that time and the first awards were more than ever a treat by the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized the good material when they saw it and were ready to reward it.
