Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by the own production company of his hero (Shintaro Katsu). This may be the reason why it is a slightly less important entry in the series, even if it is by no means weak. He says that our hero has crossed two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious ronin helping the poor. From this configuration follows a tragedy, a violence and a non-negligible interest, all accompanied by whips of the sword furtive but inspired. brands of the series. It is a fairly predictable plot that goes up in a way that is not surprising, but that marries with style and is interesting. The useful ronin, for example, is a nobly impenetrable revolutionary character, upsetting the established order without being presented as a truly likeable or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself commits one or two errors and causes harm by his actions, while the system in place is fueling the exploitation of the poor. It's a hard world, with one or two more visceral moments than expected in the fighting, although things are not as exciting as they could be. Shintaro Katsu performs a typical bravura performance as Zatoichi, combining wisdom, mortal skill and worldly sense with a subtle sense of vulnerability, while a solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and a truly terrifying Kô Nishimura (for appear later as Katsu Magobei's "Top Snake" in the Hanzo trilogy) as the film's two main bosses. In addition, Yuko Hamada has a positive emotional turn as an aggrieved woman. The film loses its rhythm by a faltering cadence and sequence of events not so well constructed, there is at least a slightly discordant temporal leap and the power of the plot becomes a little lost, which means that when the time heats up, the movie is gone. As exciting as it may be, the emotional impact is also lost. Director Satsuo Yamamoto is very much in charge of Zatoichi's action or scenes using his ingenious talents, although some games of chance are less interesting and the film is constructed in a rather professional rather than professional way, without the characters or the strong verve of some others. payments. Yet I enjoyed this one, it has its flaws and is not one of the best in the series, but it still contains a dose of entertainment quite satisfactory, a good story and good doses the ingenious and offbeat mark of Zatoichi. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, something elegant but not really great.
