This is one of the strangest movies in the Zat么ichi series because of its very unusual rhythm and the role played by Ichi in the film. Interestingly, it was the first Zat么ichi film made by Shintaro Katsu's new production company. Now, instead of playing only the blind swordsman, Katsu is responsible for making the movies. This could easily explain why this movie has a style so different from the previous 15 films. As for the role of Ichi, the film is very different because it is not in the film as much as usual. It is also easy to deceive and in fact, for a while, does a lot of harm to people instead of helping them! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins with a conversation between Ichi and an old lady trying to take advantage of her blindness. Oddly enough, in this scene, Ichi says he's been blind since his early childhood, although in a previous film, he claims that his blindness set in when he was 8 years old. It's a minor mistake, and only a fan as crazy as I would have noticed. This film runs over a period of at least six months and should have taken a year - so you can see what I said about the strange workout. Most of the movies in the series take place over a few days or weeks. Ichi arrives in a city where there is a leader (Asagoro) who strives to be kind to Ichi because he knows the reputation of the blind. The boss is quite charming and, surprisingly, Ichi is totally supported by the villain. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui), a kind of poor guru. Shushui warns the people to give up all violence and even Ichi falls under his teaching - giving up his blade for several months. The teachings of Shushui are very similar to the Taoist teachings of China: non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for better or for worse). <br /> <br /> A few months after leaving this city and thinking that everything was fine, Ichi learns that from his departure, Asagoro showed his true colors - enslave women, oppress the poor and be a complete idiot. In a way, Ichi is responsible because he helped Asagoro and considered him a friend. Now, Asagoro has captured Shushui and several innocent people have committed suicide as a result of the evil boss's actions. <br /> <br /> When Ichi comes back, he does not automatically accept the fact that Asagoro is good or bad, but tests him intelligently. This piece with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to a finale where, what else, Ichi kills the bad guys and frees Shushui. This final was very good and occurred in the rain. The final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is excellent, although the decapitation is a little derisory by the standards of the current effects. <br /> <br /> The advantages of the film are that, although poorly paced, it is different and can not be confused with the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). In addition, it ends very well. The drawbacks (aside from the rhythm) are that some might not like to see Ichi so fallible and the scenes with Ichi and the other blind ones that are included for the comic relief fall flat ... very very very very very flat. They are tacky and not funny ... it's the kind of apartment that it is.
