Gundam Wing is an amazing show from start to finish, every episode is a pleasure to watch. The story is typical of Gundam cuisine: in the future, Earth's populations grow to the point of creating spatial colonies in order to expand. However, the story unfolds in a reality totally different from that of any other Gundam show. This is the year after colony 195 and the corrupted Earth government, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, violently seizes free colonies. To fight the control of the Alliance and the even greater threat to come (a hidden evil militarist organization within the Alliance, known as OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and settlements) select colony members send 5 super powerful mechs to Earth. to try to save the colonies from the threat that will soon arrive. These mechs, known as Gundams, fight OZ and try to restore peace in the colonies, when it takes the first place, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing as I Previously, in my opinion, this is the most enjoyable Gundam series to watch. Much of this reason is the difference between this series and all other Gundam series, but the stories are much deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam show I have ever seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and relationships between these characters than on an epic space battle. Now, do not get me wrong, this series still contains many epic battles and still maintains the epic atmosphere of other Gundam series, but it does so by following the story to an overall cast of 6 or 7 characters. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look at it, it's really one of Gundam's most unique and enjoyable series, and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime or science -fiction. in general. The show has incredible animation and action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what makes you come back longer. The characters are so well drawn at the end of the series that you end up loving them all. This show is not to be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
