The Matador is better after reflection because when you look at it, it seems so light. The humor is always of medium size, never insignificant, but never unbearable. The story is a very simple thread. The features of the plot are often recycled items, namely the unscrupulous villain who needs a boyfriend and the good glass guy who needs security in life, team up and learn from each other and complement each other in any way in everyone's lifestyle. I also find that bullfighting parallel to the story is useless, because it is simply cruel and the symbolism is not powerful enough to support itself. However, it's really a good film, because although it sounds so thin and so unattractive at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way of connecting with the public. <br /> <br /> I think the reason he slowly but surely gives the public something to take away is that even if it's a formula that's nothing new, even most humor, the two main characters, practically the only characters, are somehow met and have come to know each other. Forget about calling them real. That's not what I mean. What I mean is that, although the hit, the outsize and seductive penguin hit, is a detached and comic character, it is firmly grasped by the writer and definitely by Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he breathes the pure air of James Bondless. The character of Greg Kinnear seems pretty much the same in his detached scripting, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes which, for a moment, because of the lightness of the film, have passed us but have only reached us a moment later. We realize then that the film is not simply Analyze this or that planes, trains and automobiles are told again. It's really saying something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is of a kind that wants to be partially a thriller with twists. But with its lightness, how can this be the center of the film, although the plot has led to it? No, the goal is what Brosnan and Kinnear derive from their unlikely relationship with each other. Strangely, The Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Every day, Brosnan faces loneliness and regrets, and although we do not understand why Kinnear was so indulgent and accepting, Brosnan continually interrupting his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan is saving Kinnear from a version more realistic of hers. feelings as a means of redemption. The very last scene of the film stays with me. I think this is where the subtle impact of the film finally begins to seep.
