Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series of the Gundam chronicle. Unlike previous entries that dealt with massive wars, this one is a little different. Instead of having an army-versus-army situation, it is led by five teenagers (because of their ability to melt more easily than normal adults) and by their machines called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. . This poses problems, since the gundams are supposed to be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits", less destructive weapons platforms piloted and "Dolls" executed on A.I. and are used as grunt infantry. <br /> <br /> The interest of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over a larger part of the Anime that arrives here. Especially since most cartoons are adapted from popular magazines, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Kits Wing Gundam Wing Apart from most cartoons, Gundam is very humanistic instead of excessive battles between mortals who look more like gods. He seems to love the fact that it is dramatic rather than melodramatic and that events seem to be happening throughout the series. gracefully. Normally, in the anime, few series think that the best way to lead a "small" battle is to let it last for half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam overcomes this problem by ensuring that everyone knows that characters will die, that machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, that battles will be lost and won, and that it never seems to make things satirical. <br /> <br /> But The magic of Gundam Wing lies in the details, and what this series has more, would be more grateful. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or excessive martial arts, Gundam Wing is an uncompromising science fiction of a country that hates uncompromising science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to declare that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not plausible science fiction in real life because of the religious content that is at the heart of his series) They love Star Wars, but hate AI (the movie ). Henceforth, why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for the Japanese and American versions at the same time with two voice teams. The American public is waiting only two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to watch dubbed or subtitled versions or even SeeD episodes released on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two warring camps are technically behind. The heroes are those who defend the rights of the richest and most aristocratic citizens of the Earth vis-à-vis the band of terrorists determined to defeat at all costs who make up the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war, it is a "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a target of attack, on Earth as elsewhere. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason he did not get the score of ten, is that about three-four of the way through, he's just sort of dead death for a few episodes, and no one really seems to change. A bit like going back in the present time, which is good because of what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time, it slows down what should be the mix between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the film overplayed on Cartoon Network (back in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: the film Endless Waltz largely offsets the shortfall.
