A team of archaeologists discovers a real treasure ?? the crown of the queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown must be transferred by steamer to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy trip. There are many potential thieves who would like to get their hands on the precious jewels in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto is there to keep the crown on his journey. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's game, I entered Mr. Moto takes a vacation in the hope of the best, but certainly, fearing the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I would find it more enjoyable. I am a sucker for a mystery of the 1930s that presents everything related to archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto disguised as German archaeologist (Imagine that Peter Lorre plays a German?), The scenes of the beginning really attracted me. Although the movie has quickly rocked in the San Francisco, less exotic, it is equally enjoyable. Dark sinister characters hidden in the rainy night; shots were fired by open windows that barely miss the hero's head; sophisticated and infallible alarm systems that imply that someone is testing them; and criminals deemed dead? It's the kind of thing that's found in many of the great mysteries of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation, he has them all. Some other bonuses for me include the always nice Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, G. Huntley's comical relief is actually funny and a fit back for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the first scenes of the film, and the athletic bike is near the final of the film. Moto is like a swirling dervish of activity as it pursues its prey. All this and I did not even mention the wonderful performance of Lorre. Whatever you think, Mr. Moto takes a vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that the M. Moto series had to end after this episode, it is understandable that you think about it. The second world war was around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a film with a Japanese hero would not have been very well presented. At least the Moto series ended on a very positive note.
