Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit-man. Or a "facilitator of fatalities", as he prefers to be called. He is also a drunk man, a womanizer and in mid-crisis. On a job in Mexico, he meets Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unconvinced businessman who thinks he has just landed a recent field, but is not sure. They meet at the hotel bar late at night, after taking a little too much margaritas. <br /> <br /> Looks like we need to put together a comic thriller with numbers, right? ? But it's not. Instead, The Matador is a fun and sometimes touching character study. This avoids all the benefits suggested by the summary above, sometimes even by organizing them simply to shoot them down happily. It is a film that respects the characters enough to let them get along, without feeling the need to push them into useless plot intrigues. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's hit-man will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but it's unfair for both performances. The link is a half-formed idea, a product of all that has preceded; while Julian is a fully trained character with his own motives and flaws. He has been in his dark and shabby world for so long that he has forgotten how to talk to another human being. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny at the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal guy with normal work and normal problems. He envies Danny; the killer is tired of his life, sees himself closer and closer to his inevitable "exhaustion", as he says. But when Danny talks about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, "fled all emotion". Kinnear stands out from Brosnan's performance and gives Danny White his effortless charm. He is the perfect jewel for Julian. while the latter is drunk with bravado and hedonism, Danny is down-to-earth, with just a hint of eccentricity. But he also goes further than his usual character, showing us how much the man of all will face the financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. This is particularly visible in the three key scenes of the film: the hotel bar; a bullfight during which Julian tells Danny what he earns in life and guides him through a dress rehearsal; and a scene in which Julian shows up at Danny's house six months later. This scene also presents us correctly to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example illustrating how the Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in front of the presence of a hitman in his house, simply asks, with a calm imposed, "Did you bring your gun? " The script is not as good as it might have been after perhaps another rewrite. One or two lines seem a little forced and some jokes require a little more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just spoke, the writing is superb. The film has no need to put the characters in strange situations (other than to meet a hit-man, and said hit-man comes to your door). This simply allows them to speak, gently pushing them toward the necessary plot points. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only when it is reflected on the characters. A notable case is the case where Julian will miss a job in Budapest because he always sees himself in his field of vision. The rest of the film deals with the characters, the way they interact, the way they touch each other. And, finally, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really thinks so.
