It is very difficult to evaluate this film. As an entertainment value for 21st century viewers, it fails miserably. However, for the student of sound films and history, it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a filmed magazine to compete with the success of MGM's "Hollywood Review of 1929", which is still intact with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The goal of the all-star review was to present The Silent Stars of a particular studio in its roles and show that they can make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten and employs many artists and stars they did not even have long-term contracts, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a group. Meanwhile, their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is obviously missing. Even with a high salary, he could not be forced to participate. Almost all the acts are too long and the film plays like a dozen Vitaphone short films linked without continuity. The final is too long, but she is really nice with all her dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film are two numbers of Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", some numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare, and the Chinese Fantasy "Li Po Li "with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last issue is the only part of the film that remains in Technicolor, and it is really very attractive. Quite reasonably, the actors in these good movies were longtime stars of Warner Bros. The director might know how to take advantage of their assets since he knew them well. <br /> <br /> This film is a snapshot of a strange moment in the history of cinema - the year 1929, which was the year of transition between two eras - the silent and sonorous eras, and the roaring twenties and the Great Depression. Just two years later, this same film would have had a completely different distribution, since Warner Bros. would abandon its silent era stars and the stars they hired only to produce the first musicals in favor of those stars who gave Warner Bros. and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
