The Matador is a strange film. His main character, Julian, played with an unusual mix of Brosnan charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian is a handyman who is experiencing a crisis at the end of life. Having spent 22 years in the profession of cold-blooded murder, he is now feeling stressed and hopelessly alone. And so, after a chance meeting in a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he locks himself and begins a hesitant and clumsy friendship. Danny, the nice guy par excellence, has problems in his life and, to tell the truth, could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny stays tuned in to Julian's story, even after learning the "unsavory" truth about his work. <br /> <br /> Matador tackles a not entirely new topic in cinema, the film assassin hero (we think of movies like Assassins and Grosse Pointe Blank). But Matador differs in many ways. First of all, murder and gore is implicit but never really shown in detail, which means that if you're an action movie buff in search of adrenaline rush, this movie will probably disappoint you . Second, unlike most anti-hero movies, Matador does not attempt to show the remorse and redemption of his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as a kind of "that's what it is". This is unusual, as 99.99% of us would consider killing for money horrible. And yet, this unorthodox approach may be what gives the film a sense of authenticity. Although we did not like to admit it, almost anything could become commonplace after doing it long enough, maybe even a murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays to have people killed? Who knows. The film never deals with these issues. The focus is on Julian and his chaotic stumble in true friendship. If you talk about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you might think that people like him should be wiped out of society like cancer, but forced to look at his life, you will be attracted by his intense humanity. I guess I sympathize with the devil. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's opinion of Julian is well done and deeply troubling. It does not separate completely from its beautiful appearance and its discreet James Bond charm, but simply adds disturbing disturbances to the mix. Strange or crude remarks in the midst of polite conversations and sudden passages of charm suave childish tantrums and sad and desperate demands for acceptance. This prevents you from guessing what your mental health is and how it will affect those around you. It's a bit like listening to a pianist playing occasionally and unexpectedly, but it works. The only other major role in the movie, Danny's, is not as fleshy. Kinnear embodies a regular Joe with a life and normal problems. <br /> <br /> The film does not really have any shock or twists with M Night Shyamalan, but I could not. guess the end and it was satisfying. He has no deep philosophical or spiritual idea, yet he feels very human. And he did not have a heart that beat the hunt in the car or the pistol fights, and yet I thought the pace was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is the human need to reach out and bond with each other, and how these needs have no moral condition. Even a murderer needs friends and even good people can be friends of bad people. It's a commentary on the strange and random world in which we live. A good film; worth to be seen.
