Sherman, created the machine to turn the corner for ... 1986. The United States had just come out of its worst post-war recession, while Japan was experiencing unprecedented industrial growth. Manufacturing was still an important part of the American economy and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "downsizing" was not yet in the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard singing on the radio. "Foreman says these jobs are disappearing, boy, and they will not be coming back to your hometown." Chrysler had just been saved by Uncle Sam. You could see stickers saying "Buy American - the job you save can be yours". <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" better captures the mood of the American industrial workforce than any other popular film made during this period. Admittedly, the film has its flaws - loose plot threads and mediocre roles by everyone except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story really concerns the meeting of East and West: Hunt Stevenson Keaton personifies America, impetuous and confident outside but insecure below. Kazuhiro de Watanabe embodies Japan, with a powerful system, but wondering if there is not much to learn from its Western rivals. The plot of the film, imperfect as it is, simply provides a framework for the conflict and, eventually, the synthesis of their two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's action eclipses that of everyone else and practically makes the film itself. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to produce lines that seem improvised, no matter what scenario he follows. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a kind and affable man, a natural leader with a wise tendency. But he has a fatal defect common to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. It will distract the crowd with inspiring anecdotes and even lie rather than underline the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: timid and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing. , unwilling to bring bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with employee grievances perfectly reflects the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you are saying", but will not refuse his requests out loud. Stevenson interprets this as an agreement and goes away saying, "Okay, it's settled." (This is still a problem in US-Japan business relations in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: getting the plant running smoothly, achieving production goals and assume their responsibility to the workers beneath them. To achieve this goal, they must each take a page from the book of others. Kazuhiro's increasingly "Americanized" family is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson finds it odd that Kazuhiro explains how he had to publicly apologize to his workers for letting them down - and yet, later in the film, Stevenson does it himself. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution is a little corn ball, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can ignore the flaws of the film, you will find here a beautiful story about self-realization and openness.
