Many overlook the fact that it's not just a classic because it's the first 3D game, or even the first shoot-'em-up. It's also one of the first stealth games, one of the only truly claustrophobic games (and certainly the first) and a rather complete gaming experience in general. With terribly dated graphics today, the game plunges you into the role of B.J. (do not even think * I'll try to spell his last name!), An American P.O.W. caught in an underground bunker. You fight and make your way through the tunnels to reach different goals for the six episodes (but, let's face it, most are just an excuse to hand you a weapon, surround you with Nazis and send you to the Nazi leaders). As I already mentioned, the graphics are pretty dated and very simple. The least detailed of all 3D games published by a team of professional designers. If you can get by, though (and some would suggest that this simplicity only adds to the effect of the game on you), then you have a pretty good shooter / infiltration game. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammo, to hit the enemies (above mentioned Nazis and an "enemy leader" by chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, grows as you advance through the game) , to unlock the doors and to search for secret rooms. There are a number of bonuses after each level is beaten ... it depends on your speed (basically, if you beat the "time at a time", that's the time it took a tester to pass at the same level, this can be It's pretty fun to try to beat, and with the difficulty with which the levels are making their way, they are even difficult after many games), how much gold nazi (treasure) you have collected and how many bad guys you have killed. Basically, if you got 100% of the above, you get a bonus that helps you reach the most coveted rankings. The game (mainly, but not always) allows two very different methods of playing: stealthily or shooting down everything you see. You can either run or walk, and among your weapons is also a knife ... you immediately hear running as soon as you enter the same room as the guardian, just like shots. Many guards are standing with their backs turned to you, which means you can join them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more information about weapons later. The keys open some doors. Most gates in the game are not locked ... only two types need keys, and these keys are only introduced in later levels (you raise levels, reset arming, health, scores and lives in each chapter). Much of the latest game is devoted to their research. Now, as I just said, this game, like many of the period (late 80s, early 90s), is based on collecting extra lives ... personally, I think it's completely and absolutely useless (it was happily abandoned late ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter, since you can save at any time and that 'use a life' resets weapons, health and ammo as if you were starting a new pain chapter in later levels, where you * need * heavier artillery). Now, I'm not going around the pole anymore ... go to arms! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is silent but effective only up close) and a pistol ... nothing special, but good for keeping ammo, unlike the other two bad boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a submachine gun. It's faster and automatic, and some later enemies use it. And the last ... is nothing less than a Gatling gun! Oh yes! Think T2. Think Predator. Think of unloading such a quantity of lead into the Nazi demons. It's as fun as it sounds. Most enemy bosses use it, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these enemy bosses, however ... it's up to each player to discover himself. The sound is excellent ... very clear and realistic. When you hear the tears of a machine gun, the deafening sound of a door that closes behind you or a surprised screaming Nazi or warning in German, you really feel like here, trapped in these dark bunker systems and depressing. . It takes me nicely into the design of the level ... as you cross seemingly countless, almost identical corridors leading to the next elevator that takes you farther, you're gripped by the claustrophobic atmosphere. I have almost had motion sickness more than once (although it may also have something to do with little sleep, a lot of humidity and unusual heat ...) while playing. Although the level of detail is not terribly high, what is great. Remains of victims, quarters of the guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list is long. The game also offers some gore ... for its limited graphics engine, John Romero and his team have certainly put all the blood and guts they could for the game. What is there to say ... the first of its kind, and it is no wonder that this has spawned countless other 3D shooters. Of course, the gunfire and the different levels of height (stairs and others) only appeared at the next entry in the genre ... Doom ... and it's Duke Nukem 3D that introduced the feature allowing to change view (so it goes beyond just left and right, adding vertical dimensions), and the jump did not come until a third title, later (the first Quake, maybe "The other players, help me here) ... but all these games, as well as the rest of the genre, owe their existence to this one. Then load the Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and enter the skin of B.J. ... it deserves recognition, even (or maybe even?) Nearly fifteen years after his first appearance. I recommended it to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
