Eric Stoltz delivers an extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist who finds himself paralyzed and finds himself in a special hospital for recently disabled people after breaking his neck during a hiking accident. While learning to cope and adjust to the severity of his new, limited physical condition, Joel befriends a charming, charming womanizer, Raymond (an incredible Wesley Snipes) and a racist biker, Bloss (a terrible William Forsythe), who feels threatened. Due to the diversity of multiethnic groups of patients, he is obliged to share a room. Joel also receives substantial support from his faithful and loving and married girlfriend Anna (played radiantly by Helen Hunt). But he still has to accept being handicapped alone. <br /> <br /> The key triumph of this remarkable film is its laudable refusal of obstinacy not to clean up or to sentimentalize the severity of what these men are experiencing. Filmmakers Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and insightful script) and Micheal Steinberg tell the story with exceptional taste, spirit and warmth, approaching with frankness the franchise and the reality of events, how to be disabled irreversibly modifies her sex life (this point is most powerfully expressed in a striking sequence when Joel and Anna try and fail to make love in a motel room). In addition to the poignant character expected, the film also provides a surprising surplus of raw humor and terribly funny, highlighted by the tumultuous sequence with Joel and Bloss making a secret night expedition to a strip club. The superb acting is considered a significant additional asset: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all exceptional. Grace Zabriskie is a loving and charming mother of Bloss, Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young, compassionate hospital nurses. Despite the gravity of the subject, the film finally turns out to be a very moving, positive and edifying cinematographic evidence of the astonishing strength and sustainability of the human spirit. A little gem simply dramatic.
