This film never received the attention it deserved, although it was one of the most beautiful ensemble plays and one of the most realistic stories I've ever seen on the screen. Clearly filmed on a small budget in a real V.A. The hospital is at the center of the story, Joel, very well interpreted by Eric Stoltz. Joel was paralyzed in a motorcycle accident and goes to the hospital in a unit with other men suffering from spinal injuries. Joel is in love with Anna, her married lover, played by Helen Hunt, who shows the first signs of her latest work, winner of an Academy Award. <br /> <br /> Although the Joel-Anna relationship is central, there are many other well-developed characters in the parish. Wesley Snipes does a great job as angry Raymond. William Forsythe is even more impressive as a bitter and racist Bloss. I think the two best scenes of Forsythe are when he is frustrated and angry at the square dancers, and later when he feels empathy for a young Korean man who was shot in an alcohol store . My favorite scene with Snipes is the discussion at the roundtable on sexual options after an injury. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between Stoltz and Hunt is very strong and they have two very intimate sexual scenes, but not free. The orgasm in the room is both sexy and fun. There is also another memorable scene where Joel and Bloss and the Korean boy bring the specially equipped van to the bar. It's really a comedy of mistakes as they faintly try to get the truck to go see the "naked women". <br /> <br /> The story is made even more poignant by the fact that the director, Neal Jimenez, is paralyzed in real life. This is basically his story. This film is real, not brilliant or flashy. Having the amount of talent in a movie with such a small budget is incredible. I recommend this film to all the people I see, because it's one of those films that even improves the second look. It is unfortunate that such a remarkable work is neglected, but thanks to the video, it can perhaps attract the attention it deserves so amply.
