At first glance, this film looks like Keifer Sutherland's 24-series for the big screen. Focusing on a plot to assassinate the President of the United States, a race against time and many secret service agents, the agency in the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns to be the character of Michael Douglas, Pete Garrison, instead, a veteran secret service agent deemed to have taken the ball for Reagan in 1981. The SS agents are specially trained to "take the ball", making them special - who has the right mind will put himself in the line of a ball and a target? But Garrison is involved in the assassination plot and must save his life while continuing his search. All because of his failure in a polygraph test, because of his adulterous strike of the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are nuances of Clint Eastwood's In the Line of Fire. Both featured aging actors and aging veterans with historical references, who took the ball in their respective missions. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffers from the absence of a very central villain, preferring to share the responsibility for the assassination between many KGB villains and the mole in detail presidential. While Douglas fleeing the law, he looks like Dr. Richard Kimble of the Fugitive, stalking the proverbial penguin while relying on his ability to thwart his colleagues, which is very interesting. to watch - despite the complexity of the processes, it always depends on the performance and credulity of each agent. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, stars of today's television at 24 and Desperate Housewives, are relegated to the background as secret service investigators investigating Garrison's likely involvement in the assassination plot and sometimes seem to have missed the pages of CSI with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had a chemistry that could look like Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X-Files, but alas, those two did not have much to do here. We know the reason they are in the movie, it's to bring their fans to the theaters. What's more, Longoria's role seemed unable to shake her sexy Gabrielle Gabrielle, and now she's wearing a low blouse (Sutherland tells her to cover herself) and skinny pants (ogle-fest for her colleagues). <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, there is still a rather interesting look at the life of probably the most loaded and tense protection details in the world, as well as the typical threats they face daily, including monitoring. the threat of every puzzle on the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent suspense and an investigative thriller, with enough subplots to keep you entertained. But one thing though, like most of the final action sequences, this one has a pretty big flaw for you to fly a jumbo jet.
