The curriculum vitae of Charles McDougall includes episodes on "Sex and the City", "Desperate Housewives", "Queer as Folk", "Big Love", "The Office", etc. He therefore has all the information needed to make the film version of Meg Wolitzer's novel SURRENDER, DOROTHY is a success. And most of the time, he manages to keep this potentially dark story about the sudden death of a loved one and the way people in his life react afloat. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos), a beautiful unmarried woman, accompanies her best friends - homosexual playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Shawn (Chris Pine), Adam's current partner, and the married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their young son - in a Hamptons house for a summer vacation. The group seems happy until a trip to the local creamery by Adam and Sara culminates in a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), has an active social life, but constantly calls her daughter here with the mutual greeting 'Surrender, Dorothy', plays it elsewhere: when she receives the phone call saying that Sara is dead, she immediately comes to the Hamptons where her dominant personality and her grief create friction between Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovers secrets about each of them, and talks about Sara as if it brought her life. Natalie's thirst for truth at all costs brings about profound changes within the group and it is only thanks to the attachment to the love of the deceased Sara that they all join. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles. it walks the thread between drama and comedy and its presence keeps the story together. The scenario has its moments of good lines, but it also has a lot of filling material that becomes a bit heavy and morose, which makes the actors uncomfortable vis-à-vis the lines they are given. Yes, this story has often been told - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose revelations have violated privacy - but the film follows the pace of casting and has enough entertainment to make it worthy of 'interest. Grady Harp
