The author of "Nekromantik", Jörg Buttgereit's second feature film, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain of letters from a group called "The Brotherhood of the 7th day", the film presents 7 episodes, each of a day during a week, during which suicide is approached using different characters and situations. it's turns. Do not touch this one if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy merry or even "normal" movies or expect a movie to be good only if it focuses on the game. actor. <br /> <br /> The nihilist, The avant-garde approach of Der Todesking explains why Buttgereit's films were banned in Germany, their home country, in the 80s and most of the 90s. Der Todesking is not really focused on characters appearing on the screen, but is insignificant apathy or depression in most people's lives. Buttgereit finds no reason to continue living, only reasons to quit, and by choosing how and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit's films are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. Presenting the same team and almost the same cast as all his other films, "art film" would probably be the closest description each time. Der Todesking offers an original way to photograph, create the mood and manipulate the central object in almost every scene. During a scene, the camera panes 360 degrees continuously on a pan, while a person lives in a small room in one room for a day. In another, Buttgereit uses sound and cinematic corruption to portray the collapsed mental state of a man while he remains desperate. During a third, seemingly pleasant names of scenes, ages and professions of people who committed suicide are displayed on the screen, supposed to justify the ban in Germany of this particular film. <br /> <br /> Episodes movies (and especially this scenes are only vaguely related to each other) usually suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is no exception. Although all episodes have the same purpose of inflicted death and its consequences or subsequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, but an episode or two could even appear to be a filling material, partly draining the power. The stunning, yet extremely powerful, intermittent footage of a rotting body manages to keep the film together and clean up the vaguer moments that have allowed it to return to the status of grandeur. The overall atmosphere is disconcerting, impressive, very depressing and sometimes disgusting - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the film during a theater screening at a film festival in which I participated. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and that I highly recommend to anyone looking for a special experience that they will certainly remember in the years to come. Not recommended for fans of hearts or fans, it is a little different film that arouses emotions in the public. Whether it's confusion, astonishment or even hate, you're not going to be left cold by this, in my opinion the best achievement of this small independent group. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" is released in a vinyl edition limited to 666 pieces of 8 ", which is now much sought after.You can still get the classic masterpiece by getting the CD of the soundtrack "The Nekromantik." The music of the Lo-Fi synthesizer in the film is dark and offbeat, almost unreflected, is an integral part of the film's atmosphere and is something something you will hear very, very rarely otherwise.
