"It's like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like a spontaneous, juvenile flirtation of fascination and fear, like a climax of opposite emotions," said one of the moviegoers after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, the version wrongly interpreted of the film of the elegant director Michel Deville MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in The New York Times, however, just after the film premiere in 1974, said: "LOVE AT THE TOP, which opened yesterday at 68th Street Playhouse, is a comedy French drama of 1973 which weakly recalls a number of English comedies of the 1950s on the rise and rise of cynical young men possessing "and possessed by" ambition. "However, the significant difference he mentioned is the fact that LOVE IN THE TOP is not concerned by the English class system ... (27 January 1975) <br /> <br /> After leaving the evaluations to isolated people, of course, the test of time has made its mark just work. What we can say with certainty after more than 30 years, is that we can hardly find films like THE SHEEP ENRAGE where the decadence appears innocent, where the bonds appear juvenile enthusiastic, where the feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romy Schneider, it seems pointless to point out that this film is a must, not only because it gives a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) to her career climax (9 years before her sudden death) but because she is particularly attractive here. It is not INFERNAL TRIO where the "forced escape" and the mockery of the sweet image of Romy haunted for years by the saccharine Sissi responds to its most discouraging manifestation, but a film in which the brilliant actress is awarded a right role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of the thirst for the film, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who derives the financial benefits of lustful bonds. This film boasts one of Romy's unique and memorable shots and some of her best scenes. The sex appeal of Romy is here unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the film is the execution of the content with a development of the individual perception. As immoral as it may seem, the director uses the contrast perfectly: conventions vs pleasures, innocence vs decadence, genuine desire vs instrumental affair. Nicola has most of the features that viewers can like or dislike, can find attractive or disgusting; Yet, these are the characteristics that viewers have to deal with seriously, more precisely, those are the ones we all have to accept. This is why we are led into a particular, slightly wild and erotically unique world of the main character. Although he sleeps with many women, two women represent a sort of opposite world for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love to them, can not help at the same time to desire their body and to aspire money; yet he perceives them differently. Yet despite all this "adult maturity," he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a car on the table - a sort of "detailed insight of the male mind ..." in the manner of a comedy, Well sure. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is very good performance, which makes the MOUTON ENRAGE slightly underestimated. Not only does Romy Schneider, whose name appears above, do a brilliant job that provides the viewer with an extraordinary insight into her role, but the young Jane Birkin seems convincing in the role of the inexperienced young prostitute Marie Paul. Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola in the right way. This artistic merit lies in the great music of Camille Saint-Saëns, a melody that will resonate long in your ears. Therefore, apart from some defects in the film such as obsolete colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (noticed by some viewers), the merits should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> THE SWEET MOUTON, in short, is a clear manifestation of the tools of contrary manipulation in life. It's worth to be seen as a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to a powerful eroticism, a chain of contrary emotions, love and hatred, appreciation and disgust from the first orgasm and at first angasme ... But are not we, humans, spectators, moviegoers built on such contrasts?
