I can not say too much about Kalifornia, unfortunately, I have not seen everything yet (I only managed to see him in pieces on Fuse.) But what I saw is absolutely great! I am a fan of Brad Pitt but I admit that all his previous films are not good. But this role, I just said that his game is awesome, that his Early character seems so normal, good, good, sinister, dark and weird, but you know, normal for a hill of this type, I suppose. And Juliette Lewis's performance, although I can see how some may be bored, is incredible. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but after reading other reviews on this site, it sounds good, but disappointing. I must admit that I wish David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling is incorrect) is a little flat, but for him, it's okay. The character of his wife was better, and I thought his performance was not the best of the film, a portrait of the avant-garde sister type. Especially the scene where Early and Brian go to play billiards, and Adele and Carrie meet face-to-face. I have watched this scene at least twice now and I still think playing in this scene is just beautiful. One because of the emotion that Adele expresses after talking about the rape of these three men and what she thinks of the reaction of Early and the reaction of Carrie. I think everything is perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can understand a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we really have a chance to see for once; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pitt that I saw were just average or not worth watching. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible film by Pitt, or if I have it, it's not because of his acting, but many other factors. This film was not part of it. He made a good performance in Kalifornia. I swear I'm not just a coincidence, I like him for his acting, not just because he's handsome, I mean his character in this movie is not really pretty or cute, far from there! Pitt is dark, dark and sometimes scary. Yet he is also cheerful, funny, kind and even affectionate towards Adele. Certainly, there are places that made me want to go on television and strangle it, but it's probably just me (and the character that Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how good Pitt's game was in this movie, it made me forget that he was playing a character, that's what a good acting game is supposed to do. <br /> <br /> In any case, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I saw most of the film through this that I caught in Fuse and as such. I'm writing this, I'm recording it on DVR so I hope I can write a fuller review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was something really cool and something that seems to have been overlooked (it should not have!)
