I had already seen 'Kalifornia' (it must have been around 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he still has not lost his power even though I'm used to a lot more film than I was. ten years ago. <Br /> <br/> 'Kalifornia' tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer, who want to move to California. But instead of walking in a plain and flying to the state where they say it never rains, they choose to take a car trip. He wants to write a book about America's most famous serial killers and she will make the corresponding images. But as their car consumes a lot of gas, they decide to take another couple with them so they can spread the costs of the trip. Only one couple responded to the announcement, so these are the lucky ones. But they have not met yet and when they see the other couple for the first time, while their journey has already begun, Carrie is in shock. Without wishing to be prejudiced, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor white baskets. She certainly does not want them in her car, but Brian does not really mind taking them with them and decides to stop them anyway. At first, the couple does not seem so bad at the end, but Early Grayce gradually turns into a ruthless assassin ... <br /> <br /> The story is not only impressive, the acting our four tracks. Brad Pitt is amazing like Early Grayce. His performance in this film could be his best. Same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the role of the naive and childish girlfriend who does not want to hear from her early and who does it really well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a great job and I really wonder why we've never heard of Forbes since this movie, because it really proves to be very talented. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it does not please everyone (even though I do not really see how to credibly present a serial killer). Personally, I really liked this film and the violence never bothered me (it's part of the story that is too important to be left out). I reward this movie with an 8/10.
