In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that has not been popular with critics because of its excessive violence, but which I also liked, Kalifornia is a film that clearly highlights violence, but I like to think that it is reversing the situation in the world. final act. A bit like The Basketball Diaries glorified drugs at first, but showed the bad side at the end of the movie, which is far worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with a girlfriend even more artistically, adept in this sexy black and white and violent photography generally reserved for places where nudity comes before art. Maybe it really does, and I just do not understand it. Anyway, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fits perfectly to the role) are the ideal couple to make a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, the writer, will write the book. Carrie can take the pictures. <br /> <br /> Being artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not quite financially prepared for such a trip. So they put an ad to someone. share gas and travel expenses and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early is on parole and assigned to clean up at the local university by his parole officer. He sees the ad on a bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a while, thus violating his parole, but also the scene of the murder of his owner. will not have to deal with a pesky murder investigation. You know that two birds make a stone. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, artistic yuppies and greasy waste, without resorting to clichés or even caricatures. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie is interested in Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early's outlaw status, as seen in the scene where Brian fires his gun . Having never shot with a firearm before, he is as fascinated as a small child. While Adele and Carrie are back in a hotel and Adele reveals things as childish as the fact that Eurly has "broken" her smoking and she is not allowed to drink (Early does not think that women should do it), Early and Brian are at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to an intoxicated person who tries to fight with him. Early gives Brian first advice on what to do, then steps in and gives a quick lesson for the guy. "Hit him, Bri, it's coming." It's one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny what Early kindly says, while the guy's friends drag him away, bleeding and beaten, but also because he's chained with the girls at the hotel, we learn a lot at the same time about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts likely to arise because of them. And next to that, because Brian benefited from Early's actions and Carrie's dismayed by what she heard from Adele, it also illustrates the different way Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly, now you can say that this is not your typical thriller of bizarre couples, where city dwellers mingle with peasants and create all kinds of stereotypical chaos. On the one hand, it seems a little too convenient for Brian and Carrie to go to the scene of the murder and find themselves with a murderer, but it's a great way to thwart the glorification of the murder inherent in a journey through the country designed to bring glory to murderers and their crimes. While studying the actions of murderers of the past, Brian and Carrie finally find themselves facing the documents they study and realize that murder is not as attractive or as fascinating as you do through disconnected studies. murders. past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed by the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Take, for example, his roles in such films as Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in the sense that he can radically change his appearance or just enough to fit a character given. . Incidentally, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not get my hair done properly. I even had the right hat, which initially seemed to me the most difficult part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people do not like Kalifornia or why they think he glorifies violence and murder, but I think what glorifies him is done for the purpose of clarify the public's understanding of its subject. A film that did not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as Kalifornia, but the film perfectly structures it. Brian and Carrie's fascination with the idea of ​​murder and the aura of the places in which it occurs is at the heart of glorification, but their realization, and ours, is embodied in reality, which they meet with Early and Adele. The very purpose of the film is to describe this difference between idealizing violence and seeing the horror of it closely and in a real way.
