Although I am grateful that this obscure jewel of the 1970s Italian cinema is in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box, and that it is also available on record under the dubious and misguided alternative title "Escape from Death Row" ", I honestly think so. deserves a decent and luxurious DVD edition, entirely in its originally spoken languages ​​with subtitle options (the dubbing is really horrible), a restored picture quality and many bonuses! Heck, I do not even need the restored picture quality and bonuses if only we could watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a fast-paced, very violent crime / mafia film, with a lot of violence, a comedy (which, it is true, does not always work), a feminine beauty and two main characters full of 'mind. Tony Lo Bianco is great as a little thug pretending to be the biggest gift of the city. When the real crime leader Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in town, he sees an opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but they eventually form an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal brain even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and they head together to Marseille to extract Frankie's revenge. The scenario of this unfortunate crime gem drastically alters the action and suspense with light-headed comedy pieces, such as the grotesque car chase across the narrow French mountain roads, for example. The typical Mafia execution sequences (guided by an excellent score of Rice Ortolani) are extremely tense and the assassinations are sadistic and merciless, which probably explains why the film is considered a classic. The film lacks an important female role, as the beautiful and incredibly voluptuous beauty Edwige Fenech unfortunately appears in a few scenes and then in the background. One of the men behind the camera, responsible for the superb cinematography, was none other than Joe D'Amato. Excellent film, highly recommended to fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see you soon in its original version.
