I had never heard of Leos Carax until his recent Shit segment in Tokyo, and he was unquestionably the star of the film's three stories. It was not my favorite among the shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" is the first of his feature films I've seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses the image and music to communicate a young exuberant love that is overflowing with poetry. Although he is classified in the neo-new vogue category, his films owe as much to the silent cinema as to the experimental narratives of the sixties. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin, than to Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl (1984), Carax debuts in black and white and relies heavily on visual representation to display emotional states. He combines the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but relies on a reality that never seems stable enough like that of Cocteau, but thanks to his expressions, he becomes more accessible, emotional and engaging like Vigo's films. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple and looks like the following two films from Carax, which make up this trilogy "Young lovers". A boy named Alex, played by Denis Lavant (who plays the character of Alex in the next two films of Carax), has just been dropped by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on a sidewalk but stops before the murder. He walks around reminding him of the noise his neighbors have been kissing and the daydream of his girlfriend and best friend who becomes intimate. He steals discs and leaves them at his friend's apartment, but avoids contacting them directly. He walks around and goes to a party where he meets a young suicidal woman, and the film becomes a "Breathless" part and a "Limelight" part. <br /> <br /> Later, he is advised by an old man the sign language to "speak for yourself ... the young people of today, it's as if they had forgotten how speak." The old man tells an anecdote about work in the silent film era and how a shy actor out of the stage has become a confident "lion" in front of the camera. Here's where the movie goes, but the obvious reference to the silent film is a crucial one, as it overlaps the style of the film (dumb and expressionist) and the content (a lovable young man trying to give the courage to say and do the things that he really wants). Although Alex is thoughtful at first and a torrent of romantic words invades him at the end, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion thanks to the film enlargement of his inner feelings that it is difficult to understand. 'moment to moment. , apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie where Alex leaves the party in a room where the guests hid their children and their babies, all crying in a chorus fills this room, until that he lights a cassette of a show for children making them shut up. Unexpectedly because of a problem, the television ends up playing a secret camera in the bathroom that reveals the hostess sobbing in her wig about a missing person. Even though Carax thinks of himself and deprives himself of the kind of anguish narrative he tries to tell (the room filled with children who moan), he is mature enough to understand the initial irony that characterizes it. cross of film. Even the rich old lady, the ball bell has a missing brother. In another scene, a former astronaut looks at the moon that he crossed one day in his youth sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although responsible to the movies before the talks, Carax is a master of music, knowing when in "Holiday in Cambodia" of Dead Kennedy or in a song of David Bowie at the beginning, the sounds of a man playing the piano or a girl who hums softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone's broken heart shows blood flowing from their shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk, they turn 360 degrees as if they were attached to a carousel, when Alex enters an evening and does not feel at his place, it's because the most interesting people in the world are really in presence; like the famous author who can not speak because of a bullet lodged in his brain, or the failed universe of 1950 standing right in front of the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylized styles and unusual stories of fantasy, all have a parallel with different visual cues, musical and emotional in these films Carax. <br /> Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and editing of this movie resonated with me on an emotional level, some words I was missing to articulate. There are many stories of a boy meeting a girl, but rather than exploring the mundane details of a particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment. Other movies you want to watch can wait. See this first. If I had to make movies, I would like them to be like that. In fact, I would like all movies to be like that, where ephemeral becomes bigger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
