WWE Armageddon, December 17, 2006 - Live from Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, VA <br /> <br /> Kane vs. MVP in an Inferno match: So this is the fourth inferno match of the WWE and it's Kane MVP (wonder why was this the first game on the map). I only watched the last parts where Kane ignites MVP's ass while they are on the apron then MVP runs around the arena shouting? the referees ended up extinguishing the fire with a fire extinguisher while MVP extended around the entrance ramp. Funny end and visually quite entertaining. WWE Team Championship: It was originally assumed to be William Regal and Dave Taylor against Brian Kendrick and Paul London (c) in a regular team match. However, general manager Teddy Long shows up in the ring and announces it will be a fatal match at 4 against a team. MNM and The Hardys are launched and everything is in chaos. A word to describe this revelation ?? sensational. Dude, I do not really remember the number of diseases in this match and the words can not really do it justice. There was a particularly remarkable place where the Hardys set up a ladder in rocking position and where Jeff jumped from the top rope while Matt held MNM for the murder, then WHAM! Nitro exploded while Mercury had apparently gagged him and blew like a devil with lacerations in his face. He had to be taken away and Nitro continued the match alone. Another place was when Jeff bombed London while FLIPPING was coming off the ladder. There were too many other breathtaking places to remember. London finally defeated the belts to win this thief of emotions. 8.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman vs. The Miz: The two men get thrown around the ring until Boogeyman blows an electric bomb for victory, then plunges to The Miz's mouth Miz, as usual. 5.5 / 10 for this incognito of three minutes. <br /> <br /> US Championship: Chris Benoit (c) faces Chavo Guerrero in another Guerrero match. Among the good spots, there is a chavo superplex at the top of the rope and a long chain of German suplex Benoit. Vicki Guerrero arrives in the ring with the belt to nail Benoit, but Benoit scares her and takes a lot of time to decide whether to put her in a Sharpshooter or not. This allows Chavo to do a roll-up, but Benoit does it once again and Chavo is stuck in the Sharpshooter. Game over. Nice, fierce battle although sometimes slow. WWE Cruiserweight Championship: Gregory Helms (c) against Jimmy Wang Yang for this game, in a rather moderate match. The match had some good high flying moments ?? especially Helms' leaves the upper rope ?? but the crowd does not seem to have been attracted to her after attending the ladder match, and Yang needs to take off. Helms won the match after defeating Yang with a knee injury. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> The Undertaker vs. Mr. Kennedy in a Last Match: After a series of games between these two players, this is a final game, the second of its kind and the last The winner must escort his opponent out of the arena in a hearse. Pretty good for what these two could offer. Kennedy manhandled a lot of Taker and even released a chokeslam to throw Taker out of the Armageddon set about 15 feet below; and thank God for Kennedy, otherwise it would have been brutal. Kennedy almost won until Taker got back inside the hearse (I liked the camera view inside the hearse). Taker then missed a steel cannon shot on Kennedy and broke the hearse window, but then burst it with a chair and followed by a consecutive chokeslam and Tombstone on the roof of the hearse. Kennedy was unconscious and Taker chased him out of the arena to win. In fact, I found myself really interested in the willingness of these guys to take / give real shots. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Santa arrives in the ring, I say "what the hell?" like a lot of children in the crowd, then the word "lingerie contest" comes to my ears. Break time. <br /> <br /> Batista & John Cena vs. Finlay & King Booker: Talk about charisma versus technicality. This match was actually a pretty successful main tournament with the momentum that was rationally transferred from one team to another and kept a good suspense. Even Finlay had some good, legitimate shots on his opponents this time (I somehow dubbed his strength against the champions), and he and Booker have not managed to cheat him ?? except at a moment when Booker thrust his scepter into Cena's throat. Batista hits the bomb on Booker for victory, could not see the F-U; Cena still played at 5 Knuckle Shuffle and I think he also played at STFU. It was probably the best technical match of the evening and the participants played their part very well without a ladder. 7.5 / 10. <br /> <br /> Being a WWE fan intermittently, I must admit that Armageddon was littered with many traps, and the ladder match finally swallowed half of the show. the match of the last race was quite annoying, and the main event was also very good for its category. All other matches have also kept their promises, with the possible exception of the Boogeyman match against The Miz and the still useless lingerie contest. Overall, Armageddon was a very nice pay-per-view system and, despite some significant setbacks earlier in the PPD timeline, Armageddon respectfully wishes this year's farewells. PPV index: 8/10.
