WWE has recorded some of the worst pay-per-view shows in history in recent months. The Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor and December to Dismember series were frightening, to say the least. She was relying on her B-brand show, Smackdown! to try to end the year on a positive note. Armageddon had two important matches in the Last Ride and Inferno matches, three Championships were in play and an interesting main event in the form of a team war putting Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it's an amendment to one of those league games that earned us not only the game of the night, but also a match of the year candidate when Teddy Long gave our fans a Christmas present anticipated. T-Lo changed the Champions, London and Kendrick WWE Tag Team Championship match against Regal and Taylor in a four-team Ladder Match, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on that. Too much that nothing, I can say, would be able to do it justice. You have to see it to believe it. There were many high places and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings. The movement I need to talk about, however, is the one that brought Joey Mercury directly to the ER at the mid-point of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder set in the swing position with Matt Hardy holding both members of the MNM over his opposite end to use all his strength. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not raise his hands to protect his face and took the ladder full force in the nose and left eye. It was vicious. His face was instantly a mess for everyone and unsurprisingly, it ended the night of Mercury early. We later learned that he had a broken nose and cuts under his left eye. Be warned. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this half-hearted match came after Paul London managed to grab both championship belts for the win. I've been watching the fight for almost 15 years and it's not better than this game. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened with only the 4th match of Hell. Kane faced MVP in a good game, but it was all about the visual and not the action. There was a couple of close calls with the flames for both competitors, but it was finally Kane who forced MVP to the flames after they both found themselves out of the ring. MVP ran around the ring while her buttocks were on fire and there was a sick part of me laughing at this. May I suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP will be released next week at Smackdown! to Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash. <br /> <br /> The other gimmick match of the evening and the second match of a triple major event was a match of last war between Mr Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a tough match from start to finish and was the best of the series that Undertaker and Kennedy still had. The Undertaker was screened 15 feet from the Armageddon on the poles, chairs and stage used, on what was to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was obvious that it was nothing but an anti-crash mat and that the crowd did not come for it. The end came after a chokeslam of The Dead Man to Kennedy on the hearse followed quickly by a tombstone winning the match. <br /> <br /> Another notable event on the map. Chris Benoit beat Chavo Guerrero by submission in another tough match. It was a very good fight with Benoît who defeated Chavo at the same time with 8 German suplexes. Benoit was also considering placing Vikki Guerrero in the sniper or not. Fortunately, he came back to him and let her go. This pushed Chavo to attempt the roll-up, but only to be countered in the sniper for submission. <br /> <br /> Another thorny game on the map was the Cruiserweight Championship contest between longest-standing WWE Champion, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With a lot of dangerous and high-flying spots, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a much more deserving match for the crowd than he had. JBL put it all up when he chided fans in Richmond, Virginia, for sitting on his hands during this one and even starting a boring song. Helms took over the duke after a jawbreaker maneuver with his knees at Smackdowns! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman pinned the Miz in a worthless match. I hate The Boogeyman with passion. It's also worth listening to JBL talking about Miz. JBL, the gold of comedy. <br /> <br /> The final game of the night was the number 3 main event. WWE heavyweight champion, Batista and champion John Cena teamed up to face Finlay and the champion champions, King Booker. . It was impossible for the match to win the team World Cup match but he entertained all the same. The match would have been more memorable if it had been awarded an additional five to ten minutes, but how many times have I said that about WWE matches this year already. It was King Booker who was immobilized at the end of the match after a big Batistabomb battle. <br /> <br /> The year 2006 is over for WWE in terms of its pay-per-view schedule. It started the year on a dreadful note with the New Year's Revolution, but ended on a positive note with Armageddon. This ladder match will be remembered for a long time as one of the greatest ladder games of all time. My hat goes to the eight competitors who just put their bodies on the line to give the fans a big game.
