What happens when the average citizen discovers that he has supernatural powers? The premise may seem familiar. The gardians? Unbreakable? However, the Russian sci-fi action movie, The Sword Bearer, is far from the standard stock. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who, in his childhood, was shunned by society, his peers and his family. because of a supernatural power he possesses. When he wishes or his anger allows, a sword comes out of his arm and pierces his own skin. Very Wolverinish? Maybe ... but that's not the interesting part of this movie. Driven all his life and driven by anger (and his temperament actually), our "hero" returns to his hometown to change his life or find a reason to do so. The only thing he encounters here is a problem when a meeting with the new boyfriend of an old flame leaves him bleeding on the floor. This is where revenge and anger come in. It's a man you do not want to come across and from there, the Mafia and the police are on his tail. He meets a girl and immediately falls in love, just like her, and that's really what is in the film. <br /> <br /> The film is very impressionistic with its bright colors and black shades spliced ​​with sequences of short and extreme acts. It is an art house at the base, beautifully filmed with such attention to detail in each scene during a macabre science fiction action. It's this strange mix that interests me so much in this film. The filmmakers' approach to this genre is refreshing and focuses on Sasha's emotional journey and not on a direct action film. Do not worry though, the action is there and in abundance. However, many of these sequences show only implicit violence with images of horrific consequences. This does not mean that the action is not shown. These scenes are here and are fantastic (especially the end where we see the full powers of Sasha raging in desperation). The director chooses to involve the violence of many scenes to stay focused on the emotional struggle of the character. It's a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
