OKAY. I admit. I am one of those nerds who spent a lot of time with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV set watching sci-fi series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first date in space and since then I have changed partners regularly. I have seen them all, it seems, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the latest space operas at the cutting edge of technology. But, I also have a weakness for the more old-fashioned, the less expensive, like the magnificent show four seasons of the BBC "Blakes7". Here, the budgets are smaller than the hobbits, the special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares to know if the scripts are precise and intelligently written with a black humor, serious actors and sometimes of high class? <Br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future of space? Because it's not the future, it's a fantasy for children. Still, this can be irritating at times. As a Norwegian, I have often condemned the appalling fact that we never make genre series, like science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought that it could have happened. In fact, once, and even in my own homeland, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (cinema section) of our national public service channel Nrk produced this three-part version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I heard about it for the first time, I was not surprised that so far, the show was screened only once in Norway, which prevents me from seeing it. It was also broadcast on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release of this film, not a surprise either, and when it was screened in an art house cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city very far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about "Blindpassasjer" that did not surprise me, that it was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo essentially introduced the SciFi genre to Norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers. He has written several fascinating and entertaining novels, sometimes even hilarious masterpieces, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". None other than this type, also a renowned playwright, was able to build the "Blindpassasjer" scenario. <br /> <br /> When I finally could watch it, it's because a strange swede recorded the three episodes on VCR in the 80s, finally managed to turn it into DVD and to me give. He was a good guy. So I sat down and watched it, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and mistakes; but the thing happened and I was surprised to finally love it. <br /> <br /> The outer scenes with spaceships and planets are better than those of Blakes7, and the credit goes to studios Caprino (which makes the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the interior of Marco Polo ( the spaceship) works better than expected. The acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role in a solid way, like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan delivers her lines in a serious and casual way that suits the genre, but it's an overall piece and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen is wearing her mustache with nobility and that Marit Østbye is a really chic, chic space of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really so good? Well, we have to swallow the rather abrupt end, the pretentious pretense of "modern society", but yes, it's, well, not really really fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and nice. An hour and a half from classic Norwegian SciFi.
