On my lips or READ MY LIPS is a beautiful little thriller that also examines the lives of "strangers", people who live on the periphery of our vision and who struggle against the need to "integrate". Director Jacques Audiard, along with Tonino Benacquista, co-author, has created a tense, completely entertaining little thriller that makes meaningful statements about extraordinary individuals and their suffering. <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a plain Jane, mostly deaf, thirty secretaries unnoticed for a company whose life is social and sexual isolation and has a rather bleak vision of the future. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), a newly released parolee who responds to an advertisement to be Carla's assistant. There is a mutual physical repulsion at the first meeting: Carla had hoped for an elegant and distinguished man who could realize his fantasies and Paul is a rude and careless guy who is not impressed to be an office worker. Their concepts change rather quickly when Paul saves Carla's job by filling out his flight application with a letter that would cost him his job and Paul discovers Carla's ability to read on the lips, which he sees as a way of spying the criminals of his past who threaten his life with money owed. So, this strange couple of a team unifies its strengths and enters together into a dangerous, suspenseful ploy to win Paul's security and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and suspense, with each of these unlikely characters playing breathtaking roles in their lives that fill the cracks of their isolation wall in a surprising way. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel offer bravery performances and the rest of the cast is consistently strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat produced a musical score that accentuates the tension. The director of photography, Mathieu Vadepied, was able to find the appropriate lighting and angles to suggest the world of the isolation of the characters as well as the sense of Hitchcockian suspense. The director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative for history: it shows us the difference between "hearing" the world with or without hearing aids and, in so doing, makes powerful social comments. It is a good film that remains in the ranks of the best of the black French genre. Recommended. Grady Harp
