All of you who have despaired of seeing the emptiness and weaknesses of the latest productions of Disney Studios, here is something that should heal your wounds ... Once and for all, the life of A Bug proves that purely synthetic images leading a good script provide more interest than fake "hand-made, old-disney" drawings (see Lion King, Pocahontas and all the latest productions where you sadly regret that the magical background and atmosphere of Bambi left for always). <br /> <br /> A life of bug (1001 legs for my French colleagues!) Can avoid all the imperfections that make you wake up in the middle of the film and say "Hey, this thing is computer generated!" . No weak points, a huge effort showing its effectiveness in the backgrounds and the overall appearance of the sets, an amazing 3D bird (close to perfection in its imitation of reality) ... and only to mention the technical aspects. <Br /> <br /> The scenario, my friends, the real backbone of a film, is thick! Curiously, and obviously thanks to Lasseter's team, there is practically no musical sequence in the life of A bug. Which means that the story is long and rich enough to break free from those 3 or 4 minutes that some kids like, but that most of the others do not like (same thing for parents or fans of the anime , like me). This film reminded me of a very old film starring Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: the 3 Amigos; it basically had the same background story (a whole Mexican village living in fear of a few bad guys hires armed men (who eventually become actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple, but effective, and brilliantly suited to a colony of ants frightened by the anger of vicious insects. Since Microcosmos, many films tell stories of insects, their lives, their fears and their hopes, but I think that the life of an insect is the funniest and best realized of all. The process of humanization went perfectly well ... And the whole audience was captivated by the adventures of Flik (aka Tilt in France). <br /> <br /> A big thank you to the Lasseter team, especially for the last 30 seconds. It's so strange and awesome to see a whole theater laughing while the bugs / actors forget their lines or turn to the camera ... <br /> <br /> And finally, especially for those who love To those who have seen the French version, other congratulations go to dubbing actors who did a great synchro work on this film. A bug life is a very good entertainment, and I think it will soon be part of my collection of videos (privilege granted to very few movies, and it is not a problem of storage capacity :). Go see it, it's an order.
