Pixar has had a resounding success over the years with CGI animated feature films they have made. "The Life of an Insect" was the second feature film of a feature film they had directed so far, preceded by the company's first feature film, the groundbreaking "Toy Story", which was the first feature film feature film in computer graphics. I remember that this follow-up was very publicized at the time of its publication in the late 1990s, but I never saw it before November 2006. I watched it two time this month and, three years later, I saw it a third day. time. It never impressed me as much as any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three screenings, I still think it's better than some of the films I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is the homeland of an ant colony. These ants are forced to harvest food for a band of grasshoppers that come to take it every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor renowned for causing problems with his inventions, even if he does not want to. One year, while the colony has just finished preparing its annual offering, Flik accidentally throws it into a stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! Hopper, the grasshopper leader, decides to give them a second chance to gather food and prepare for the end of the season, but she will have to double her offer! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony to go in search of "war bugs" to fight the locusts on their return. Princess Atta, the future queen, allows her to participate in this mission so as not to cause problems while the colony tries to gather food for another offering. The inventor finds a bunch of bugs he considers warriors, but after bringing them back to Ant Island and introducing them, he discovers that they are not warriors but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second feature of Pixar never absolutely surprised me could be the characters. For me, none of them has really stood out as much as it could have and generally seems a little bland. Fortunately, however, it's not like "Shark Tale", a film with a very silly main character and who does not look alike. "The life of an insect" has a rather nice main character, a character that viewers can use. The story also sometimes seems a little bland, but most of the time, it should keep the movie at least moderately entertaining and sometimes there is a good suspense, especially later. The humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are some really fun moments, some involving Francis, a ladybug that is sometimes mistaken for a woman. You can always expect an excellent Pixar animation, and the animation in this particular effort is no exception. With all this film has to offer, the Pixar standards may seem a little disappointing, but it is a reasonable family entertainment.
