When I looked at the life of an insect for the first time in a long time, I could not help but see the comparisons with Happy Feet last year. As for the main storyline, they are very similar, an outsider doing what he can to fit in while trying to be special. This shows you how much better this movie could have been without its liberal conclusion on the rant. Many people do not agree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's sophomore effort. Of course, he can not capture the splendor of Toy Story any more than the animation is extraordinary. However, the story is excellent and the characters are wonderful. With a lot of laughs and a moral center and more, I could look at this one as much as the other classics of the studio. <br /> <br /> It takes a lot of strength to overcome all the obstacles. Between our leader, Flick, who must preserve his self-esteem to save his colony, the colony must open our eyes to a new way of life for the future, and the circus bugs who realize that they are more than cravings without talent, everyone is moving towards a better bug at the end of the story. Even the nasty Hopper is fully surrounded and threatening for the right reasons. He does not do it to be mean, but rather understands the fact that ants outnumber him 100 times out of 1. He needs them to be afraid of him so he does not have to worry about them discovering the truth. It's really a circle of life, but not one that can not evolve with the ages. <br /> <br /> When we think about animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time is much more realistic and less cartoonistic. The water is well made, just like the foliage. You do not need to look much further than the eyes of ants to see how much detail has gone into the production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth exterior, shows realism. All insects are finely worked. The flies of the city and the insane mixture of creatures recruited to save the ants are never harmed, either for a small role or for a larger role. It is also in the city that we see the finish on the environments. Although Ant Island is nice, it's only the outdoors. Bug City contains a lot of rubbish that splits into buildings and clubs. It's a nice demonstration of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything. From the ice cube trays used as circus stalls, the pet cookie box as a circus wagon - complete with the complete nutrition guide - and the crazy compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades, all is well made. <BR/> <br /> When it comes to humor, you have to recognize acting talent for its wonderful rendition and inspired role choices. Nobody could make a ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his biting wit. I challenge you to think of someone better. Our roles are also excellent with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey steals not only many scenes from the film, but also occupies a central place in the bloopers during the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the origin of Pixar's animated releases, a tradition that continues. With many insolent jokes about insects, you must also offer accessories to the huge cast. Full of "these guys actors", these are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft in the role of Heimlich, the worm that brings the most laughs. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's the simplest story. Pixar, which has been introduced in one form or another over the years, but sufficiently inspired and fresh enough to offer a most enjoyable experience. There are moments of joy, sad moments and even scenes full of suspense with birds coming to join the party. Complete with some of my favorite characters from Pixar, Tuck and Roll, there is not too much trouble I can think of saying.
