Lately, I've watched a lot of Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies, and even some of Rowan Atkinson's early performances in Bean. It seems that each of them has its own charm that permeates throughout his work something that allows them to identify with members of the audience of all ages, in a way that makes you feel well. A life of bugs has the same charm, it has a link with real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many insects that speak, because even if they speak, they always act like real insects. It's as if the team that made the film had found a way to put us in the mind of a child and allow us to think like them, to imagine insects like a young spirit. <br /> <br /> Honey, I shrunk. The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger and, for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of this movie, if only because the animation is breathtaking and that this style of narration opens up as much more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still consider to be the best computer animation movie ever), because the story of A Bug's Life is not as successful as that of Toy Story, but almost nothing is. The important thing is that it's always very fun. <br /> <br /> The story is about a colony of dreaded insects at work that make up an impressive society, mainly focused on building a food crop, most of which will go to tyrannical grasshoppers, a force well above average in general. and if all goes well, there is still enough left for the insects to survive the winter. We receive visits from locusts, which clearly indicate that if insects provide an inadequate amount of food, the consequences will be terrible. And secondarily, the similarities between this level of crippling food extraction are surprisingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's vicious forcing by his own people at the "Big leap forward?" <br /> The fun begins when Flik, ​​the main character, goes out looking for a gang of appropriate war bugs to come back to help defend the colony against grasshoppers. You see, he spilled all the food and put everyone in danger, so he feels it's his responsibility, but he ended up inadvertently hiring a group of troubled circus performers. Perfect for the public, not so great for the security of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late '90s, when so many films seemed to come out in pairs, like Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, The Life of an Insect and Antz, etc. The comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, though it seems obvious to me that A Bug's Life is by far the top film, and not just because he does not see Woody Allen stuttering and moaning through the lead role. It's a great family fun!
