(Originally a response to a movie reviewer who said that A Bug's life was too much, too fast - he was "stunned and exhausted" by the images, and seemed to completely ignore the story.) <br /> <br /> Ok, First of all, I'm 26 years old, I have a job, I go to school and I have a fiancé ". So maybe I'm crazy and that I'm really good at hiding it ... but not only did I NOT get out of A Bug's life Exhausted or stunned, it was only when I saw it second time I could really start I appreciate the artistry and humor of the spectacular visuals - because the first time I went to see this movie, I was so engrossed in the story and the characters that I I had forgotten that I was supposed to be sitting in front of each other, which "seduced" them visually. How can you not behave with Flik and his life on the road paved with good intentions? "Heck" indeed, I found myself identifying with this little ant (not to mention some of the other insects) in more than one way ... and that, in itself, tells me more about what Amazing movie is an entire book on his beautiful treat. Of course, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, the tree, the rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this movie is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, the life of an insect would be static if it was all that and no history. But I'm happy to say that's not the case! The life of an insect has a real heart. Yes, a lot of things happen, both in terms of history and visually, but it's because the story and the characters have a certain depth! It's not because it's a children's movie that you should turn off your brain at the door of the theater: kids are smarter than you think! On top of that, I think that the PIXAR team has prepared itself, even before their children ... and it shows, to the extent of his heart. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing and generally captivating. The development of the characters in such a set is incredible, there is a significant growth of characters, not just the main character - so rare in animation and often in movies in general. It does not hit your head with its spikes once it's done - every scene, every image has a reason to be in the story, and there are no free shots. Do not always explicitly explain in words what happens, it means subtlety, for me. it means not to "sack" your movie and to assume that the audience is stupid, which is usually not the case. All I can think is that if you can see the life of an insect without feeling anything, you should never have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, had a crush, fallen in love, frustrated that no one you have lied to someone who is important to you, you have felt like a social maladjustment, you are excited about a new idea, you had a good idea, you had what you thought was a good idea idea that turned, you were awkward a moment and trusting the next, pressure of responsibility, took a stand for you and your loved ones, alone against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt like a great success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others ... well, you get the point. Last words: A + note of me; please, if you are going to see it, try to see it at the theater (the panoramic and digitized video will NOT work for this movie); If you liked Toy Story, you'll probably love this (PIXAR knows how to make movies with the heart); if you like it, see it many times or you will not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety are considerable); and every time you feel really low, act like it's a seed, right?
