Although I do not think it was a perfect 10, I agree that it was well above a 6, which is what it notes here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, its plot has already been made several times. That does not mean that it should not be redone if it's done well and I think this film had some great moments. As already mentioned several times, the actor Claire Danes was perfect, as well as Kate Beckinsell and I think that Bill Pullman was absolutely great, as well as the secondary representations (the wife of Pullman, the crooked policeman, the skip or trip, whatever his name). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there were a lot of things that are good in this movie even though there were some negatives (the three main ones I found) as well. <br /> <br /> Here's what I did not like about the friendship between girls. In fact, the individual personalities of the girls were not developed in depth until the end of the middle of the photo. It would not have been improbable to lose interest before that because, despite the positives, it would have been necessary to further develop the character and some scenes, like the one where the girls were originally arrested, were almost neglected, of so that there was a little too much without the development of the character and the scene, I think it would have been appropriate for this type of film. This is not, however, my major problem. And WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The end, as mentioned dozens of times already, was AWFUL. It was awful in two respects. First, even if it would have been predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was a moving and powerful ending, but in a film like this, there is a sense that justice will be done and I sat down to see it. I was really shocked by the end and this was interpreted with excellence by everyone involved, but I think the two girls should have gone out or, unless, at least, the cop should have had what happened to him . I mean nothing happens For the bad guys, they all get away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> In addition, I do not understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand the reasons for thinking, but it was not a "Clue" movie we watched, and I would have liked to know something about what really happened, who was the culprit, and so on. I left to decide ourselves, but as I doubt that there will be a sequel, I did not want to be forced to guess. <br /> <br /> Yet there was a lot to love in this movie, and the game is definitely at the top of the list, I would say it's a 7.5 and that's definitely worth a look.
