In the movie "Brokedown Palace", directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate their high school diplomas by going to Hawaii, while learning that Bangkok, Thailand , has more fun. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without informing their parents of the change of plan. During their stay in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice guy, Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He told them that he would exchange his first class ticket for Hong Kong for three economy class tickets so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and when they entered the airport they were arrested for drug trafficking. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to show the public that it's wise to make good decisions because in one case a bad decision can change the meaning of a life forever. In addition, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think once we have discovered the true intentions of this friendly face. These girls made the decision not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that changed their lives forever. Things have a funny way of showing us what decision we made about the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, so it's important to think carefully about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we've made. <br /> <br /> This film has a great frame; It was shot mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This film also has good music; Some of my favorite songs are "Silence" by Delerium, "Damaged" by Plumb, "Deliver me" by Sarah Bightman and "Party's just started" by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young, naïve and had not thought about their plans, a mistake everyone could make. This film is suitable for all audiences. It does not matter if you are young or old, we are all human and subject to mistakes. Even so, I did not like the way this movie ended up making me wonder who actually smuggled the drug. - I would definitely love this movie.
