We all have friends. Some of us have more than others but there are really only one or two people with whom you feel really close, people you can say who are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. They graduated together, they go to parties together and they decide to go to Bangkok together while they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They are also victims of attempts to smuggle drugs into a third world country, which is catastrophic. The rest of the film is about survival and not losing hope. It also contains a strong message about the power of friendship and what it means to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good film, it is not excellent and this is due to some problems that I want to address. talk about. But first I want to say how good the film is. And for starters, the acting game is first rate, and you can not look any further than the two tracks. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in their respective roles. Alice is always fiery and seems a little rough, but she seems more amusing than Darlene. But sometimes, this pleasure can cause him trouble. Darlene is still a bit conservative and although it may be irritating at times, it would have served both girls better if she had followed her path instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is suitable as an American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is very well photographed too. The inside of the prison is not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, but it shows the necessary (but under-exploited) desperation of the situation in which they find themselves. The management of Johnathin Kaplan is also very good. We see the two girls struggling to cope every day, but you can see that their minds are a little more emotional every day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it comes to friendship and it shows how much they have to rely on each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the movie soundtrack. It enhances and completes the movie's atmosphere to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie and when you play it, you feel the fate of the women in that prison. You can feel how alone they are and how desperate they are to go out and get back to the simple things in life. And it also allows you to look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society we live. We have an easy life compared to some countries and believe it or not, the music is an ideal catalyst for the reflection on this subject. Part of the music is composed by a band called Delirium (I think) but it's Sara McLaughlin (bad spelling, but how do you spell her last name?) Who composes the lyrics and whose voice is beautiful and haunting and which adds a lot to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not like in the movie is some of the girls' stupidity. I will not say what they do, but when you see it yourself, you'll know what I'm talking about. Moreover, I did not really think that the prison they were in was so bad. It was more like a minimum security prison and that may be because when similar films invite men to spend time in a foreign country, the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not understand that here. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a good movie that really makes you ask, "How far would you go for a friend?" It's a difficult question and maybe a question that none of us could honestly answer before being put in the same situation. Let's hope it never boils down to that.
