I saw this movie a million years ago (5 years to be exact) for the first time. In the light of recent events with Australia's Schapelle Corby imprisoned in Indonesia for what is known as the contraband pot, I decided to watch this film again. I except crying all my heart, because I'm a sucker for hot girls in need (just read my review of "stalking Laurie Show"). A little moisture escaped my eyes, but they were barely filled with tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not completely worshipful and helpless, nor because the film was not heartbreaking at the sight of these two children in full youth locked up in almost inhuman conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I want to cry! When I rent a film like this, I am except to be moved, to sob as if there is no tomorrow, to feel miserable and to appreciate it. This movie was just too short to do it. It was as if the scenario had been reduced to the main elements of the plot and that, to do this, the psychological aspect was set aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did a great job in portraying the emotions of the two friends, but this film just screamed for more images of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. The mental journey is missing here for some reason. You can only see the key moments (which are very touching, I admit), probably because of a bad editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking in a postcard. The relationship with family members could also have used a little more attention. What's going on in relations between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You can see a preview, but the film does not offer a complete picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it was a good movie, and in the end, I even had to bite my lips. But I guess it has more to do with the acting skills (and looks) of actresses (and music) than with the director's merit. To be honest, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (yet). Now, I'm a fan! Excellent movie, as long as you do not expect it to be classic cinema.
