If you're looking for a definitive biography of boxer James Corbett's life, this movie is probably not for you. The famous boxer receives his "Hollywood life" of the 1940s, making the story more entertaining and more engaging than real life. However, because the performances were excellent (especially Errol Flynn) and the scenario so nice, the decorations of the film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett, from the Gay period of the '90s. -a man who became world boxing champion in 1892. The film starts from its rather humble beginnings and follows his career through winning the title match against John L. Sullivan. However, while the film could have focused mainly on the matches, most of them are rather brief (with the exception of the final title game) and the focus is on Corbett's cheeky personality as well as on his relationship with the woman played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, excellent support work was done by a cast of great actors (such as Alan Hale, actor of eternal support in Flynn movies) and writing really helped to bring these people to life. <br /> <br /> It's particularly nice to see the movie see Flynn's athleticism as a boxer. While some of the shots are doubles, almost all of Boxing's scenes are from Flynn and he has done a convincing job as a pugilist. It was a good start for Flynn, who usually played the role of "pretty boy" or "braggart", which shows how hard he was. To find out more about this, try reading his biography - he was a tough character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, for the TRUE James Corbett, continue reading if you're not. I'm afraid to find out how the film is not accurate First of all, Corbett was NOT a poor guy from a poor family, but had a higher education and was brilliant. got Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later Third, the wonderfully moving final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie Sullivan was a fool and that would never In reality, Sullivan was more the egomaniac and Corbett was not the big one, the head guy they portrayed in the movie - although it was for a beautiful movie.
