Flynn, best known for his bragging roles (and his antics in the bedroom!) Takes a different approach with this movie and works great. As a true boxing champion, Jim Corbett, Flynn puts all his charm to work to move from a smothered bank clerk in San Francisco to a famous pugilist, while taking a look at the company deb Smith. He and his best friend Carson attend an illegal hand-to-hand fight and are arrested at the same time as many other men (and a dog!), Including a prominent judge. The next day, via Smith, he has the opportunity to enter the judge's private club. He uses this opportunity to make his way through the good graces of his exclusive members and to win a place as a resident boxer. His unusual talent in the sport quickly brings him to face all players, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Flynn is downright magical here. He is the epitome of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. He looks awesome (especially in a hangover scene with his hair in battle and a white suit) and does almost all his own cascading (impressively!). His line is delicious. rascal. Smith exudes the class and taste of every pore and is perfect for Flynn. At this point, she needed a cleaning lady who was up to her advances and reputation (he was then subject to rape charges legally) and she did it admirably. She is repulsed by its freshness and cavalier attitude, but can not help but fall under its enchanting charm. Bond is incredibly tough, imposing and imposing, but he is tender when the script calls him. A young and dynamic Carson brings a fun support. Frawley is a bit scathing himself as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn's exuberant family and an assortment of sweltering Nob Hill types. Everything is beautifully landscaped and well managed. Some of the sets are surprisingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses are close to bright colors, but she is well suited to raised hairstyles. This is a great overview of the first days of boxing at the championship, but it's also a lot more. Some traits (such as the character traits shown by Flynn) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many are authentic (such as the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes). One line is particularly memorable: "I think I love more than I love you, but it's quite possible that I love you more than you love me." It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there's also has more than a few zingers in the script.)
