James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point for this animated and memorable fictional biography. The author was world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan before the turn of the century. The events in the story portray Corbett as an impetuous but friendly and intelligent young man who conquers the boxing world and social prejudices of his time, when he was considered the mere son of Irish immigrants, a humble bank teller and a person who will not surprise anyone. It took him many hours on the screen exciting and often fun to prove that his competitors were wrong. He is a bank teller when the movie starts, but he somehow launches an invitation to a sports club for the haves. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl, with whom he always seems to argue, and lives at home with a brawling Corbetts clan who seem to fight as often as others. When he beats the best of the club and a district of professional fighters to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. he goes on the road with his friend, who acts as manager and coach. Despite some setbacks, he wins all his fights and attracts attention. Returning home to pursue his daughter, he manages to annoy Boston Strongboy, the powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and says he can "lick any man in the world." Few people believe he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his kind manners and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of reach and canceling the furious power of Sullivan. The best scene in the film may be when a beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion is up to it, Sullivan tells a few years ago, and shows him only admiration and respect. He had his daughter after both performances, but at the end of the film, when they visit his parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "The Corbetts are back to work". The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The screenplay was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence of the novel Corbett. Sidney Hickox directed the cinematography, with vintage period decorations by Clarence Steensen and art direction by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made the music and Milo Anderson the dresses. The film was shot with talent by action movie specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked working with Walsh but did not care about the other director he worked for most, Michael Curtiz. Among the actors, there was Ward Bond in the role of John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, the charming Alexis Smith a little sullen but intelligent as Corbett likes him and a very talented Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man with whom he seemed to love playing. -He later said it was his favorite role of the day ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, a rich enemy, with William Frawley, Watson minor, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki accompany the proceedings. It's hard to say enough about the logic and light fun that the directors of this movie have generated; it's one of the most popular sports biographies and, to my mind, one of the most enjoyable.
