After erasing my thoughts nearly twenty-seven times, I now feel that I can conquer this article for the intricate French drama "Read My Lips". Having written more than five hundred reviews, I never found myself in such a loss of words, contrary to the subtle yet inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. A thought was thrown about what was loved and hated in this film and, although the "loves" were mastered, it was the hated elements that sparked a deeper debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. To be more precise, it is a drama inspired by the character that merges the social uncertainty of the crime lords with the slump of daily office work. Here is where this review begins to crumble, is it all these elements ?? but it's more ?? a lot, a lot more. As a spectator, you are instantly drawn to the portrait of Emmanuelle Devos, representing this fragile woman named Carla, whose strength is lost for men in her office, as well as for her hearing problems. Audiard presents its world harshly by removing the sound from the screen when it does not help, which causes an immediate discomfort, not only among the characters of the film, but also for those who look at it. Without sound, the world is left open to all possibilities, which is scary. <br /> <br /> Watching this difficult and troubling woman settle in her life, we are uprooted and the opportunity to meet Paul (Vincent Cassel), a thin man, thin, wearing a mustache, who has just been released from prison, homeless, jobless and forced by his parole officer to get a job. That's how Carla and Paul meet. There is this moment of instant attraction, disturbing. The one where we think she likes it, but it's dark (and that's where it gets even more fun) ?? and where we think he loves her, but she is dark. The constant inversion of roles creates the tone of the unknown. As viewers, who should we most sympathize with? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with a rival colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips is useful for an idea of ​​fortune for Paul. The continual comings and goings keep you on your chair, waiting for the possibility of light shining through this dark cave. It never does. Audiard can not simply let this story unfold, he is constantly introducing us to more characters; one as shady as the other. Even our cornerstone, our strong foundation with the parole officer is involved when his wife disappears ?? an intrigue secondary to this film which at the beginning had pissed me off, but after a later debate was a basic finale for this film. Yet none of this could have happened without our characters. The solemn and simple look of Devos is breathtaking because it changes the image for Paul; the truth of its beauty is discovered. Paul, the character hidden in the film, apparently continues to use and abuse the friendship for his final phase. Then, when we assume one, Carla adopts one last form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has incredible actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time and I would always sit at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this movie, is at first random. Interwoven stories do not seem to be linked at first, but Audiard allows them to connect little by little. Again, the entire parole officer segment was tangent, but this final scene only solidified the ends of the means. Do not try to sound vague, but this complex (but quite simple) story is difficult to explain. A lot of things happen, but it's up to you to connect the elements. A favorite scene is where Carla tries to find out where money is. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching a mystery of who-dun-it unfold before your eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, I thought it was a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget. when was it finished ?? I was wrong "Read My Lips" opens the discussion, not just with the characters, but with the situations. We will find ourselves rooting for Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next. When a discovery is made in Paul's apartment by Carla, I became deeply angry. Audiard brought a real emotion to the screen with his characters and his development, and what was missing in the plot? the actors were able to wear. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; it is not a single viewing film. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Grade: **** on *****
