I chose to see this film on the day of its national opening in France, as a personal way to reflect on what had happened the year before; the collection works as expected: it creates a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, functioning as an intellectual tribute, never yielding to superficial sentimentality or reactivism. <br /> <br /> many allegations that the film is anti-American: although I can not speak for everyone in this regard, I am an American who found such statements completely false. People make a lot of noise about the Egyptian segment, by Chahine, because it expresses the prospects of Palestinian suicide bombers claiming that civilians in a democracy are "fair targets" because they elect the governments that suicide bombers seek to attack, but that ignores many other pieces: several perspectives are discussed, no one is considered the truth, and the critics - if they even saw the play - seem to forget the tenderness and the warm dialogue that are woven between the director and the director. ghost of American dialogue, and the intense sadness of the director after hearing about the tragedy. <br /> <br /> almost all films are beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring, especially the brilliant work of Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Loach & Inarritu. Nair, as usual, actually tells the story of an injustice committed against a Muslim family as a result of the anti-Islam hysteria that swept and swept the states. I found Gitai's text a little vulgarly strong in his critique of media hysteria in the face of terrorism. Penn's text was too impressionistic and elliptical to my taste, although I expected to appreciate it. Borgnine is very good and brave. SPOILER WARNING: One of the critics below misunderstood the fall of the towers as a happy moment for the character; My reading is rather that the fall of the towers is what, because the light floods his room, includes him in the loss of his life which he refused to recognize. Again, this is a kind of impression, because we know that if the towers actually blocked the light of this man's apartment, then there would be nothing but smoke and ashes, no light, flooding his window.
