As you may know, the topic here was to ask eleven filmmakers from around the world to make a short 11-minute, 9-second film and one image each. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): Which Afghan refugee children can understand the collapse of towers? Well nothing. A good lesson - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with great cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman living at the WTC who sees without understanding that his dog barks ... Well, see him. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): the greatest oriental filmmaker has compassion ... For all: for an American soldier who died ten years ago, for the inhabitants of the WTC, but also for a Palestinian suicide terrorist. Perhaps the least tender film to the United States. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina): good pictures, makes us travel, that's for sure ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and amusing story about five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it but no one believes them when they say they know where he is. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): On September 11, 1973, Chile entered a bloody dictatorship of twenty years. Thousands of deaths, torture: all this was offered in Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing that this changes your point of view! I guess it's because of this short film that no American film distribution company has agreed to release it in our theaters! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year of construction of the WTC! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we know too well and a lot of black screens. I do not have much, it's more an artist's video (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that followed 9/11. Very good actualy. - Sean Penn (us): a funny little story that reminds us of a fact that is usually forgotten, the WTC had a huge shadow and some places now have a daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another. Here, there is not even a word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. He has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the temperature of the world. I like that.
