From the beginning, it was clear that September 11 would inspire as many films as the Second World War and Vietnam combined. However, it is to be feared that most of these upcoming movies are just as good (or rather: bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is fortunate that the first international publication on September 11th is not a love story featuring beautiful faces, but a collective work of eleven directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I'm not hearing that all 11 episodes are excellent (Youssef Chahine, for example, has a useless prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really weird ending) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura being the only one not referring directly to the Twin Towers, should open the film and not finish it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one instead, as this is the most impressive) . But it's an impressive effort and an interesting representation of how other parts of the world are responding to the collapse of the Twin Towers. <br /> <br /> Think of Samira Makhmalbaf's opening segment, in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain to his students what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a one-minute silence. Or the part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which promises a double bin Laden that looks so real that you will be shocked when you see it, I promise), in which 5 boys evoke good things that can be done with the reward offered on Laden. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) article by Ken Loach about a Chilean man talking about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11" - September 11, 1973, when their president elected Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. It could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad story and I share my gratitude for the best segment with that of Inarritu (mainly sound impressions and phone calls from hacked planes on a black screen, sometimes some pictures of people fell into the WTC and finally a tower collapsed, the screen brightened and a question appeared) and Amos Gitai speaks of a hysterical journalist desperately trying to get to the broadcast after the explosion of a car bomb in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, but one is a masterpiece of choreography). <br /> <br /> All these segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch, a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic, a demonstration of the Women of Srebrenica, that of Mira Nair - strange, but it takes an Indian director to playing the role that probably pleases most Western tastes - a Muslim family whose son is under a terrible suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower leading the most depressed life that one can imagine), add a unique film that is difficult to watch and difficult to forget. I'm sure this film will be a classic known to everyone in thirty years. I hope we will be remembered for having started a long tradition of world cinema. But, alas, it is much more likely that we will remember the effort made in a single film. And as one of the rare 9/11 films made at this time that does not reduce this terrible event to a love story with a happy ending to the delight of the audience.
