This intensely character-based thriller drama in 2007 resembles a juicy, high-profile Shakespearean steak from a great filmmaker who knows how to get exceptionally ferocious and extreme performances from his actors. Consider to begin - Henry Fonda's only dissident juror in "Twelve Angry Men", Katharine Hepburn's delirious Mary Katone in "Long Day's Journey Ino Night", the survivor of the "Pawnbroker" conflict camp, the William Holden's lion in "The Land of Cows" and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in "The Verdict". The list includes some of the finest screen movies of the last half-century, and you can safely add the desperate control of Philip Seymour Hoffman to Andy Hanson. At 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of octogenarian fatigue. In fact, he enjoys the melodramatic turn of the very complicated scenario of the screenwriter for the first time, Kelly Masterson. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is surprisingly small. as he focuses on the moral compromises that take place in a family where two brothers have become desperate for immediate money. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in her latest film, the "strangely pinched" Cassandra's dream, but Lumet is neither pinched nor cautious in her fierce approach to this inescapable story of ambiguity and disappointment. The plot revolves around a crime supposed to be without a victim. Diverting funds from his estate company's payroll to satisfy his neglected wife, Gina, and to satisfy an expensive addiction, Andy, who speaks well, is about to be exposed to an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of co-dependent insecurity post-divorce, losing ground in his child support and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy concocts a supposedly infallible plan to steal their parents' suburban jewelry store none of them are supposed to be there. The goal was for the brothers to get the trait back and the parents to ask for insurance. Murphy's law comes in every possible way, starting with Andy lobbying Hank to do the job himself. After a fraternal cajolery, Hank agrees, but too scared to do it alone, he recruits a reckless busboy and stuffed with weapons to handle the flight. By fate, the theft took place the day Andy and Hank's mom opened the store, and things quickly escalated. Although the round-trip narrative technique is not new (for example, the "21 grams" by Alejandro González Iñárritu), the Masterson approach allows certain events to be effectively defined from several angles, so that you understand how each character is driven unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The acting is perfect, starting with Hoffman's captivating performance as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose cold exterior and innate amorality hide layers of resentment towards his family. I thought he was excellent in Tamara Jenkins' "The Savages", but he's even better here. Lumet even draws a strong performance from Ethan Hawke, usually unbearable in the role of Hank, conferring on him the emasculated weakness that informs him of each ill-planned movement. As a struggling father, Albert Finney acts with his typical end-of-career flair, but he provides the necessary foundation for the complexities of the Oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a wise choice to embody Gina, as the actress plays an economic role in the reactivity and vigilance of a small and crucial role. The esteemed theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has little time as a mother, just like Amy Ryan, bitter ex-wife of Hank. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that are almost excessive, especially as the situation becomes more and more desperate for the brothers, but the leaders inject a brio so energetic that the development becomes forgivable . After the disappointment of the designer "Find Me Guilty", it's refreshing to see Lumet in great shape here. The 2008 DVD contains extremely informative comments by Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of whom speak with ease and insight. In addition to the original theatrical trailer, there's also a better-than-average 24-minute feat, titled "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Were Made", which features footage from and footage of interviews with Lumet, producers and the main players.
