This is a completely diabolical story of how things can go wrong. A simple flight. Pick up a serious change. Gather our finances and everything will be fine. But mom's jewelry and pop? No problem. Insurance pays for everything. No weapons. Nobody gets hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman), older and more successful (it seems,) has some minor problems. Heroin addiction, cocaine addiction. A woman (Marisa Tomei) who? Well, he does not seem to be able to play for. His flat stomach has long since disappeared. Hank (Ethan Hawke), his younger brother, younger, sweet and a little confused, with some dinero problems. A delay in child support payments for his daughter, a debt to his friends and family, not really to impress them in the work, etc. Sydney Lumet, in this representation at the age of 82 (!), Directs and gets 99.99%, which is difficult to do in a thriller. I have seen more thrillers than I can remember and most of the time, the director has the film printed and lives with the holes of the plot, the improbabilities, the lame scenes and the hurried end. Here, Lumet makes a thriller as a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The acting is superb. The plot has no holes. The story sounds fair and clear and represents a tale about human fragility that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even the Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Hoffman, of course, is excellent. When you do not have a tent and you have a presence of men, you have to deal with talent, work and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the role of the little boy, adds a layer of despair and incompetence too human to the party so that we do not know if we must pity or put it in the trash. Albert Finney plays the father of stray sons with a kind of steel intensity that conceals his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has the magical qualities of sex appeal that goes with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and hard as nails as the woman of Andy's timing. (But who could blame her?) Giving a commercial thriller to five or ten stars is almost a sacrilege. However, if you study this film, as all budding filmmakers would be interested in doing, you'll notice the kind of (according to most Hollywood producers) attention to detail that makes true art - the kind of things that only the great artists can do and they can not do otherwise. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this movie? Well, maybe a dozen, check the credits.) All I can say is Way to go Sydney Lumet, author of several excellent films, and to show such fidelity to your art and your art at such an advanced age? Bravo. Can we all do half so well. <br /> <br /> Okay, the 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could follow the taxis that Andy had taken around New York without losing his line. This is minor, and I wish all thrillers could have such a small blip. One may also wonder why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Maybe his fate fell on the floor of the cutting room. Maybe Lumet was not happy with what had been filmed and time was running out, and he just said, "Leave it like that, it does not matter." And I think no. What will happen to Hank is not going to be good. He is not the kind of guy who manages to escape to Mexico and can start a new life. He's the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 and who serves it and pulls out a kind of shrunken human being who knows he was not really a man when he should have been . <br /> <br /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best, director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) ), and many others.
