Tarantino has already pointed out on a 1930s melodrama called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. One could say the same thing - and notwithstanding the evocation of Tarantino - for the best work of Sidney Lumet for years, a melodrama in which the character is the center of attention, not simply because of the stakes of distribution. Kelly Masterson does not have a script masterpiece here (it's a real puzzle that ends in a series of decisive events that only work to the end and where even the suspension disbelief is paramount), but his storyline conveys the character before the plot, and in a story where actions surround a holdup, it's critical to know who these people are battling one after the other. It's dark as hell, pitiless as Satan, but also absolutely captivating 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Note it not only because Lumet knows how to manage a non-linear script where we see the day Every day, the actions of one character to another take place before and especially after the burglary of the stores 'Mom - & - pop' jewelery, but because of the tremendous cast distribution (which, let 's add, is Lumet' s specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with financial difficulties, and the first is the last with what looks like an infallible robbery: loot their mother's and father's jewelry in Westchester. Hawke's Hank involves another shady character though, murders occur, and suddenly it's a Greek-scale tragedy that affects the brothers and their father, embodied by a perfect Albert Finney. This is the kind of material that most actors love: characters that, like in Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, imperfect, but only want that love and / or things are repaired, and that they are totally incapable of satisfying their desires and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, however, Hoffman and Hawke are perfectly matched; Hoffman has, until the last ten minutes, a super quiet and sometimes pleasant behavior, which reveals him as the brain of the operation, but smaller scenes where he breaks down with emotion (with Finney or the car scene with Tomei) push his talents to the limit; Hawke, on the other hand, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can not pay any debt, and calls himself a baby by his own father, and he fills the room bill in all the ways that matter - he is not as imperfect as his older brother, but who wants to take a straw for this title? And Finney, as mentioned, is in every way, making Big Fish's turn child's play (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face recoiling in front of a horror that has accumulated throughout the second half). <br /> <br /> Let's also mention the turning points of Marisa Tomei, Bug's compiler of Michael Bug, a white basket, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris. brief and accurate impressions, it's a film with a lot of talent and heart - but not a heart that forgives - with a story that doubles the details, not for spectacular plots, but to explain all the stages of the perpetual downward spiral from a family. If it's not as breathtaking as Serpico, Network, Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it's as close as anything Lumet has done since.
