In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an addicted real estate executive who has diverted a lot of money for his addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When a check is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His little brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes three months of child support to his daughter and has a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy conspires their parents' jewels Saturday morning without a gun, hoping to find an old employee without causing financial harm to his parents, since the insurance company would reimburse the loss. On Monday morning, we would collect the necessary funds to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate because he is well known in the mall where the jewelry is located and could be recognized. However, Hank yellows and invites the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work to replace the clerk and Bobby brings a weapon hidden. . Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but is fatally shot. After Nanette's death, their father, Charles Hanson (Albert Finney), decides to investigate the flight with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you're dead" is a comedy of errors, revealing a good story. The originality and the difference are in the scenario, with a non linear narrative to the "Pulp Fiction". Sidney Lumet, eighty-three years old, has another great job and the longevity of this director is impressive. Philip Seymour Hoffman is awesome in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world collapse, mainly because of his unsafe and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still beautiful and sexy and shows a beautiful body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed a perverse place. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Let his life be mortal" (Before the devil knows you are dead)
