The full title of this movie is "Can you be in paradise half an hour before the devil knows you're dead," a reformulation of old Irish bread "Can we have food and clothes, a fluffy pillow for the head, you've been in heaven for 40 years, before the devil knows you're dead.The screenwriter for the first time, Kelly Masterson (with some changes from the director Sidney Lumet) concocted a melodrama that explores how a family can be fragmented can become when the external forces push the members to unthinkable extremes.In this film, the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family by a widely used manipulation but here, very sensitive to the flashback / flash forward narrative technique by repeatedly proposing the different advantages of each of the characters on the central incidents that fuel this narrative rather heartbreaking, we see all the motivations of the players in the case of a robbery that went terribly wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy leader, married to Gina (Marisa Tomei), in need, who needs it emotionally, and who is addicted to drugs. His life begins to crumble and he needs money. Andy's youngest brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a ruined life - he is divorced from his skinny wife, Martha (Amy Ryan), is late in alimony and child support and has borrowed everything he can to his friends. and he needs money. Andy offers the discreet robbery of a small family jewelry store that promises money safely and quickly. The problem is that the jewelry story belongs to the parents of the men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances some money to Hank and argues an agreement that Hank will handle the robbery, but although Hank accepts the "infallible" plan, he hires a friend to assume the job while Hank plans to be the engine of the leak. car. The flight is horribly botched when Nanette, who comes to the usual clerk, fires at the thief and gets shot. The disaster reveals many secrets about the family's fragile relationships and with the death of Nanette, Charles and Andy and Hank (along with their respective partners) are driven to disastrous ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors of this strong but emotionally acrid film gives great performances. We expect that from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, it's Sidney Lumet's wise management hand that make this movie so powerful. It's not an easy film to watch, but it's a movie that allows for some brave performances that demand our respect, a film that reminds us how many families can be fragile. Grady Harp
