I must admit that I had doubts about this film before going to look at it. The main reason is that it has been compared to a Hitchcock film. I've seen several movies that would have been inspired by Hitchcock or that could have been shot by the "Master of Suspense" himself, but I have not seen any of those films that can stand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is too easily used to promote (cheap) thrillers, but I must admit that it intrigued him because it is a European film. Normally, it is the big Hollywood studios who abuse the name of Hitchcock if it allows them to increase their income. But this film was shot in one of the most chauvinistic European countries of all time and I'm sure most French people would rather be dead than confess that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this film and I must say that I'm happy to have done it. <br /> <br /> "On my lips" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a dedicated and loyal employee, but her colleagues have never appreciated her. This has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from hearing loss, which has prevented her from climbing the hierarchical ladder of society. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, all of this is about to change. Paul Angeli is a former convict aged 25 and totally unqualified. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and protects him when needed. She hopes to teach him what a normal life should look like, but at the same time, he is dragging along with him in his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often To describe a very good thriller - which this film is certainly - I will make no comparison between the achievement of Hitchcock and that of Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man really did a good job with this movie. I had never heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to arouse suspense and interest you from beginning to end. It also has a lot to do with the very beautiful and original story of course. I doubt there was anyone in Hollywood who ever had the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a powerful role, instead of making her the helpless subject of a violent husband (you know, l story of a typical TV movie). <Also note the acting in this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. Their roles have nothing glamorous about them, but they both did a great job with their characters, making them very believable and realistic. Paul could have been a tough guy straight out of prison and Carla a generally helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that they are two strong people who have both had some bad luck in life but who will make the most of it together. <br /> <br /> In summary, it is a powerful film with a very good script and an excellent interpretation. Despite my doubts, I quickly became one of his greatest admirers. I give this film an 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
