I'm starting to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 was the year of biographies and 2005 political movies, 2007 can be identified as a year rich in a plethora of moral tales, films that portray, test, question and question human morality and the motivations that drive us to do certain things. Although this identification is rather broad, I think a handful of films have come out this year, such as 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men and others that deal specifically with morality. human and its values. reasons that lead us to acts such as violence or treason. Before the devil knows you are dead is a devious and stylish tale of morality, quite dark, depressing and depressing. And best of all, it's the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic leadership forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who, it is said, has climaxed, but is back in force with this extremely rich crime thriller. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films whose intrigues are so thick that we are very hesitant to go into details. It is a film that we appreciate better if we see it without any prior knowledge of the events about to unfold, because there are twists and turns. But the thick and richly elaborated plot is not at the center of this film; as I said, the real goal is the story of morality; the motivations that drive these two men to the actions they do in the film. In a plot structured as a combination of the filmographies of the Coen brothers (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men pushed under various dark circumstances to commit a rather simple crime, incredibly ridiculous, and reciprocating with force and inevitable tragedy. And to make the film even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that continues to follow and retraces a series of events that follow each character and always end where he stopped the last time. Crisp, clean, thick and precariously depressing, Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly poignant and complete, especially because it's a first-time scenario. <br /> <br /> But the film has much more to offer than a sinister delectable and rather depressing plot. First and foremost, the image is extremely beautiful. Sidney Lumet has, throughout his career, constantly used a style of cinematography and interesting lighting: both naturalistic and elegant. The film exudes an impression of style and class, with beautiful natural lighting that really looks great. The edition is top-notch; combining the dramatic thriller aspect with very long shots that really take their time to portray the action accordingly. In addition, the dynamic and dynamic angles and movements of the camera add to the style. The film is also supported by an incredibly succulent musical score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The scenario plays its role, and of course Lumet does its part, but in the dramatic center of the film are three masterful actors who deliver incredibly good performances. First and foremost, there are both tracks. Philip Seymour Hoffman is at the head of the pack. He has always been an excellent actor, but he stumbled on a starring status after his fantastic Oscar performance in Capote. His turn in this film is fascinating: severely flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has really intense scenes in the film that really allow his dramatic fury to manifest, not just his subtlety and wit. Ethan Hawke is at his side. He has achieved fantastic performances in many films, almost always overshadowed by bigger and bigger actors. Here he bounces on Hoffman and completes it incredibly well; All in all, the dynamic between the two is so fantastic and convincing that the audience is quickly lost in the characters and forgets to watch the actors. And then there is Albert Finney. Such a supple and opulent support role, like the one he holds, involves a seasoned professional. Finney delivers here his best performance for many years as a father tragically obsessed by the two brothers who are involved in the crime. I love the dynamic between the three. I love the fact that Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and unashamedly attacks his younger brother even though they are middle-aged men; And yet, despite this, it is clear that Finney's father favors Hawke's younger and weaker brother. Still on the subject of distribution, the two female characters support ?? brides of brothers ?? Let's also mention the fantastic performances of Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose look continues to improve over the years. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and style have already been explored by artists like The Coen Brothers, and it's very easy to imagine them directing this film. But for a film that walks on known terrain, it simply excels. Lumet uses his immense talent as a director and uses his unique and subtle sense of irony and style for Masterson's brilliantly bright, intense and morbid first script. The main performances are incredibly intense and the film presents absolutely fantastic turns of Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; But the greatest wonder of the film is that three years after winning an Oscar for all achievements, considered the ultimate sign of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet proves that he still has the immense talent of deliver a wonderful and resonant movie. , an intense piece of cinema reminiscent of its golden years.
