For 20 years, Sydney Lumet has not been successful at the box office and yet, at the age of 83, he managed to produce a thriller tight, suspended and suspenseful, which takes place in his former place favorite in New York. (How he got insurance, not to mention the budget after all these failures, is also a mystery). The story is quite dark and the characters are not particularly friendly, but they held me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with financial problems conspire to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The flight went wrong and two people die. Most of the film is concerned with the consequences. The action is nonlinear and viewed from different points of view of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to solve is the story of the past ?? how did the brothers enter such a disorder? There are clues ?? the younger brother being the baby of the family is his father's favorite, while the older brother seems to be carrying a lot of baggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but that does not justify him becoming a murderous hijacker using heroin. <br /> <br /> As a big brother plotter, the corpulent Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, but he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his younger brother, inadequate and intimidated. Albert Finney, as a father, seems to be in a state of constant anger, but the scenario warrants it. At the age of 42, Marisa Tomei, the older brother's deceitful wife, achieves the sexiest performance I've ever seen. The movie literally starts with a bang, but we leave this comfort zone quite quickly. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origins of this story of Kelly Masterton, the beginning screenwriter, but I think that, like Lumet The film of the 70s "Dog Day Afternoon" is it based on facts? ? it's too stupid to be wrong. Lumet is about the last of these extremely versatile studio directors who, with unprecedented speed, were able to manage just about anything presented to them. Some great movies have been produced this way, as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of both kinds? it's a well-designed casual entertainment room. This will probably leave you feeling lucky that you did not belong to such a dysfunctional family as this one, but to ask you how that happened. We know that the parents were happy but we see so little of the mother and hear so little about her that it is impossible to understand her relationship with the boys. (There is also a girl whose presence seems superfluous). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unfortunate family is unhappy in its own way".
