What an extraordinary thriller !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best film of an exceptionally strong festival. It's already my second favorite movie of all time after DR. Strange and I was really moved when I went home and discussed the film with my wife. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin the plot, because thrillers of this caliber are better served without preconceptions. A summary I would be happy to share is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, are planning to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces in time for about two weeks (before, during and after the flight) and a key scene is repeated at least three times. Usually, this could disrupt the momentum of a movie, but it never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, the tension and even the quality of the game seemed to improve as the film progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat, out of breath, waiting to see how it all ended. I know I used a few shots in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I should mention that the nonlinear scenario is quite easy to follow. This is not the kind of movie where you will hear the audience asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie. <br /> <br /> The acting is absolutely brilliant in every respect, and I doubt that even admiration for the film if the casting had not been so perfect. A little complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but it's a small detail that I can easily forget. Hoffman was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawke were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as the father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I still remember every remark, gesture, and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon ?? absolute perfection. The scene of the robbery seemed more authentic to me than any other cinematographic robbery scene I have ever seen, and I had the same feeling of authenticity in most scenes, especially those of Hoffman. The music helped to reinforce the tension throughout the film, often the same notes played very effectively. I had the music in my head the next day, even as I was sitting through other movies. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was a plot twist that seemed a bit incredible (major spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this film is damn close to perfection. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great movies at the festival that I would like to watch a second time, but BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWS THAT YOU ARE MORTAL lies in a league of its own. By the way, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and he introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and she was a little shy so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that someone so beautiful can be so shy with the camera?" This comment is quite ironic given the graphic opening scene !!
