Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) are tired of struggling to find out who's the biggest fool and Dad (Albert Finney) likes more, so they unleash a delusional ploy to steal the mom and dad's jewels so store they can clear their debts and start from scratch. It sounds like a great plan, except it's a suspenseful melodrama from the 1970s that talks about a robbery that went wrong and, man, make things really go wrong for our unfortunate duo. and everyone involved. Lascinately concocted by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and shot in classic style by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" uses the robbery as McGuffin to dive into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At 83, he apparently made an agreement with the devil for the making of a last great film. Lumet was at its zenith in the 1970s with movies such as "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". He has somehow managed to make a film that has all the characteristics of his classics while mixing more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with calendars and POV) in a crisp, lively, skinny, nasty melodrama and challenging. . One can only hope that some of the big modern names (like Scorsese or Spielberg) that emerged during the same decade, Lumet was at the top of his game will still have as much chutzpah when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master to lead people walking in spaces to create tension and develop characters. While the cast is walking through lovingly furnished apartments and offices in Manhattan, his slowly moving camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety, as we never know who could be around the corner or what this person might be to do in the next room. Lumet also uses the multiple point-of-view and time-shifted method. The coherent and classic presentation that uses it makes that the films with the similar structure of Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu seem like amateurs. <br /> <br /> Of course, what Lumet does best is to lead incredible sets and inspire them to act in an inch of their life. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and probably will never be better than he is here. Albert Finney slyly describes a father betrayed and at the end of his rope, a masterpiece to watch unfold. Ethan Hawke, normally a pretty indefinable boy, is perfect as an emotionally disabled young brother who has weathered his charms and looks for too long. The coup-de-grâce, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, strangely on the brink of becoming his over-brilliant wife. Lumet brings them a whole range of emotions that lead to a unique scene since William Holden provoked Beatrice Straight into an "Oscar" for best actress in "Network". <br /> <br /> The devil of any great movie is in the details, from Albert Finney to the trunk of his car that does not close because of a fender, the look of Amy Ryan "Gone Baby Gone") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke the promise he made to his granddaughter that they know all three that he will not keep, the systematic dismantling of a family on the skates, at the dialogue imploring the cultists to quote it (my favorite phrase being the hilarious threat "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") to Carter Burwell's excellent score. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is the movie of the year. If something is going well, then we know that some other contracts must have been negotiated with Old Scratch.
