French directors continue to surprise by their extraordinary ability to simulate the images and sounds of ordinary everyday life in the suburbs. This was evident with the publication in early 2002 of The Time Use, a brilliant character study showing the melancholy descent of a white-collar worker after being fired from his job. Like the penchant of the French filmmakers, many scenes have been shot in real streets and public places, which gives an impression of truth to the cinema. However, the Timetable also had an elegant appearance thanks to excellent camera work and superb images of places (including a Swiss mountain retreat). Another impressive French production takes place in the wake of this masterful film: Jacques Audiard's film, Sur mes levres. In fact, labeling this film as a criminal conspiracy is doing a disservice because it is much more than that. As for the previous French version, it is an incisive study of marginal people who use their intelligence to progress in a society that has turned their backs on them. In a Parisian construction company, Carla, a shy and tiny young woman is sitting at her desk. It is sequestered in an area of ​​the office that is an important passage for xerox machines and toilets. <br /> <br /> Unpleasant colleagues use the front of Carla's office to discuss and drop their half-finished styrofoam cups of coffee. Partially deaf, Carla turns on and off her hearing aids at will if the noise becomes disturbing, be it the drone of paper copiers or the shrill crying of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her to the office to suggest hiring a secretarial assistant to help cope with the workload, Carla is worried about losing her job. At the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably a man) as if she were in a dating agency. He should be 25 years old and have a clean cut, have many skills in computer and archiving. When the agency sends a threatening and neglected young man, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch in a local restaurant, where Carla questions her possible assistant. When she discovers that he has just been released from prison, Carla does not want anything to do with Paul at first, but she changes her mind and hires her. Although she is basically kind with her help, Carla is now in a position of authority and has a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find temporary housing and protects him even when his parole officer comes to the office one day wondering why Paul missed his appointment. During one of their lunch breaks, Carla informs Paul of his hearing loss and reveals his ability to read the lips. Later, when a stingy colleague flagrantly takes on a project Carla has been working on, a furious Carla asks for Paul's help to take revenge on the man. From there, in On My Lips, an increasingly intense police drama intensifies and gives rise to some of the most violent graphic scenes shown on screen in recent years. The storyline borrows elements from Hitchcock, including REAR WINDOW, where Carla's talent for lip reading starts playing with a pair of binoculars. There is a teasing, incessant sexual attraction between the two protagonists, ending with a rather strange homage to the NORTHERN NORTHWEST, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat slowly forming between the two stars. That said, what you get in this movie does not have so much similarity to Hitchcock's classic thrillers, although these elements are very present, but the ubiquitous vision of a modern city (in this case Paris ) where life ranges from mundane work days to a frantic and overflowing nightlife where sex, drugs and laundered money infiltrate the lives of many characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological suspense where people look like ordinary men and women in the street, where a punch to the face or groin sounds like a thud and where the office is a place to fear. It's Hitchcock without gloves.
