The design of the film seems to be the alpha and omega of some of the major problems of this country (United States). We see relationships throughout the university setting for the film. It is obvious that the evidence of the students v. the teacher is present. But what the film adds to its value are its other relationships: men against men. female, white black, and the individual v.s. society. But the most important of all and in direct relationship with all other relationships is the individual vs. himself. <br /> <br /> I was stunned to see how the director gave a bilateral point of view to show interracial relations on campus. Most movies usually show injustices on one side while showing the suffering of the other. This film showed injustice and suffering on both sides. He did not try to show if either was right, although I would say that the skin heads were shown much more cruel and vindictive (pretty obvious towards the end). The film also discusses sex and rape. It is ironically this injustice which, in some respects, unites the two races for a time. Lawrence Fishburne makes an outstanding performance as a sagacious Profesor Phipps. It destroys the idea of ​​racial favoritism and instead shows the parallelism of lazy and untamed, industrious and positive. The other stars who make this movie are Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Jennifer Connelly. Michael Rapaport gives an excellent portrait of a confused young man with a misplaced anger who seeks to be accepted. Tyra Banks makes her film debut and proves that models can act. <br /> <br /> Higher Education takes its name from the fact that it shows the college that it is not enough to go to class to get a piece of paper. In fact, I would say that the film is almost a satire by showing that students interact with each other, rather than just a book, as a true education in a university. It's a learning process of life, not a textual process. I think you will find that "higher education" is about the important problems of many universities and even life in general. 8/10
