"The Blob" is considered a sci-fi cult film not only because it launched Steve McQueen, 27, on the road to fame, but also because he exploited the popular themes of the invasion extraterrestrial and juvenile delinquency inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson's scenario ever refers to the red-colored amorphous protoplasm that collapsed on Earth in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania on a Friday. evening under the name of "The Blob". Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, former West's bounty hunter, in "Wanted: Dead or Alive", after producer Dick Powell watched the release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend, Aneta Corsaut, played in the film "The Andy Griffith Show" alongside Andy Griffith in the role of sheriff Taylor's girlfriend Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but then real teens rarely played the real teenager. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., debuted as a director with "The Blob". The Linaker & Simonson scenario synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; second, adolescent delinquency; third, a mysterious murder, and fourth; a horror cooler. Moreover, while the gelatinous substance has different forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the eponymous Jell-O does not speak or communicate telepathically. Instead, he kills without scruple and does not discriminate against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious despite its somewhat campy nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point out at the release of Criterion DVD of "The Blob", the film opens in an unusual way for a horror thriller with our hero and our heroine in a locality rural isolated where we discuss and embrace. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor fall to the ground and go get it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and pushes it with a stick. The meteor splits and a sticky group of fists stick to the stick. When the old man (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") leans closer to him, the toad is fixed to his hand. The old man runs screaming from the crater and Steve almost hits him with his bullet. Steve and Jane take the guy and take him to see Dr. Hallen in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is about to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Hallen phones his nurse to come back because he may need an amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything comparable to the stuff on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes come up against another group of teenagers who ridicule Steve's fast driving. Steve deceives him in a race in the opposite direction, but the local police chief, Dave (Earl Rowe), drops him. Steve and the teenagers visit the meteor crater site and find the hot remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing a dog, the teenagers broke up for a spooky movie late into the night while Steve and Jane went back to Dr. Hallen's office. In the meantime, the blob completely absorbed the old geezer, killed Hallen's nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid sprayed on protoplasm nor the Hallen shotgun has any effect on gout. Steve glimpses absorbing blob Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police to report the incident, Dave is incredulous, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert has an ax for teens because his wife died when a car hit his car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane drive them to Hallen's office, but they can not find anyone's skin or hair, but Dave admits the office has been vandalized. Against the sergeant According to Bert's advice, Dave confides the teenagers to their respective parents. As soon as Steve and Jane persuaded their parents to believe they were asleep in bed, they ventured again. They arrive in town and see the dog of the old man who escaped from them in front of a supermarket. When they pick up the dog, Steve stands in front of the electric grocery door and it opens. They do not find anyone inside, but they meet the blob. Steve and Jane took refuge in a freezer and the blob did not attack them. Later, after their escape, Steve persuades teenagers who challenged him during a street race to alert the authorities because he is supposed to be at home in bed. Police Chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. At this time, the blob kills the theater projectionist and attacks the audience. Suddenly, a horde of people come out of the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane meet at a lunch counter where the blob attacks. The owner and our heroes are hiding in the cellar and Steve discovers that an ice-cold fire extinguisher is forcing the stain to retreat. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in town and manage to freeze the stain. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remains of the drop slide to the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a giant and ghostly question mark. Producer James B. Harris made a military report on a Globe military transport aircraft dropping the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved to be a scathing hit and the rise of Steve McQueen gave the film added momentum. Unless you're a minor, this little horror movie is not scary, but Yeaworth and her writers create enough paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the blob really assimilating its victims and leave that to your imagination, so that "The Blob" does not lack a minimum of subtlety.
