I had been watching this for a number of years now on a Sicilian television channel that has disappeared today; surprisingly, the film appeared as a very expensive DVD of Criterion: not knowing exactly what I had done at the beginning (despite the fact that I became cult over the years, the achievement itself is clearly seen with modesty , even by genre lovers), do not make the purchase ?? as I did with the same and, for me, unknown. FIEND WITHOUT A FACE (1958). Recently, however, I managed to acquire THE BLOB via a copy of the Spanish DVD which, interestingly, focused on the two audio commentary tracks of Criterion's "Special Edition" - but, unfortunately, I could not disable the Spanish subtitles during playback. reading the main feature! Anyway, watching the movie again, I was surprised to see how much I enjoyed the movie (despite many narrative errors that I will discuss later). as a pure example of schlockiness 'B-movie' (atypically shot in a nice color) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male lead role was one of Steve McQueen's leading roles and although the actor may have looked at him afterwards with disdain, his only contribution to the genre proves to be quite appealing: he is not afraid of juvenile kicks but remains essentially decent (and more importantly, an altruistic child). The special effects of the slimy, expanding creature are not too bad in their day and age; the film itself reaches a good climax ?? starting with the invasion of a movie theater by the monster (showing DAUGH OF HORROR [1953/7], as I mentioned recently in the review of this film, but curiously projected "returned" and whose sequence would be elsewhere presented at the opening of an Italian satirical program actually called "Blob"!). Regarding the minor certainties I have with the film: the monster is not shown on a trip ?? he shows up at various places and is never seen by anyone! there is a disconcerting insistence (equivalent to padding) on ​​the children's abrasions with the police; it's silly to have the city doctor shoot at The Blob ?? as if the fluid, whatever its proportion, could be destroyed by bullets! It is just as foolish to make teens alert city dwellers of the danger by making house calls (especially considering that at this point only McQueen had actually seen the monster in action)! A lower sequel emerged in 1972, called BEWARE THE BLOB! the original was then redone in 1988 ?? I watched it not so long ago, but it does not seem to have left me with a lasting impression (although I know Micheal Elliott loves it). For the record, I will follow this session with two other collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
