Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have propelled French director Claire Denis to the rank of the most prestigious directors in the world. His 2004 film, The Intruder, adds to the depth of his portfolio. A cinematic poem evoking loneliness and loss, the film offers a glimpse of the psyche of a man who is physically and mentally degraded and who travels to various parts of the world in search of redemption and peace, but finds it hard to find . Based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoir on a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of opacity so implacable that even after two views, it is difficult to describe it other than by subjective and impressionistic terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventy-year-old man who is about to die of heart disease and who, like Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries teacher, tries to overcome the mistakes of his life while he has the time. It is clear that he is physically robust and very rich, but he seems emotionally exhausted and his face is resigned. Although we saw only one episode of violence, where he got up in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, he had a sinister sense. He can be an intelligence agent, a foreign agent or a hitman. <br /> <br /> Anyway, he is apparently being watched and acting like a man involved in criminal acts and only now able to see the consequences. The close-ups of the face throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a hut in the Jura mountains, near the French-Swiss border, and has a separate son, Sidney (Gregory Collin) whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a moving scene, he meets his father in the street and treats him crazy, but that does not stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> At the opening of the film, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss. border guard, who gets on board a van with a dog trained to find contraband. When she returns home, she is greeted by her husband who insolently asks her if she has "something to declare?" Apart from these three people, the characters and circumstances we saw during the rest of the film may only exist in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bamboo) who prepares his medication, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes away. going on a trip telling him that they are as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ trafficker (Katia Golubeva) to whom he says he wants a "young man's heart". <br /> <br /> Relentlessly, she watches him all along the film but it is apparently only in his mind. In the last part of the film, Louis goes to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and Tahiti to offer a gift to another son he has not seen for many years or that he may have never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life was fascinating but ultimately directionless, penetrating the lives of others with little real empathy. The Intruder contains a bewitching guitar soundtrack by Tindersticks band Stuart Staples, reminiscent of Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man guitar riff, and a superb photograph of Denis Godard's acclaimed actress Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable mood pictures of nostalgia and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, a baby in a sling looking at his father for a good two minutes, the baby's expression gradually changing from morose to a half-smile, colorful streamers blowing from a newly baptized ship, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse and the vast expanse of ocean seen from the deck of a moving ship. While The Intruder can be frustrating because of its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to react from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is a theme, an indication could be found in the opening that tells us what is revealed piecemeal in the film - "your worst enemies are hiding, in the shadows, in your heart".
