My vision of this, at our local festival where people saw me so often, thought I was a better source than I had been, started by shaking their head: "Well, I can not summarize the intrigue, but it's really beautiful character study of an extremely scary man. "Then, slightly embarrassed, I came across a person who really knew what had happened, that is to say who Trebor involuntarily pulls his new heart. It was my last film of a long day in the middle of the festival. I might have nodded. The more powerful a film is, the more likely it is to trigger waking dreams that make me dream. I do not know I knew there was an O'Henry mistake just beyond my childhood when things ended. And knew that it had to do with the heart, hence the search for discreetly hilarious talents. My remark about the loss of the plot was more about the subtleties of Trebor's relations in France, his relationship with the bitch, etc., things for which I had been awake. Denis barely glances at the details that could have anchored the treatment of another director. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often from memory, especially festival films, movies I do not have the DVD (The Milk of Human Tenderness is an example among others.), and plot problems fade much faster than larger prints. Yet, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is above all a study of character on a sort of superman on the dark side, a super-demon not hiding in a genre or historical vestiges, but active and plausible, at the sweet voice, motivated but patient, just among us. The scar, once it has arrived, makes of him, visually I mean, in image, a sort of hybrid monster of Frankenstein, crazy doctor and creation in one. Current doctors are his tools. If he did not extract and install the heart itself, it is only because it is not possible. He is the force, always, the parasite devouring everyone and finally himself. What else is it? It is too simple to suggest that he is us, the First World against the Third, since he does not feed on his comrades in the First World, on all of us. <br /> <br /> The eye of Denis' camera - when he looks familiar - usually goes where mine would like, so I tend to trust him when she looks at things I do not know. Trekking on snow, bike too fast and darkness of the forest that I knew in a modest way, but not at all the South Seas, so I penetrated better in L'Intrus, both in France and in the crystalline islands of its finish, only in Beau Travail. The Intruder is for me a film very comfortable and uncomfortable. It is a sequence of places depicted in a familiar way, with intimacy that allows us to know them, whether we have seen the reality or not. A single image, Trebor cycling, his enormous weight on the thin racing frame, the sounds of broken air and screaming tires, the asphalt tape, the dark evergreen trees under a bright sun, let me suppose that the movie would be linear, a road. trip, a single push of will. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, but apparently he has not always been. His body aborts twice life, first to need a new heart, then in spite of himself. The Intruder is a tragedy. Trebor is a pride. <br /> <br /> I navigate dangerously in the thread of my memories. Leave that to that.
