Sammo Hung's 1989 film Pedicab Driver is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to admit that to a certain extent, the film in its most awesome parts is really as incredible and fantastic as any movie in Hong Kong. It's a combination of fairly good and well-written drama, interesting and friendly (and also unattractive) characters, a really funny humor and a really exaggerated hyper kung fu that will guarantee the fall of many jaws when someone one is unfamiliar. with Hong Kong cinema watching the film as well as for the experienced enthusiasts of this unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the central part of the last century, I think. They drive their taxi and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi), while one day, Max meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying which he falls head over heels in love. Many other characters are also presented, and remain clear enough all the time if the viewer really focuses on the film and its plot, so I can not say that the film is confusing, because it could be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! For example, we quickly learn that a family of ruthless gangsters is terrorizing the neighborhood and that their violent actions also affect our protagonists. This is how the basic principle of some of the most incredibly choreographed kung-fu combat sequences was created. As well as beautiful dramas. <br /> <br /> The film has an excellent distribution. Leads are all very good and content (for example, not as terribly horrible about comedians and "humor" as in Sammo's big Eastern Condors, for example) and they are too, thanks to the carefully written script, enough friendly and easy to identify with. The cast includes many famous faces and filmmakers from Hong Kong such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and director of such films as Soul Savior 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1). 2), Lowell Lo Koon-Ting, talented composer (John Woo's The Killer and School on Fire and Ringo Lam's Prison on Fire among others, including Pedicab Driver!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo fights furiously with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (the director of the classic Black HK Black On the Run 1988), the late great Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in various horror films / kung-fu / HK vampire comedies), to name a few. In fact, the cast of Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've ever seen in another HK production. <br /> <br /> The film contains interesting moments of peace, especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie. Yuen and a crisis they face with the character of Lowell Lo. They could really have done that as a completely serious article if they wanted to. Discussions about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you did to live, become so serious and truly effective in the middle the film immediately becomes much more remarkable than our average actor of the kung show fu. In addition, the efforts of other characters to heal things are very touching and say a lot about good relationships and friendship, and of course about love. I still think that what Fennie says to Max (about the future "bad kitchen") is very useless and weakens the potential of the whole segment and its themes, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But we come to the thing that most interested directors. It is action, scandalous and disproportionate action. The fighting scenes include traditional kung-fu, sticks, meat cleavers, etc., and they are used here as hysterically as in the most breathtaking kung fu scene I've ever seen in a movie, Drunken Master II by Jackie Chan (1994). they are really great! There are wires and they are used very intelligently and people literally fly into the opposite corner of the room when they are hit or hit. Simply amazing and one more thing that only Hong Kong cinema can offer. Dangerous stunts also inspire the viewer to hold their breath, as the film features a fast track chase against pedicab and various dangerous jumps as well as twisted bodies flying through the air and crushing forcefully toward the difficult destination. Yet the filmmakers do not seem to "accept" the violence of the film, because Sammo is, like the late Bruce Lee, willing to surrender after the last murderous chaos at the gangster's villa, and I think that kind of moral, little imported. its obviousness or superficiality is a good thing, even in a harmless film like this one, because cinema is supposed to be much more than brainless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also contains some very witty excerpt humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or like at all. The hilarious Star Wars gag at the beginning is certainly among these and it literally forced me to laugh when I realized what I saw. Plus, some fun scenes come from Sammo's passion for Ping. Despite everything, the greatest wonder laughter took place in the scenes described in the former pharagraph, while the imagery of big and tall men flying with great force on the screen walls or furniture is simply INSANE and breathtaking, I can not hide my feelings and feelings. My thoughts on these oriental filmmakers when I witness this kind of thing, and it's nothing less than positive and appreciative reactions, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most incredible Hong Kong action movies I have ever seen and easily among the greatest achievements of Sammo. If the few minor flaws were not there, it could be even brighter and higher. 8/10
