It's a sweet and easy comedy of the 1950s. Kim Novak belongs to a group of witches in Manhattan. She casts a spell on her neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom but eventually falls in love with him, losing his powers. You see, witches are allowed to have "hot blood" but not to like. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is his brother, ditto. Hermione Gingold is the main witch and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author specializing in witch writing. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy from the 1950s because it could not be confused with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decoration of the decor to the performance through the wardrobe and the plot. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is called "a drunkard and a nut." And here is how the film demonstrates these traits. He asks for a second drink and, although he is still wearing a jacket and a tie like other gentlemen, his hair is a little long and ruffled. It's a strictly 50s version of a drunkard and a nut. Nothing is in its place; everything is tidy and free of dust. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are barely scratched. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where the witches stand. This is called "a low dive." Still, it's a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, a well-dressed crowd and potted plants against bare brick walls. This is not my idea of ​​a "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​diving at Greenwich Village is that of Julius, The White Horse Tavern, The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, which has now gone lesbian meeting place. The Zodiac club is a high dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The fantasy we always hear about is muted by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange because she runs barefoot in her apartment. And she wears a lot of black clothes like the Beatniks of her time. <br /> <br /> But it does not matter. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art store for oppressed people. She has a strange beauty, both voluminous and aerial. She slips rather than walks, a tapered presence. His eyebrows seem drawn with a set of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as a misguided and bewitched victim. In the 1930s, he usually played light roles. In the post-war years and for most of the 1950s, he was the tortured protagonist, but here he is using his early experiences in the field of comedy. Who could resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forced her to wear a shawl and drink a hideous mixture of putrid liquid to cure him of Novak's fate? It is good to see him as a stooge instead of the principled man angry and indignant that he might become. Richard Quine makes the film quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the piece could not have. Note the scene in which Novak casts the spell on Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seem to be confused with the amazing eyes of Novak. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. This evokes the word "surrealism". He could stage five minutes of speechless and indescribable tricks in an empty room, with only Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra as the backdrop. And he made an impeccable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, an erased poet. The credits jump on the Condoli Brothers, but it's rather casual because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with an independent career in jazz ensembles. Tale was later a member of Doc Severison's group in Johnny Carson's Late Show. <br /> <br /> The third act takes off a little and becomes more "romantic" than "comic". But it's never boring. The whole movie runs as well as Van Druten's play and the kids will probably have a good shot too.
