I can watch B, C and C and feel all the emotions I felt when I saw her for the first time at 18 years old. Maybe everyone except one. Certainly, Miss K.Novak has lost none of its silky appeal for almost half a century. Diana Dors des jeunes.All thoughtful young people who are now receiving their pension can briefly find the heart - a boring, a necklace - hugging, a blood-madness they felt when she looked them straight in the eye at the time when they were told they had never been so good. Now, huddled against the cold and fearful of being assaulted by a hoodie, they run home as fast as their arthritic knees can take them out of the Video Shop, relatively happy to have the certainty that in locked triple security of their fourth - in the floor towers, they can only find a small fragment of their lost youth and perhaps reflect on the fact that love is truly eternal. This film is the golden moment of Miss Novak. She grabbed it eagerly and gave a show of incredible pleasure combined with a hypnotic awareness of her own sex appeal and, despite everything, she convinces us that her character has a strange and seductive innocence. She completely dominates the amiable Mr. J. Stewart, who seems resigned to giving him the film. Misses E. Lanchester and H. Gingold offer comical relief alongside Mr. E. Kovacs, whose special talents are strictly prohibited. Mr. J. Lemmon plays the brother of Miss Novak It is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as it realized that its existence was recognized by the general public. Some of the most hardcore rhythms reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later. Mr. Lemmon does not seem too concerned about his detention. But all the rest is just thrift, Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful specter of Technicolor - is the only reason for being "Bell, Book and Candle". She survives, her reputation is enhanced, as the ultimate showcase for The Most Beautiful Women of Hollywood. Loved by moviegoers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate with this enigmatic smile while thinking that old men have the strength to push the "Play" buttons of their DVDs. One day, probably after our departure, she will be discovered by a new generation who will - belatedly - realize that it is quite possible for a woman to be both dressed and sexually attractive.
