"Bell, Book and Candle" by John Van Druten is an enchanting and unexpected fantasy about a coven of modern witches living in New York; it was obviously an attractive movie property. Gillian Holroyd, her former publishing house, Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and entourage, including the betrayed fiancée's fiancée, the detestable Merle Kittredge, will be trying their luck with Shep Gillian. There was even Pyewacket, a Siamese cat who knew the miauds at the right time, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with atrocious pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seemed to his producer, perhaps, the magic of the box office. And it was so. So many things were right about his production, there was only one element that was not perfect; but I found the rest fun, charming and very entertaining. For starters, Daniel Taradash's screenplay kept the best qualities of the theatrical game but opened his scenes in Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinematography of the legendary James Wong Howe, a beautiful score of George Duning, more than smart decorations of Louis Diage and dresses of Jean Louis. Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule Merle, Ernie Kovacs Redlitch, Jack Lemmon Playful Brother Gillia, wonderful actresses Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold, charming actresses Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element of my judgment; he played well with the comic parts of his role, but he was never convincing as a New York book publisher and a little too old for Henderson's role anyway. However, director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, cadence changes and unusually compound shots to indicate the strangeness of the witch parts of the film, the other parts remaining very bright but simple in their presentation. The main crisis of the plot in the film occurs when, in reality, Gillian falls under the spell of Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She simply began to isolate her from her fiancée, her collegiate rival. Later, when Henderson tries to get out, he keeps coming to her - and realizes he's under the spell, as she tried to explain his excuses. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was summoned by a ghostly spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he knows absolutely nothing about magic, but he is quite puzzled and interested to know why he came anywhere; but Gillian's brother lights it up. In the end, all ends well in this romantic satire as Gillian proves his love for Henderson by losing his powers - what happens to witches who really love a mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to resist him. The film has a playful dialogue, a charm and a little "magic" in the magical charm of the witches and torments that Gillian must undergo in her battle with herself and to win the man she loves. A beautiful end to this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes its realism amazing, though fantastic, in my opinion complete. Souvenir deliciously.
