The Bell, Book and Candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in the summer and take on the road. One of the famous stories, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, says that Ginger Rogers insists that his husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, play with her. Marshall wore a forelock and when he walked through a door, he clung to a nail and stayed behind, hanging in the door as he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The piece has been successfully adapted into a beautiful color. featuring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It is a light entertainment, on a family of normal appearances (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is the sensual Gillian, with her soft voice, who would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in her apartment, she charms him with her Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a charming scene that reproduces New York. The movie is very funny. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as a brother of Gillian, a musician in the witch and warlock club. He uses his powers to turn lights on and off and to light an occasional woman. Janice Rule is perfect as Gillian's posh ex-college rival, who is now dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great tour as an eccentric who writes the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, Lanchester Gillian's and Gingold's deaf aunt as a sort of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak suits Gillian well, giving her a witch-like detachment, showing emotion when it's appropriate, and with that voice, that fabulous face and that gorgeous wardrobe, she's certainly magic. Stewart, during his last romantic foray, played alongside Novak as in Vertigo and they form an effective team. It provides warmth, it provides freshness and, one way or another, together, they are sparkling. In this, of course, it is much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A lovely movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good for Christmas (as part of it at Christmas), and great if you want to smile.
