From time to time, you come across a film that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions that leave you tired. Vivah is that right ?? maybe more. After looking at DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood had reached its peak and would never come up with anything like that - NEVER. Boy I was wrong! I went to the store to do some shopping and I decided to go get this movie with the new "DON" (so that I can compare The Great AB to ShahRukh ?? although the decision is already taken in my mind) . After having debated whether to lose almost 3 hours on a meaningless film, I decided to look at it realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw U's ranking instead of an A, I was happy that at least I would not have to look at women who were very well dressed and badly dressed in theater just dancing at every opportunity and talking with each guy showing that they have more skills in bed than a Hollywood actress B. For the first 5 minutes or so, I thought I would be subjected to a meaningless story again with a bad game. actor. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he has never achieved the glory of being an accomplished actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This film caught my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never let go. It was a good movie with a good script about the endangered traditions of our society. I loved not only the director who had the courage to make a film where the younger generation might not understand the concept (of arranged marriage), but also that he did it with conviction (that it was the good thing to do). I do not know why some people think the acting was not good. I felt that the acting was great and although the score might not be considered the best of all time, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow over time, as it did with me after I watched this movie a second time. The other advantage is that your songs are not embedded in the script as we have seen in so many movies. These songs actually tell much of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan went from joking to a great actor (after Company), and Salman found his rhythm after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This film will help Shahid Kappor become one of the best actors and artists of Bollywood. This is the first film of his film in which I like him and his role. He acted well and adapted himself to be the handsome and handsome young rich boy. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring all the points on a dunk as you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (although it is shown that he is an Indian in England, both countries do not). not having a great reputation in basketball), he meets as credible as a person who remains true to his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time, has emerged as a person to remember. In all her other films, she competed with big faces, which bothered her. Nobody knew how good an actress was until they watched this movie. Certain scenes in which she must cry especially towards the end really show her knowledge and the depth of her acting. Although she has been in another movie, she is the most memorable in this one. I think this movie will do and should work wonders for her. To move on Rani ?? Finally, there is another girl who, given a decent chance to work with good directors, can take the torch. She is beautiful with a beautiful voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. Oh, having almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes, the people I'm going to challenge you will find even 0.1% fat on it and unlike so many others like Sonali, it can also act ). I thought I would never be seduced by the beauty of anyone after Madhuri and the beginning of Kajol, but she completely changed that. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship was adapted to their characters. They both did a great job (even though I was waiting for Shahid to become a girl like Salman did every time he said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, I found myself so emotionally exhausted that I decided to see this movie again (right now). Yes right now. I have never done that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something that had to be understood again and again. I will probably watch this film a third time this weekend so I can watch and relive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those moments when families sit and have fun. When parents had time for their children and they respected the values ​​of their parents. I know a lot of people think that the film does not describe the real life, but deep inside us, we do not all want that to happen. Families, tradition, love and respect. That's what this movie will remind us all. I can assure you that it is an extremely well done movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this film, but if you're over 28, I doubt you'll be part of it.
