An absolutely brilliant film! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this final film. It would be banned by the Czechoslovak communist government (at the time), despite the country's highest animation prize. <br /> <br /> In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist is trying to create a new pot for his favorite. plant. He makes his creations with happiness while dreaming that his plant will become a beautiful rose. All of a sudden, he knocks on the door and enters this giant, all-powerful hand, which tries to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists the best he can, but he ends up being overwhelmed by the constant efforts of the hand to force him to comply. He is washing his brain; an intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand attaches strings to the artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to create statues by hand. While glorifying the work of the artist and giving him medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The artist's inner desire to be able to express himself freely is what allows him to overcome his indoctrination and allow him to escape from prison, whether literally or in his mind, and go home, where he must now live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. He locks himself up, thinking that he is out of reach of the all-powerful hand, but he places his plant and his pot high, hoping that he will be out of reach, and that it will eventually fall on its head. To kill him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear with which he had to live once he escaped the strings of the hand. Once dead, the hand describes the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in the circumstances or for the reasons the artist would like to be remembered. <br /> <br /> The condemnation of totalitarian society by Trnka and their lack of rights to freedom of expression are dark, overwhelming and incredibly lively. It's no wonder the government has banned it because it's the kind of media that people may even admire and listen to. It was obviously not acceptable. An amazing example of civil disobedience of artists and the impact that this can have. And still relevant today in many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. To see and define 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a shot!
