At first, I did not like the film because it was a Nazi drama with a swastika. But after buying it and seeing it, it was not so bad. I've heard so many complaints about the short numbers and Ilse Werner's refusal. Now I understand. The radio show was a radio program of super propaganda. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and a band like Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantics ex cetera never appeared on the radio because the singers and bands belonged to the pop jazz and swing categories. The Foot Club had regulated the fact that for visits to the areas occupied by the soldiers, shortwave radios for soldiers as well as discotheques and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg could only record sales. That's why Ilse was not allowed to sing on this picture. This would be composed by the medium-budget musical Were Making Music, 1942, in which she would show her whistle. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympic Games. The aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait for her aunt to come back with the tickets. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with her and it's love at first sight. they intend to marry, but the Spanish war will prevent him and he will have to go on a mission against the right side. Karl Raddatz, so many people complaining about him, was really handsome and not obvious. When he did Opfergang and they put a mustache on him and his own tan that made it quite clear. You see the Nazi soldiers behaving normally, like a scene in which an old butcher and his troops are in France and stealing pigs from a farm and they are about to prepare lunch until their leader proposes to save the pigs. This reflects the extremism of Adolph's animal rights. The character was a butcher now a soldier. It was a subtle gesture against meat consumption. By the end of the 11th World War, Herbert was flying in a German plane. We shot one of the pilots for Herbert to take over. We shoot his plane. They plant themselves. Unfortunately for us, they survived. Another saw the Nazi soldiers surrender in a Catholic church bomb, now he puts the Catholics down, and Hubert's best friend, Helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke begins playing the organ, Beethtoven. . The church is more bombarded as the soldier continues to stay and plays the organ, he is told to leave. We end up hurting him. Propaganda message? The organ of the Catholic Church makes him dependent. He hurt him. See? At that time, Inge is with her mother or grandmother and played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress who played the role of Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. Later, we return to the radio show. It was not meant to be a music journal, as Kora Terry published the same year were as good as Rosen in Tirol, the music as well as their side of the war was so supposed to be that down. It was mostly a romantic war movie. It's easy to shoot at the film's soldier, but in real life, many of these soldiers were forced to fight for the Nazi cause, the cause of work and the monthly salary they would receive. . After the war, many of them survivors would regret it. It's a good classic swastika. The only problem is that today you have neo-Nazi and Nazi skinheads, who have watched the same movies to reflect their Hitlerite cult and theirs. They have disturbing websites that exploit these film classics to raise money for their madness. Beware, most of the time, it's only direct hate of classics. If their scenario makes them feel glorified, it's a Nazi website that skips him. Go to IHF or the German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video Net. They are legitimate. 23/01/10 Mada an error this is not a friend of Herbert who was killed in the church. It was Schartzscop, the friend of the character of Malta Yager.
