Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, they are both leaders in their respective groups; Anton with the massacre of Brian Jonestown and Courtney with the Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals. it is a relationship of hate of love. Sometimes you hear them both praise themselves, but the next second, they complain about their stupidity and self-absorption. While the Dandy Warhols were commercially successful, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for a good reason. <br /> <br /> Dig's attention! is more towards Anton and the BJM because they have much more substance. They are the most dysfunctional group. During the concerts, they will fight and bang. Anton will hit the other members if he feels they are not behaving properly. With the amount of drugs they consume, there was still time to fight. You know how people go to motor racing to see if a huge car accident occurs; that's why people went to their concerts, for the fighting. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of himself as a messiah of music, he wants to change his music and create a revolution, but he could never go out of hiding. He is a very talented musician, it is incredible the number of instruments he can play and with such skill. But his disadvantage is that he can not escape the world he has created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole drug, alcohol and depression. On the other side, the Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They do not meet much success with their first album and compete constantly with their label. But they have been a huge success in Europe. But Courtney continues to be sucked into Anton's world. It is interesting to note that Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented like Anton, although Anton does not say it, he needed the commercial success of the Dandy to make his revolution. <br /> <br /> During his seven years of training, the film crew followed these two groups, there are many sequences. There is never a moment of trouble in Dig! He is constantly evolving because he does not have time to slow down because he has too much to say, seven years of storytelling in one hour and 45 minutes is hard work. Ondi Timoner has managed to bring together one of the best musical documentaries that makes you want to have more. Even if you do not like groups, it still deserves to be watched; he transcends music to reveal a beautiful story of successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
