Excellent documentary, apparently about the friendship and rivalry that followed between two West Coast retro rock'n'roll bands: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre. It is actually the portrait of a borderline psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a music documentary, there is almost no music. What is there - pieces of songs, most often aborted by the performers - is incidental rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but rather about a particularly American version of a British comic-book lifestyle myth that no one should take responsibility for behaving at all. full time like spoiled teenagers. Anger, drugs, violence, extremely dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic scale - all these are excused or encouraged in a positive way because they are consistent with a shared idea of ​​what the rock'n'roll. As a film, it's a first-rate documentary, but it raises more questions than it solves. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and scandalous (and he is wild and scandalous), his music never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his 60s idols (The Stones, Velvets, etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments has never bothered to learn to play any of them beyond the most rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhols' burning ambition is based on a surprisingly fossilized vision of rock'n'roll in 1969. Nothing to say about pastiches, of course, but the musical life is not just a perpetual perpetuation of a cartoon of the late 60s. Why do not they take some risks with their music - like their models? Because, one suspects, it is not about music. Music is only an accessory, an accessory, or an excuse to lead a completely dysfunctional and irresponsible life. But why? In the Dandy Warhols case, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. Big deal. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He obviously has a lot of talent, but whenever he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terrified of success and at the same time deeply feels the pain of anyone, especially his old friends the Dandy Warhols. Fascinating film. Highly recommended.
