A documentary about two rock bands, spanning several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of complex contrasting personalities and the paradoxes of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man of the Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius. his colleagues, his friends and his rivals, the Dandy Warhols, but also record producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately, he and the members of his group are also unable to integrate into the real world. Newcombe chooses to fight with members of the band on stage or with members of the public (being arrested at some point for kicking a fan's head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? he plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all the music of BJM, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in one day, has a prophetic obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a big drug user , outrages the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, orders the members of his group to act as if they were inferior life forms, and can do business as quickly as he does. BJM goes through a lot of record companies in quick succession ?? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize he's totally out of control. <br /> <br /> The Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe's creativity and do not even put themselves in the same sphere of exalted greatness ?? but the Warhols have something that BJM does not have? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their market ?? as a mix of talent (although much of it comes from the Newcombe guru) and accessibility, they are the very definition of "cool". Dig! follows the parallel careers of both groups with increasing intensity. At one point, Newcombe fires stunts designed to generate publicity by sending apparent death threats and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box containing real ammo and insults like a bar of soap 'to clean up their act ') ?? only he forgets to tell them that it is a waterfall and that they become so paranoid that they take a restraining order against Newcombe. As the Dandy Warhols take off in Europe with hits like "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is increasingly isolated. BJM are arrested and the group separates when they are arrested for possession of marijuana ?? Warhols get stuck for drugs at about the same time, drop with a warning and are even allowed to keep the turf. <br /> <br /> The broader appeal of DiG! Are engineering lessons versus accessibility going well beyond two groups or even rock music? The disadvantage is that it is always a documentary, even intimate, that will generally appeal only to moviegoers or people who are already interested in the music of one or both groups presented. Newcombe may be a largely unknown genius, and the film gives a glimpse of that, but at the hearing, there is little more than the assertions of the interviewees to attest to that. According to one of the group members: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell for claiming to be God and not being able to save it." Newcombe does not pretend ?? but numerically, there may not be enough people left to enjoy it during his lifetime, and DiG! fierce struggle to rectify the balance in favor of a genius tortured but largely unknown.
