I watched this movie with all my family from Nine. Since my younger brother recently married, we could connect with what is happening. The film is distinguished by the classic touch given to the romance of fiancés. Fortunately, this time, all the Indian places like Ranikhet Almora, etc. have already been used, which have already been visited by most city dwellers, which reinforces the link with the film. The dialogues are much better than those of "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a film supposedly based on dialogue. Background music increases the "soft focus" of the film. It kind of reminds me of VV Chopra's "Kareeb", in which neha and, to a certain extent, Bobby have done the character justice. Idem here, in that the pair in mind does not disappoint any aspect or action of the department. The secondary actors are too good. I note that the actress plays the role of Bhabhi in the first division. The situations of family interactions described are real and you smile when you find yourself in the shoes of one of the characters. The songs suited the scenes too well and went well with the movie. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work ranging from movies to Ramayana, Ram Laxman was sorely missed. <br /> <br /> There was no double meaning (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue and no nonsense. . You would watch the movie comfortably with your parents unless you are already or if you will be soon engaged. I want to say frankly that if Suraj proposes that marriages take place between families and not just individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. The film only concerns Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are incidental. Art imitating life? "Peripheral characters" are written in the background and the only protagonists are the main pair. <br /> <br /> On the way back, everything was almost brilliant. Except for the drama. The tragedy situation was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the change of heart that follows are not convincing. That's why he misses the emotional punch - the very purpose of this turn of events. But it took a turn in the story to transcend the film of a beautiful pre-marital video to a "feature film". But I kept waiting for the punch and he never came. The preaching of Mohnish Bahal and later of Alok Nath on the dowry was out of place and it made things too excessive. Maybe it will help the film to be tax free. But the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There was also a question in my mind at the end of the movie: 1 Is the movie really finished? 2 Is the film finished?
