<br /> <br /> I'm sure things did not happen in exactly the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as in the film adaptation of his book Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky "(an anagram of the title of the book) is enough to stay alone. I have not read Hickam's memoirs, but I can always appreciate and understand their adaptation to the film. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of the teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which begins in October 1957. It begins with the sound of a radio program that presents information from the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see images of a gray-blue city and its inhabitants: mostly miners working for the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners listens to the information on a portable radio when he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as he disappears in the dark, losing sight of the starry sky above him. A melancholy air of violin fades with this image. We then hear a shock of Elvis on a car radio while words on the screen tell us the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football attempts. Football scholarships are the only way out of the city and working in the mines for these boys. "Why are athletes the only ones who can go to university," wonders Homer. Roy Lee responds: "They are also the only ones to have girls." Homer does not succeed in football like his big brother. He is therefore destined for mines and to follow in his father's footsteps as a mine foreman. Until he sees the point of light crossing the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and her mother's gate (Natalie Canerday), Homer asks the help of the nerdy Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer answered quickly: "All". Her science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern), supports Homer a lot. The four boys are building rockets in the basement of Homer. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time rocketing, that coal mines matter little. Coal mining is used to make steel and without steel, the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most poignant relationships I've ever seen in a film. Miss Riley presents Homer with the idea of ​​attending a local science fair, with a chance to see the nationals and win a collegiate scholarship. "You can not just dream of getting out of Coalwood," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on the rockets, improving the models with each attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances of winning this science fair," O'Dell asks Homer in one of their most desperate moments. "One million against one," Homer replies. "Its good?" O'Dell answers, "Well, why did not you tell him?" The music, composed by Mark Isham, expresses both sadness and hope, particularly sad as Homer descends into the pit of the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalwood. The 1950's rock and roll, which includes songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushes instrumental pieces aside to create a light atmosphere that contrasts the lives of teens with minors. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to define atmospheres and symbolize them. The city of Coalwood, filmed in Tennessee, is bathed in bruises, grays and browns. It's as if the grime of coal sticks to everything: faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a bright red convertible stops to ask the boys for advice, it is obvious that they come from outside the Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The book on the design of guided missiles that Miss Riley gives to Homer is red. The red stands out enough from the blue-gray world of Coalwood to symbolize "going out", but it remains subtle. The reds are ephemeral allusions to a world that Homer dreams of only. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope, and tenacity as Homer Hickam, that it is hard to believe that he is not the real Homer we see in the actual footage at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also extremely credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize, or simply will not admit, that the mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and all those who encourage him in building his rocket, know that the city is dying. With the disintegration of the community, the only way to stay together is to come together for rocket boy demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things did not go exactly as the movie describes them, but what would a film be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" just has enough to make an excellent movie and enough brutes to make it real.
