October Sky is a popular movie and it's easy to understand why. The story is easy to understand and there are lots of twists to do, the actors and actresses do a pretty good job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and that's a story true. Frankly, I think the director's achievement is not comparable to the sparks and heat generated by the original story. We do not see any special narration or cinematography; the power of the film rests heavily on the captivating plot and the difficult situation in which the young hero is trapped, that is to say that most of the spectators will identify with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to gain recognition from his father and create his own future, and his resilience deserves our respect. "Sky of October" reminds me of a more recent Japanese production, in 2001, of the series ¡Rocket Boy, which could probably be inspired by this film. In fact, these two works from two different cultures offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky unravels the story of a young man who loudly claims his right to his own destiny, "Rocket Boy" offers a more compromised description that could at times be a harsh criticism of modern society. Featuring emeritus actor Yuji Oda, "Rocket Boy" focuses on three men as ordinary as he can be: a travel agent dreaming of becoming an astronaut, a pretentious advertising agent who is about to The inferiority complex is the result of the extreme success of his father and older brother (like what Homer feels in his family) and of an employee of a food company who is about to to marry, but who is afraid of this idea. The social consciousness collected superimposes its definition of success on its constituents and goes even further to force them to stifle their dreams by claiming them "impossible". To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works for the tour operator because ... he's called "Galaxy". When his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave, he finally finds strength in the words of his father, who had decided to become a sailor but later found life at sea less attractive. he had presumed. "But I do not regret it," his father told Kobayashi, "at least I tried." This is his father's admission that encourages him to resign from his job and apply to astronauts, despite the fact that he is injured in the legs and must move in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts eventually fail and he returns to the travel agency. But his "courage" inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is at work as a camp guide in the space to allow children to learn about astronauts. At the end of the visit, we see him leaning against a tree and unfolding a poster that he tears from the bulletin board: "Astronauts Wanted for 2004." Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs, while laughing. a child watching his ticket for Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and does it right. This series is so poignant that the hero does not expose any heroic act, but his banality and his unstoppable need to realize his dream that we ask and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and they do what they can despite the opinion of others. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are nine to five, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have their data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
