This is a story that tells the story of a teenager, Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal town in West Virginia, where a boy's usual fate was to "end up in the mines ". But Homer had his eyes fixed on the sky and his love for flying rockets, to the dismay of his father foreman of the mines and the dismay of the general population. Unsure of himself, he and three of his friends, also excluded, start making rockets, which they launch from a piece of barren land eight miles from the city, so as not to terrorize the community with their rockets often wandering. Unfortunately, most of the city's residents, and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people become intrigued and soon begin to go out en masse to watch the "Rocketboys" send their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) from high school understands their efforts and lets them know they could become contenders at the National Science Fair through university scholarships. Now, the gang must learn to perfect their art and overcome the many problems they face in their quest for stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" which certainly surpasses all his other films. "October Sky" is undoubtedly his best effort and obviously his best film. It's not just a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a film, it has all that is needed for a high-level cinema. And with Johnston's extraordinary leadership, there is exceptional performance. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this movie was released and it gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, also gives a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and she is beautiful too. Even the rest of the performances are extremely good. The bottom score was good. Extremely inspiring film, which raises your spirit up the sky. One of those films that will definitely inspire you all your life. An incredible inspiring movie with a lot of entertainment. Do not miss.
