A simple and effective film about life, meeting the challenges. Homer and his friends have put a lot of nerve to be able to become men without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that goes from father to son, become a miner in the local mine and never get out of this destiny. Homer and his friends also had to face three different challenges to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial satellite ever built, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of humanity, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. Then comes the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and design a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could collect in the form of books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists, refuses and tries to push you back into the pack, even with a sudden accident that forces you to return to the pack for survival reasons, and even then, Homer has proved that he had the courage to endure the challenge that for a moment blocked his own plans and dreams. But there is another aspect of the story about which the film does not insist enough. Homer is the project leader, but he is also the inspiration he needs, as well as his friends. If he is going to get the university scholarship, because his friends have given him priority, his friends will also be able to borrow their own roads and tracks and get out of the fate of the mining industry, thanks to the energy of his inspiring example comes before their eyes. It is sometimes difficult not to follow the example of one who is like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resisted this dream because for him science was not the plot of a real man, like mines or football. The fate of the working class, so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in certain regions, is too often imposed by the traditional thinking of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes a huge trap. Here too, the film is effective and should make some parents think. This was perhaps the fourth challenge Homer faced: the challenge of taking a route that was not the one indicated and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
