I had lost confidence in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon, and a year ago I saw some promos for Vivah that looked good. But I did not want to waste my hard-earned money by watching him at the movies. When the movie was released on DVD, I rented it and watched it. I loved the movie and picked up my lyrics for Sooraj. I just finished watching the movie yesterday and this time, I thought I should see this movie again. Sooraj R. BarjatyaI did not quite understand this time, okay, I was not a big fan of Ke Hai Kaun's Hum App. But I always liked Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya for me, I think that Vivah is the best work of Barjatyas. I almost never cry in a movie but this film made me want to cry. If you've ever been in love before, there will be many moments that will touch you in this film, the film is too cute and you will fall in love with this movie, my opinion is very underrated. <br /> The story of this film could be described as desi and very old days, but it seemed modern to me because the two couples who contract an arranged marriage are aware that it is an old tradition. This is happening nowadays, many people do not believe in this arranged marriage, but I believe it. The journey between the engagement and the wedding will always be special and this film clearly shows it. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show him how it is and that's the reality and my parents said that's how they got married and that it was so real that people meet in this movie. This is how most marriages occur. It was very nice, you feel nervous but excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. To come back to the story, it is a trip that will quickly clutter you between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. A turning point occurs in this film which is really good, the last 30 minutes you will all reach for the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so amazing is the chemistry that exists between Prem and Poonam. the other is too kind. Simple Boy and Simple Girl, when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe". It's very nice to watch. She says almost nothing and Prem speaks honestly with her about his past, about the girl he loved and about him. smoking. Then it brings them all to a family trip and then they really fall in love with each other. This just makes you want to watch the couple and watch every sweet moment he has. Another factor is that Poonam Chichi is really mean to her and that you feel sorry for Poonam because she has been badly treated and makes you want to see her happy and when she ends up finding happiness, you also start to feel happy with her. fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness with Prem, you want her to stay happy and hope that everything goes well, because the character is presented as a sweet and simple girl. What brings me to the performances and Amrita Roa as a Poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work until the date you fall in love with this innocent character and push her in search of happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also amazing, he is the support of Poonam in the movie, he is his happiness in the movie, together they share an incredible chemistry and I have never seen a more cute couple since SRK and Kajol . If Ishq Vishk did not ask you to tell you how cute they are, it surely will be. "Mujhe haq hai" the song and before that is an incredible chemistry they show. The scenes that touched me are Prem's, when he takes Poonam to his room and shows him that's where they'll stay. He opens it and they have a moment between them that is too nice. Again, if you've ever been in love with someone who has so many scenes you can connect to. The movie is just the sweetest thing you can see. <br /> <br /> The direction is perfect, for me a good movie is basically something that can attract me and prevent me from believing what we see during these hours here are fake and a camera classifies them . For me, this film attracted me and during these three hours, I felt really connected to the film. The songs that you will really enjoy only when you have seen the movie because they are songs placed in the situation after I saw the movie I played the songs all the time! The music is amazing, the story is just amazing too. What can I ask for more? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, we rarely get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you. Seen, it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It's basically the most beautiful trip of all time, it basically shows you that they're traveling between engagement and marriage and that many people say it's the best part of your life. Well, this movie shows how people really say? Why do people really say that travel is so amazing! Watch this movie and you will understand why the trip is amazing!
