Looking at commercials for this movie, I was pretty sure I was going to hate it. On the one hand, it was one of those "vaguely novel-based" films, which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it, and refused to associate with the film. movie. Worse still, the trailer showed only the most banal slapstick imaginable (ex: a kid is squirting in the face with a garden hose ... and falls on it). So when my little brother had the idea that it was the "must see" movie of the season (of course, he thought the same thing about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully" , "Monster House", etc., etc.), certainly, I was less than pleased. <br /> <br /> But once at the theater, the film convinced me for various reasons. First and foremost, screenwriters capture the "child dialogue" better than any children's movie I have ever seen. An excellent example of this comes immediately after the principal of the boys has accidentally eaten a worm stuck in an egg omelette. The boys make a lame and exaggerated impression of the master who animates them, which makes it realistic because all the little children think (wrongly) that they make big mocking expressions of their adult tormentors. Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say," Alley or fake "?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughs loudly. Not an overly witty replica, but exactly the kind of thing that a young child would propose on the spot and the kind of remark that other children of his age would find hilarious. As if to confirm, my brother laughed well when they were spoken on the screen; I could practically hear his voice coming out of exactly the same line if he was in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason the film works is that screenwriters can solve problems such as bullying, sibling relationships, new kids in school and peer pressure / compliance without giving the impression of being secondary intrigue for some after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely bad, but not pure evil, and as his audience proves, the public feels sympathy for him and understands his intimidating origins. Nor is there any moment when the music is dramatic where Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes that he is a complete tool for his younger brother, Woody, and yet, at the end of the film, a minor transformation has been realized. There is a certain realism in the way the characters solve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of it comes as an idiot. <br /> <br /> The only drawback of the film is the following: an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" would make fun of. Why oh why was it put in the movie ?? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) remove a Macaulay Culkin and refuse to take the role if he did not have a vehicle to show his impressive dancing skills? The entire sequence certainly did not have to be there and was slightly less comical than any show on The History Channel. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was excellent, and the length (about hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best realistic live action movies you've ever seen, whether you're with kids or remembering a kid's life.
