I have never seen such a film before. I was on the edge of my seat and I was laughing all the way through the movie. I never thought that such a horrible acting game existed, it was too funny. The story behind the film is correct but the movie scenes can not represent them. I've never seen such a stupid film in my life, so I think it's worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 as being the most pathetic movie ever created, this movie seems to have been created only to become a junk. I mean that the scenes seem so wrong and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You'll have a kick watching how lame this movie is, my friend and I could not stop making jokes during the movie, the type of darthvader trying to upset the girl did not crash twice and the second time he crashed. it looked like he had said sh! # although he does not speak english lol. If you watch this movie, you will think that all the other movies you do not like and take for granted are much better than that. This film must be seen by curiosity as well as by the kind of movie DEFINES lame. The evil snake met the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil snake roared and let it roar and let it go away every time. The evil snake was so lucky that God was trying to say, hurry to eat the girl, how many miracles do you want. The transition between the scenes lets you ask if something escaped me? So many conspiracy holes from one scene to another. I laughed like crazy when they decided "Escape To Mexico" to escape the snake. Hmmmm, hopping the border will save you from a Korean snake? interesting ... very interesting ... I guess crossing the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely amazed me ... they met for the first time and they had a romantic scene at the beach, they kissed and they did not even know each other ... the scene was so cliché and it was without substance at least in other movies that may seem logical afterwards, but I mean they met each other even if they were reincarnating their feelings, it was as if they were liked instantly instead of growing rather. Anyway, this movie is worth watching for you to open your eyes and see the light. The bad Hollywood movies will seem like a paradise if you compare them to that. In the end, it's worth watching that you will not be bored and that you will be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
