"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about a winner of a contest including a contract to make films in Hollywood, only to find the way to the celebrity is paved with traps or nonexistent. . In fact, while I was watching Turner Classic Movies tonight, I wondered if the authors of the newest musical classic "Singing In The Rain" might have picked up some of their ideas in "Hollywood Hotel," including a character star in a movie studio and a conclusion about a person singing a movie score, while another got the merit by speaking on screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of 1930s filming Louella Parsons herself playing among the support players (and, despite some of the negative comments I've seen, she has a very ungrateful personality on the screen and a natural mastery of his lines). She is not the only real person in the script. The makeup specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly to try to make one character look like another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan, in a radio interview a film premiere. Reagan is doing pretty well in his brief scenes - especially when he realizes that no one, Dick Powell, is about to take the microphone, when he should be used with larger people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a contract in Hollywood in a contest and leaves his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. By the way, the beginning of this film is quite impressive, as the group is participating in a parade of trucks to say goodbye to Powell. They end up singing "Hooray for Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyrical was left on purpose. Throughout Johnny Mercer's lyrics, there are references to Hollywood like Max Factor, the king of makeup, Rin Tin, and even a hint of Tarzan. But the lyrics of the original song referred to Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers were not going to announce the main character of 20th Century Fox and the name of Donald Duck had been replaced. Be that as it may, the number has shown the best singers and instrumentalists in Goodman's orchestra. Similarly a section of the film five minutes later, where the band repeats. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the group and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) to go to Hollywood, only to realize that he is a contract player. (most likely for musicals involving saxophonists). He is met by Allen Joslyn, the studio's publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not mean, but he's busy and he tends to get rid of people unless it's necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell in a Hollywood Hotel room, where the studio star (Lola Lane) also lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd) and his sensitive but cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain" except that his voice is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, scene flying with ease several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a nice guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when she's not wrapped up in her ego) is fully aware of it. With the intention of being removed from an unusual role she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joslyn finds a double for her (the real life of her sister, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is prepared to star in the first and the follow-up evening. But she attends Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This causes Powell to shoot down Mowbray when he attacks himself. But otherwise, the evening is a success and when the two are together, they start to find themselves attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications occur when Lola returns and slaps Powell in the face, after Mowbray complains of attacking her. Powell ("and his gang of thugs"). Powell's contract is bought back. Working with photographer turned agent Ted Healey (actually, it's not so bad in this movie, he even tries to do a Jolson imitation at some point), both trying to find work, finding themselves employed in a Edgar Kennedy's burger stand (The number of broken dishes and singing guests at the restaurant gives Edgar all the time needed to burn his burns slowly). Finally, Powell gets a "break" by being hired as a singing voice of Dupre in a "Gone With The Wind" scam. This leads to the last section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey give Powell the opportunity to show that it is his voice, not that of Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a very cute and attractive movie, even now. The worst aspects are due to its time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer tolerable (while he was trying to photograph Powell on his arrival in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographed a porter and told Joslyn to be careful, Powell's pictures too dark - you understood the point?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as fashion designer for Lola Lane, who is (shall we say) too tense is not very tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a little too much (too often) but it was really popular in 1937. And an incident where Healey almost got into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last films) is reminiscent of people of the tragic and still mysterious ending of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is pretty good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
