The film begins with a barefoot girl, wearing bright yellow sneakers, looking up at the corner of a Madrid street and fascinated by a plane. The film examines the lives of five women: Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have a completely different life and shoe selection. Their shoes are the first superficial, but yet with a playful meaning, we have clues about their fragile identities. In a theatrically embellished and embellished manner, a chiropodist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's soul through the soles of her feet. The premise is risky and slightly artificial, but the tone and depth of the film make a daring plunge for good. <br /> <br /> What could have been light and superficial, goes quickly to a superb dysfunction Couple scene that leaves the viewer moved for minutes, seeing love or lack of love, pain, confusion, hope, needs and mechanisms of escape develop over the minutes in different rooms of the house and then in the street and finally below ... What scene (!), But there will be some others also effective in following and reinforcing the strong characterization and direction displayed in this life affair. <br /> <br /> On the way, one woman lost her beloved husband and inherited her children and taxi, while another lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually but not physically. A ghost, a divorce pending ?? reproach, regret and remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live life even if it will always be a little hopeless? Yet, do not these hopes and dreams keep us from staying here and in a spectrum of relative happiness? Many deep themes emerge and the final act brings together people and ideas to regroup in an existential crisis without a clear solution, definitive decision or effective healing. Perhaps an elusive thought, an ephemeral feeling, but a lasting appreciation of the film's life, art and intellect. Live. Reliving. Rewind the reel. Reveal the real, the important; the big stones (piedras) of life. The rest are only details.
