I recently returned and watched this movie again not to see it for years. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I saw him again, I could not believe what I had missed all these years. For me to see movies as they are, I think this movie was great. Most people think music is the best part, but I do not think that's the case. Most people do not realize how good the story is because it is judged by the actor. The truth is that no one in the movie really tried to act rather than just being himself. The whole main cast played itself. They were not trying to be someone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> In fact, I watched and analyzed the work and the efforts devoted to the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations presented in the film are based on what was happening musically in Minneapolis at the time and it's most of the events that are happening are actually real events occurring in the career of Prince and who can say it better than others. him? The music that came from the city at the time was beginning to be recognized and to be revolutionary. It was interesting to see how influential the music was, mainly at the "First Avenue and 7th St Entry" club where Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It's also a known fact that Prince and Morris Day have always had a real-life competition, but it was a friendly competition. They have always been friends. So, the story essentially plays on the competition aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship, which shows the true competitive side of what happened at the club "First Avenue" because it is time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is The good thing is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the movie are actually based on events that Prince has gone through in his life with the musical and personal aspect. For me, it made the film more realistic in terms of emotion, because it tells of its trials and tribulations before the superstard. In addition, his dedication to his performance is phenomenal. Prince has ensured that every moment of the film is perfectly realized. Whenever you hear a song in the movie, it is perfectly in tune with the current situation. <br /> <br /> Prince is a music genius and he has proven it many times. This is the film that officially put Prince on the map and has not slowed since. Anyone who has watched this movie or who has not seen it yet (unbelievably), when you watch this movie, you have to watch it with intelligence, otherwise you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really like music, it's definitely the movie to watch. Above what everyone says, I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
