It's one of the best Bollywood movies in years. Certainly the best this year so far. Indian at the base, panoramic visuals, pleasing dialogue and melodious and soft music make the film an exceptional film. The appropriate representation of Indian values ​​and culture leads the viewer to seek out his roots and reinvigorate his mind with a sense of pride and a new life. <br /> <br /> This film is intended for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and their philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to excite all your nerves through onscreen action, sex or terror, this movie is not for you, because you will find that it is not filled with twists and turns to 90 degrees. It's as simple a story as possible for a movie. But that's where the art of film lies. We have a real life experience and the best part is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. This is the positive side of life, the sweet things God has done on humans, as opposed to the regressive films that emphasize the shows, the terrorists and the underworld. It's not about things and people that went wrong. It is the goodness that still persists and makes the world go round. Of course, every genre of film is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to create a film that swims against the tide and tries to open the eyes of the public to realities and hidden truths. <br /> <br /> That said, here's more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is a couple's trip from their engagement to arranged marriages - yes, that's right, it is an arrangement marriage and the couple only know each other through their parents and learn to love each other. The six-month gap between engagement and marriage is a long time, one that is not full of "seductive" events, but feeds the growing love and devotion of couples to one another. They learn together about the importance of their relationship and this inestimable time of their lives and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But have these been sufficiently strengthened? Their relationship will face the test of time but also of fortune. Will they pass this test? That's what "Vivah" is about.
