Last night, I finished looking again at "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC mini-series adapted from Charlotte Bronte's Gothic love novel, which is a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my James favorite) in the role of Mr. Edward Rochester. Zelah Clarke, in the role of Jane Eyre, a poor 18-year-old orphan girl, governor of Mr. Rochester's estate, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" is one of my most beloved books since I was an 11 year old girl and my friend gave it to me with the words: "This book is amazing", so it was and I have read. Dozens of times and I'm not tired yet. Her beautiful language, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, her dialogues, and especially her two main characters, and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted to television and the big screen 18 times, according to IMDb. Actors as famous and wonderful as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciaran Hinds and Samantha Morton embodied the couple who overcame hundreds of obstacles created by society, laws, religion, by the differences of age, of formation, of experience, and by the fatal errors which would drive out one for many years. Of all these films, I only saw a BBC version dating back to 1983, which lasts 300 minutes and follows the novel closely. Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark and sinister characters, did not play Edward, but brilliantly with class: he was Mr. Rochester. - sardonic, dynamic, force of nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and tormented master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was equally convincing as gentle, gentle, intelligent and strong, Jane, full of passion and passion, with a clear reasoning and a calm but firm will. <br /> <br /> Added September 17, 2007: During the past two weeks, I saw five films "Jane Eyre" and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire in every adaptation of "Jane Eyre", even if they are not all totally successful. This version is still my favorite movie "Jane Eyre".
