Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor, paying for the pleasure of a meaty character by rivaling the fantasies of generations of readers ?? Not to mention the many other actors who besieged the castle before. Fortunately for the whimsical, this version ?? with the pretty casting Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? stands head and shoulders above the versions that came after. It is the right length to make history fully justice and make considerable use of Bronte's heartbreaking dialogue; No part of this modernity mingles, cuts the text and adds new and inferior scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters and the circumstances of life that they create for them. Jane ?? "poor, simple and small" ?? grew up in the recurring charity of a cold aunt, her nature and her independence shaped by a long time in a very hard school. She arrives as a housekeeper in Mr. Rochester's house, completely without friends and alone. She is usually repressed by duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature quickly finds her touch-to-face in her severe, enigmatic, very clever master, to whom she is attracted, as it is for her, by forces independent of their will. Rochester is the caged tiger, busy "pounding hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for anyone who comes into contact with him ?? but "permeable, through a slit or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a remunerated subordinate; but then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees it. But a dark secret and severe trials are submitted to them. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue spoken by such accomplished actors ?? Dalton in particular seems to be trained for the passion on a Breton scale. If you've never seen it as a not-so-memorable Bond, you've missed the best. Those who said that his film Rochester was too good were missing the meaning of these dramatizations: his character simply has too much time on the screen for a really ugly man can hold the attention of the viewer. Timothy Dalton is just right, not always or always beautiful, but often strikingly and strikingly, as it should be. And Jane de Zelah Clarke is not a weather vane; it conveys the emotions of a woman who habitually suppresses her sense of humor and her passionate nature successfully, thus allowing her rare outbursts to produce more dramatic effects. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago, the BBC aired an excellent staging. from Jean Rhys' most enlightened and enlightening riposte to Bronte, "The Great Sea of ​​the Sargasso", imagining the story of the first Mrs. Rochester. Do check it ?? you will never see the "hero" of "Jane Eyre" again.
