The BBC 'Jane Eyre' production in 1983 with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and always will be my favorite, Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching a regular movie that you forget the next day. But to look at this one is almost like reading the book. When I was little, I looked a lot at this miniseries and it inspired me to read the book. At the time, I had not paid attention to the proximity of this television production to the book. Recently, I watched the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that, I fell in love with Jane Eyre even more, because it includes all the important scenes of the book and tells the whole story (the other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> The distribution of Jane Eyre in 1983 is excellent. It's true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (nice enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he's so great in Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing that role. And Zelah Clarke is, without a doubt, the only Jane following the description of the book. What makes this film so great is the clothes and the composition of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naïve that Bronte describes her (though she's not 18, but are you paying attention?) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I would rather spend all day watching it rather than spending 2 hours watching another version. Some say the movie is dull and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate when they make Jane Eyre a "Hollywood movie" with scenes of inappropriate kisses. You do not need to include "crazy, wildly in love" scenes to show love between Jane and Rochester. And Zelah and Timothée express this love so perfectly that no other scene is necessary !! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age consider this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty of it all. After all, the novel is in the 19th century and its old-fashioned appearance makes it more appealing and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be another version of Jane Ayre that will have the popularity and love of it. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (for me at least) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
