I recently saw this DVD production. This is the first time I've seen it since it was released in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first, it was feared that it would look old-fashioned and I guess it's a little dated and very verbose, because the BBC series was at the time. (These fantastic costume dramas that I thought were still on Sunday afternoons I miss), but other than that, he's as perfect as he could have been. I'm kind of a purist of "Jane Eyre" because it's my favorite book and I've never seen another faithful production of the book like this one. I recently read the book again and some of the dialogue is perfect. Reading the scene towards the end when Rochester asked Jane about St John's appearance, I noticed that their words had been exactly reproduced on screen by Dalton and Clarke and perfectly realized. <br /> <br /> All the other productions produced seem to be lacking some, even leaving aside the family "Rivers" and their relationship with Jane. I also think it's the only production to properly include the "Gypsy" scene. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane is described in the book "small plain and dark" and I do not agree. that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too handsome, but he's absolutely perfect as a Rochester, perfectly portraying every aspect of his character and acting as he should! I agree with another comment that he even seems very scary at the time, as in the scene where he slowly turns to church when the marriage is interrupted, his expression is incredibly frightening. But in another favorite scene, her joy is wonderful to see when Jane comes down the stairs and gets into her arms the day after they fall in love with each other. A love beautifully portrayed and totally believable. Oh to be loved by a man like that! There were a few scenes that were strangely missing though, like when Jane goes to bed with dying Helen and also when Rochester takes Jane to shop for her wedding (I thought there was one but maybe my memory plays tours). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre, you'll simply see this one, it's just perfection!
