My comments for VIVAH: - This is a charming and idealistic love story featuring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film takes us back to small pleasures such as the families of the newlyweds sleeping on the ground, playing games together, their friendly jokes and their mutual respect. Vivah speaks of the sanctity of marriage and the importance of engagement between two individuals. Yes, the central novel is naively visualized. But the romantic moments between the couple who are going to be married and their stubborn resistance to modern parry games make you thirsty for idealism. The film ends as planned with the wedding and the groom, the night of the wedding, tells his new wife burn victim: "Come, let me do your bandage" <br /> <br /> VIVAH - puts in value a lot of good things - the beauty of arranged marriage, the beauty of Indian culture, the beauty of the Indian woman, finally, a beautiful IDEALISM of the couple about to be kept waiting to get married ... respecting the rules ! Simple but beautiful; A story so simple ... no plot ... no villain - as in most of Sooraj Barjatya's films. Sooraj sir is back to what he does best. He made the film with FULL CONVICTION. It is a very sweet film - which teaches the present generation a lot of good things about arranged marriage and the union of 2 families. I think that AMRITA RAO - looks very good and she has done very well. She has most good scenes - although I thought the last half hour was completely reserved for Shahid Kapur - who, for a change, gives an incredibly small performance. I also liked the game of all the others for ex. the Choti, that is Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, the brother and brother of Shahid. It seemed almost as real and recognizable as possible. Sooraj sir has another family film to his credit after Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK and Hum Saath Saath Hain. The chemistry between Shahid and Amrita is AWESOME. <br /> <br /> Things like holiness in a marriage / relationship, avoiding court, mutual respect, care and space, waiting to get married "officially", praying / sacralising for your beloved - All these elements and others are shown to Vivah. There is still a good public who loves and appreciates this film. Some of the audience / audience members are already excited after seeing that they are thinking about arranged marriages :) That's success, if you ask me. it seems that AMITA RAO - our Vivah actress {Result for a great performance} has been awarded the prestigious 2006 DADSAHEB PHALKE Award! Hats off to her for that Chalo success, even though Vivah, Shahid or Amrita have not received any of the film awards and other awards; @ unless it's news to shout !! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO - for showing us a visual of the future Indian bride in her purest form and of course to Sooraj Barjatya for describing her in the best way :) Do not forget Shahid Kapur and all the others who make VIVAH a sweet and friendly girl. legendary as it is today !! Imagine, share the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... It's not an easy task! Congratulations to Amrita Rao - for bringing her career to another level with this award ... I personally think - she should continue to make movies only with Shahid Kapur !! They are a nice couple and their chemical composition on the screen reminds me {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. <br /> < Some points that I have observed, some of the elements: - # 1 If you notice well, Amrita Rao looks so beautiful because she always wears traditional dresses. She gives every essence of the essence of Indian Woman - in this movie !! Perfect Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not quite ready for marriage or early marriage ... but PREM listens carefully to the step by step speech given by his father, having full confidence in Anupam Kher. Finally, "honesty" and "trust" are the key words he reflects in his first conversation with Amrita. Most people would think that such a first meeting with a total stranger and a limited time is never enough to judge a person. But according to what I saw in this film, I have the feeling that two people who are made for each other can connect during a first meeting also, it is possible! # 3 Throughout the movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where Shahid and Amrita are together - or shown as being together. This differs from most other romantic / wedding films where Hero & Heroine sings / dances all the time or, nowadays, does cheap stuff. But the beauty of each of these 5 sequences: - Characterized by restraint, innocence and respect for others! # 4 I really liked the relationship shown between Chacha ALOK NATH and Amrita Rao. Such films should highlight indifference to girls / girls in some parts of India. # 5 The romantic scenes between the main couple are very well done - no cheap scenes, the songs are beautifully described !! Words like "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. are going to be buzzwords for all the girls who liked this movie :) Personally, I really like the dialogues of this movie. # 6 Last but not least - the entire scene of the hospital where Shahid puts "sindhoor" to Amrita when she is fighting for life - is fantastic. These dialogues between the couple are so touching and they feel LOVE / I-cant-do-without-U; It's a hat-off feeling !!! <br /> <br /> *** In many ways, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Chuke Sanam's Hum Dil - for the couple's cool / chemistry on screen LEAD:) :) *** IF YOU WANT ME: - With films like Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH is one of the best films made in 2006. THE FACTS - I think Vivah deserves better viewing / business than Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those hobby / blurry / style / shit movies !!
