* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this without revealing any particular points of the plot, but I can not. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for a review of George C. Scott's movie by IMDb when I came across the summary and reviews of this version. There were so many positive reviews that I decided to order it even though: (a) while being truncated and in a hurry, I thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of the Rochester book at a T; and (b) even looking at the DVD cover, I thought, "Is not Timothy Dalton too good for the role?" This last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to re-read the book while the DVD was waiting. That said, the minute I started watching that, I was captivated. At first, it was disconcerting to hear the 1840 dialogue as it was-with little or no modernization-but Dalton and Clarke got into it so deeply that I really appreciated the fact that the adapters trusted to the public to follow an archaic speech. . Having so many books on the screen was an added bonus. I know someone who will not see any version of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps a poor woman crazy in the attic?" Frankly, if someone who had not read the book came across the one-and-a-half or two-hour versions, they would think that's all the story tells, the Rochester secret and its impact on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version actually concerns the whole life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the casting. Dalton is too dashing; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is so "in the moment" that I believe he is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on the mark. Jane Eyre is silent, guarded. If one remembers the book, so much ardor and passion of the adult are manifested during his private struggles. Some of the critics baffle me. Critics say Clarke is too short or not pretty enough. The book goes on forever on the small and simple Jane. Ms. Clarke should not be tall, and the filmmakers softened her gaze to make Jane's claims about her lack of beauty credible. She can barely help him if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the wires. What?!! The scene where Jane finally leaves her bedroom after the wedding fiasco vibrates with enough passion, nostalgia, sadness and regret - and this is just the first example that comes to my mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other reviews. I, too, missed other scenes with Helen Burns and the siblings Rivers. Part of the dialogue was strangely truncated. When Rochester says, "Jane, you do not judge me badly, I do not hate her because she's crazy," I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained that if Jane went crazy, he would still love her. would take care of her. This is a highlight in the book and I wish it were included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester into the part of the story where Jane is alone. It might have been done for the sake of clarity, but I found it shocking. I wanted the sneaky humor of the scene where Jane thinks that Rochester's ardor is going to subside and he'll be gruff again, but he could "love her" again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare misstep is screaming - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor playing a crying scene, not like Rochester. As for the sets, if someone has ever watched an episode of the show "Dark Shadows" of the 1960s, we know what to expect - very dark interiors and sometimes looking steep. Others commented thoroughly and succinctly on Rochester's makeup work at the end. Yuck! It's bad. The conclusion is too abrupt. After all this anguish and suspense, I wanted a more complete end. And, on my copy of the DVD, having credits at the beginning and end of each of the eleven episodes of 25-30 minutes becomes a bit heavy. That said, I'm so happy to have this film and watch it again and again.
