I am a lover of Jane Eyre and a purist. This version includes almost all the important details of the book. The characters are represented as I imagined them. Jane Eyre is a complex story of great richness and can not be properly broadcast in a feature film format. It therefore requires a television mini-series. Timothy Dalton's Rochester is probably the best of all time. There was a lot of talk about its attractiveness and age. In the book, Jane (the narrator) describes him as "about 35 years old" and not young, but not yet middle-aged. I think Timothy Dalton was about 38 years old when he did that, so that's about right. Besides, we only know what Jane thinks if Rochester is beautiful or not. She just met him and he asks her exactly what she thinks. As a humble and inexperienced girl, I can not imagine her saying she found him handsome. The actor playing Rochester must show us the character of the man, and this is realized to perfection. I love the relationship between the two leaders, which is essential in this story, and the humor of their encounters. Other versions have failed, but it works fine. The 2006 version with Toby Stephens (37 years old) is underway on BBC1 and is very good. I will decide if this version will be my favorite when it is finished. <br /> <br /> After watching this series again, After watching the 2006 version, I decided that this version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark was the best! The dialogue of Charlotte Bronte is preserved and it is essential to the power of history. Modernization simply does not work - it's a Victorian story and having an archaic poetic speech suits the characters. This version has an excellent cast - Zelah Clark is tiny and the height difference between her and Rochester is important; Timothy Dalton has a real presence and is an incredible actor. There are no more scenes to divert from the plot and the scenario includes all the essential scenes, but leaves out unnecessary details, to get right to the point and grab. I recommend it to all true fans of Jane Eyre.
