There are many adaptations of the classic novel "Jane Eyre" by Charlotte Brontë, and given the many criticisms written about them, there is also a lively discussion about the best of them. The adaptations of the short film all suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to transform the entire plot of the novel into a film of about 100 minutes. As a result, these films show only a few parts of the novel. Television series have proven to be a more appropriate format for making all the different episodes of heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three television mini-series, published in 1973, 1983 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all adaptations of Jane Eyre and a striking example of a completely overestimated film. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by tasteless and trivial lines, and the crucial scenes are either removed or replaced by scenes that have absolutely nothing to do with the novel. This results in the characters described not only having nothing in common with Rochester and Jane in the novel and behaving exactly the same way as the one described in the book, but that their behavior and their language do not absolutely match the behavior of the period in which the novel is placed. It's a silly drama in which actors look and act as if they were dressed in 1850s costumes by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is actually a slap against Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are rendered in almost their entire length. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and complex to look natural when spoken on the screen, and the constant interruptions of dialogues by Jane's voices add to the impression of being artificial and lucky. And despite the fidelity to the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's portrayal of Jane as a daring, confident and worldly woman is totally at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, though a good actor, simply does not have the dominant physical presence or charisma to play. Rochester. Although it is a decent adaptation, it simply does not reflect the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the audience. <br /> <br /> All the defects of the '73 version have been corrected in the television miniseries of '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although, from the point of view of the purists, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and thin to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities for this role: he possesses an imposing physical presence, a great magnetism and an air of assurance and confidence. 'authority. And in spite of his undeniable beauty, he looks severe and severe enough to convincingly play Thornfield's dark master. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he renders all facets of the Rochester character. Of all the actors who played in Rochester, he is the only one to have captured them all: his harshness, his almost insolence, his mood and his abruptness, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his solicitude and his deep and frantic love . Dalton's treatment with Charlotte Brontë's tongue is also superb. Even Rochester's most far-fetched and complicated thoughts seem quite true and natural when Dalton introduces them. He is the ultimate Rochester, unequaled and unsurpassed, and after watching him in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester is played any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke delivers an equally excellent result. performance in a role that may be even more difficult than Rochester's. She portrays exactly the Jane of the novel, a young woman seemingly shy, reserved and guarded, but who possesses a great depth of feeling and an equally great strength of willpower. She perfectly captures the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and respect, and her fire and passion, her apparent fragility and her indomitable sense of truth and falsity. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight. <br /> <br /> Regarding fidelity to the literary model, this version also quotes the novel report of the novel, like the 1973 version, with one important difference: The dialogs are shortened in this version, but the essential lines that are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot are unchanged. Thus, the screenwriter has avoided any artificial character of the speech, while fully preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Brontë. And unlike the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The intrigue of the novel is followed with even greater precision than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the staging of the novel, where equal time and equal importance is given to every episode of Jane's life. It is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre that presents a gypsy scene worthy of the novel and the only one that gives full justice to the crucial and most heartbreaking scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the failed marriage. Timothy Dalton in particular plays this scene with superb skill. He renders Rochester's anguish with almost painful intensity when he realizes Jane's resolve to leave him, her frantic attempts to make her stay and her final despair as she leaves him. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that will remain in the hands of the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even with the smallest roles perfectly interpreted, an excellent storyline and two ideal main actors, it's the only true "Jane Eyre".
