Calling this awesome episode is too little. To say that it continues the excellent work of the preview of the season is reductive too, because there has never been a Soprano episode far from being great so far. In fact, the title could be a sufficient invitation for those who are not yet real fans: join the club ... <br /> <br /> Fetch where Junior stopped (put a bullet in the guts of his nephew after mistaking himself for a crook he killed during the first season), the story begins with Tony who is absolutely perfect. Without any memory of what happened to him, he participates in a sort of convention. Only he does not speak with his normal accent and there seems to be something wrong in his papers: apparently, it's not Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people thinks, and until the disorder is settled, he can not leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Naturally, in the pure soprano tradition, this is actually a dream: Tony is currently in a coma, doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends were sick and Junior refused to believe that all this had happened. Unfortunately, Anthony Jr. seems to want to avenge his father's assassination attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams have appeared quite often in the series, often as a kind of spiritual test for the protagonists (especially in season five show The Test Dream). Joining the club, however, takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, already evoked by the use of William S. Burroughs' poem by the previous episode, and pushes the envelope in the most daring way: Tony hallucinating about his dead friends (the first of this kind was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago), the fact that it is in what appears to be purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" part of the story is full of allegorical meanings, especially Tony's name (as one character points out, spell it somehow will give you the word "infinite"), and nothing Escape David Chase has created a job far too clever to use bizarre configurations just for his own sake. All this helps the story. Talking about "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano could, however, be a little exaggerated.
