Okay, I did not have the purgatory thing the first time I watched this episode. It seemed that something important was going on which I could not put my finger on. This time, Costa Mesa's shots on television really caught my eye - and it helped me write just a try on Inferno! But let me see what has not been discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> A TWOP review said Tony had 7 flights of stairs to go down because of the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, including religious, but here is one more for you. On an intuition I consulted wikipedia, and guess what Dante divided into 7 levels? Purgatorio. Off Ante-Purgatory and Paradise. (What's at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not access.) <br /> <br /> Let's move on to the supposedly "random" slap scene. As soon as the monks appeared, Tony tried to get out of Purgatory. You can say that he was worried when this Christian advertisement (death, sickness and sin) appeared, and he becomes more and more desperate because the Christian sky seems a little shady for him. When he meets the monks, he says, "Hey, maybe these guys can help me?" it seems like contemplating other religions (eg Buddhism) and wondering if another way could take him to "salvation". Not that Tony is literally thinking of becoming a Buddhist, but it seems that Finnerty has tried this (and messed up). This slap in the face basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix because no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and escape. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, Tony was not too worried about going to heaven. But at the "entrance to the conference," he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. At first, I imagined that the problem with the name and driver's license was that Tony had a double life. With the killing of people and sleeping, he has hidden the secret from most people. He feels free to have an affair with near-Melfi because he is "Kevin Finnerty". He understands that he MAY fool some people with KF cards, such as hotel receptionists, but that will not get him out of Purgatory. These helicopters - sky helicopters? - watch him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that KF's identity is a reminder of the infinite. different ways that Tony could have taken in his life. Maybe with the joke about the car involving Infiniti that makes no sense to me otherwise. Aaaand, at that moment, my brain disappears.
