In what appears to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira directed this film, "Things That Make Life Useful." "This is not an original discovery, judging by many voices (quite out of the field), but it is somewhat different from the norm in Spanish cinema. the film are poorly combined, and While some points are not well developed, others are displaced.A day in the life of two people near the middle age, it is in fact what says the film Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary film (parado) who, although his back is dramatic, seems to want things to change, which is why his commitment to a minor could mark a turning point in his life. In line with Audrey Tautou's "Long dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like this: "If I find a piece before the corner, it will change my luck. "Of course, he finds it and starts playing" Today could be a great day "(Hoy puede ser be a big dia) Joan Manuel Serrat and in some crosses on his way Hortensia (Ana Belen) .It is another age of entry of woman, divorced and a little lonely Take valerian to sleep, organize birthdays as an exemplary mother, affirm her belief in God and lead to a homicidal mother speed Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior , life was going "70% of people fall in love only once in their life," he said, although it lacks Jorge and unemployed and it is not excluded that it is a "sadist" sleeping on the shoulder at the cinema at the cinema A communion, a dance in the sumptuous wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that the players seem to live like unique experiences like this one , but which end up weighing heavily on the viewer. We are the drama of two adults who do not have others who lead them to see where their strange relationship is and conversely, to make us take the case like a comedy, by putting the focus on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which seems fun in itself) or a drunk person's gait. The problem is that it does not give us time to communicate with the players. Therefore, we can not identify with drama and not give us a solid comic book, leaving everything but pure joke. In the end, all mixed so that the viewer does not know very well if he must laugh or cry and finally do nothing. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times, is not the kind of film that we find bending at all angles, but it is not sufficiently different or special as we want to do. Ana Belén (apparently much less than the 53 years of this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors very pleasant to see work, but this time, it seems ready or sufficiently comfortable in scenes that force him to break the calm reigns in the film, then, in moments like "the crash" with the kids of the bar, something seems to escape them. Maybe a very dramatic change that needs to be made, but it's not an excuse to lower the guard. In all cases, the two interpreters are easily erected the strong point of the function. "Things that are worth living" only work to a modest level of entertainment. Any claim that goes beyond this point has not been fulfilled, that a romantic or dramatic comedy like this, we assume, they wanted to do, can not afford to succeed in small successful moments (beyond bad) like one where one of the characters talk and laugh, lost drunk, compared to a boy who stays in a coma partly because of him. Neither of them do much for people like Rosario Pardo, which makes him the typical friend whose contribution to the film is the most important contribution is the phrase "must be wrong", and the songs of the soundtrack, although significant, not only. It is true that the film of Manuel Gomez Pereira has its successes (some of the moments involving José Sacristan), but the whole is an innocuous story, a film with good intentions and a beautiful result when the best.
