"Flavia, the monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the Heretic" from 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising film of Italian exploitation cinema that follows, to a certain extent, a somewhat feminist premise (although the level of violence and brutality will probably disgust the majority of feminists ). Placed mainly in a convent and with a nun as the eponymous central protagonist (great performance of the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the heretic" can be described as a film of "non-exploitation". However, this film differs radically from typical Nunsploitation films of the time, as it does not focus on non-exploitative elements such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishment, and so on. Personally, I've seen more similarities with the movies of time, such as "The Devil's Mark" (although it does not address the subject of the witch hunt), which focuses on brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and the beginning of the modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy circa 1600: after seeing his despotic father decapitate a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When his father condemned a compatriot to a death sentence for a petty crime years later, Falvia's disgust with male violence against women turned into hatred against the despotic church and she joined a group of Arab looters. .. <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia the heretic" is not for sensitive souls, nor for those who want a happy ending. The director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The many scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, with meager, spikings and other detailed macabre scenes, the most shocking scene probably being the young nun's torture at the beginning of the film. The violence here is never superfluous, however. After all, these horrible methods were actually a reality at the time of the film. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic sets, an elegant cinematography and a superb score by Nicola Piovani. The incredible and beautiful Florinda Bolkan has proved her talent in many great Italian cult productions (notably Lucio Fulci's masterpiece Giallo "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" from 1972). She delivers here another great charismatic performance and I could not imagine another actress as well in the role as she. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why does the rigid church leave bizarre worshipers in convents in the first place). However, the realism of this film is incredible. "Flavia the Heretic" certainly should not be missed by my fellow Italian Exploitation Cinema fans. It's a great movie of exploitation, although it is deeply depressing and you have to look at it in a good mood. Highly recommended to disturbing movie theater fans. 7.5 / 10
