Too many sources regularly believe that this thought-provoking drama of the time is partly based on historical facts, as well as on a superficially similar "non-exploitation" that was one of the pillars of Euro Trash cinema for years. 70, ignoring the just anger that drives this whole enterprise. It is perhaps by chance that it was also the singular attempt of the director Gianfranco Mingozzi to shoot narrative films apart from many well-received documentaries. <br /> <br /> Set in a historical context, FLAVIA traces the growing rebellion of an Italian nun in the early fifteenth century (Florinda Bolkan's career performance, surpassing even her remarkable work in the dreaded action of Lucio Fulci devastating, plunges no one into a convent), shut up in a convent by her not-so-noble father in a desperate attempt to suppress the girl's nascent sensual nature. In considering why women are at best relegated to second place in life, as in the Holy Scriptures, she is confronted with the means by which male domination can break women's lives, inspiring rebellion fueled by the sister's diatribe. Agatha, a woman half mad and indelible. Maria Casares of THE CHILDREN OF PARADISE by Marcel Carné) and - in a more constructive way - by a Muslim invasion. By joining the oppressors and perhaps involuntarily manipulating them, Flavia becomes truly the outcast she already felt herself, with the tragic results expected. <br /> <br /> With his breathtaking, widescreen compositions by Alfio Contini, who shot at Antonioni's Michelangelo ZABRISKIE POINT, it's the uncompromising and austere tale of fierce but ultimately futile fighting. a woman against the patriarchal society, which did not grant her any rights beyond pregnancy or prostitution, as Sister Agatha says slyly. A long fantasy sequence inspired by drugs, inspired by DEVILS Ken Russell, also much more flamboyant, the film is relatively stingy in the skin department, turning into a parody reputation for semi-porn. It is a serious work that deserves to be rediscovered and to restore its unjustly tarnished reputation.
