Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of art and it is probably my number one recommendation to say that euro-based cinema is seriously underrated and should not be ignored. It's a smart and complex movie, beautifully made and ?? surprise ?? damn accurate! It's more than a meaningless sleaze or gratuitous violence, and it's time for the Prude Film Committees that classify Flavia as a prohibited garbage category to also take this into account. Flavia is a beautiful teenager of the 14th century, obliged to lead the life of obedient nun in a strict convent. She refuses to accept that she is inferior simply because she is a woman and she curses her sister for being so tolerant about it. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she becomes friends with another rebel nun and even guides a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims in the walls of the convent. <br /> <br /> Flavia is an absolutely hypnotic film! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it seem so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to propose a title that deals with the theme of pioneering feminism more intensely than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (on the verge of a nightmare, in fact) while the camera zooms in on rapes, tortures and brutal mutilations. Yet, all these raw images are not just about satisfying the evil gorehounds, notice. I firmly believe that they are part of the statement 'Flavia' tries to communicate: Humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) has historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminating race and there is no point in denying it more. Films like "Flavia, the heretic" have the courage to openly question and condemn our precious ancestors and I really admire them for that. Flavia is an exceptional and fundamental exploitation film because of its substance, but it is even carried to a higher level by the wonderful cinematography, the costumes and the magnificent landscapes and a breathtaking score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but it is María Casares who steals the show as sister Agatha. She is a hateful nun with a strong mouth who loves to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
