I thought this movie was about human sexuality as much as anything else, whether intentionally or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is to not allow women to come to such an important event at the national level, while forgetting the past of our respective "advanced" nations. I write in Japan, where women simply had the right to vote 60 years ago, and women technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. English pubs were formerly exclusively male, the business world was totally forbidden for American women until recently, and Chinese women had their feet tied so they could not develop strong enough feet to escape their husbands. Iran is conveniently going through this stage of our time and we see how ridiculous we all seemed at one time or another. To return to the question of sexuality, we wonder what can be intrinsic in women who make them unsuitable for a football match (the official reason being that men are bad). Especially such girls, a couple so important that you even feel that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who would try to intervene. The opening scenes of the stadium approach allow you to appreciate the value of young women trying to enter - and each separately - at all. It's a world of brutal men. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one size fits all. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the criminal girls apprehended bind themselves in a makeshift pen while waiting for their expulsion to who knows where, and in a much more subtle way. Begin to bond with the guards by watching them. They had specific ideas about women and femininity, which were challenged head-on. The change of attitude is icy, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is a pure Iran from the first moment, it calms a little for the foreigner, but the characters have a particular way to be loved. for you, and you end up having a complete picture, and even to understand the misunderstandings of men and to give them relaxation. The supposed villain is the invisible patriarchy of the Ayatollahs, who remain hidden and unnamed, and are probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was shot during the Iran-Bahrain match event gives me the feeling of fear for everyone involved.
