What do you think the average citizen would know more about Iranian cinema or Iranian football? It is interesting to note that the two characters are at the forefront of Iranian director Jafar Panahi's latest controversial film 'Offside', a tale that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of centered scenes. on the right to do something or to go somewhere The right of the individual to be courteous if and when he wishes. What is strange is that you do not get out of the game after learning Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it's an education inspired by Panahi's controversial style), but you feel enlightened At least one Iranian took a controversial issue that is clearly still very much in force in a nation like Iran and is ready to present it to an international audience rather than exploit it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure many people can. It was summer after my first year at the university and after the slog of my first year, a World Cup football summer was a tonic of choice. It goes without saying that I saw virtually all the game bars displayed at the same time as the others at the very end of the group stages in order to avoid incidents like those observed in Spain in 1982, while the Germany of the West and Austria had result between them who would see them both to the detriment of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in Britain who watched the broadcast by the BBC of Iran ?? The match against Mexico, the first of the tournament in both countries, may be remembered that at the top of the series, the BBC football presenter, Gary Lineker, launched a sneaky comment to present the game. It looked like this: "We have seen the giants that Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands are playing but now we see ......... Mexico and Iran are compete ". The emphasis on the last two being inferior was clear and perhaps watching them was a chore. It's a shame because there are people, and films like Offside present them, who are really willing to see Iran play to the point of risking their well-being to achieve it and it's sad when people in position of power reject what they believe. "Inferior" when there are other people who would do anything to have a chance to engage otherwise. <br /> <br /> When I think immediately of the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind flies away. return to France 98 match between said nation and America. Here is a film about a World Cup match involving Iran, but where most Iranian filmmakers might have chosen to present a tale about Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it's all about. meant for them. The director Panahi chooses to watch What's going on behind the scenes and presents a story of the stands while women are excluded from football matches and are not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a match of immense magnitude. You can imagine a beefy film describing Iran's "victory" as a propaganda film designed to exploit "defeating" a Western power or "enemy" in a sport that was not expected not. <br /> A few movies that come to mind when it comes to beating the unbeatable at their own game are the 'Lagaan' Indian movie of 2001, in which Indian peasants defeat the British at power to cricket. In "The game of their life" of Similalry in 2005, the Americans beat the English during a football game, but this time at the World Cup in 1950. The differences between these films and Off-game are immense; Offside looks at a situation behind the state mentality and dares to explore an essence of feminism as the girls try to see their beloved Iran defeat Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup. They are gathered together like animals and kept in a crude purgatory. from a barred window that would allow them to see the game. The reasoning has to do with the vulgar language that men "can", do not want, but "can" use during the match. The film portrays Iran as incompetent as it can not suppress a man's right to swear and forbid foul language, but must forbid a woman's right to see the game as a whole ?? it is not surprising that Panahi's film was itself banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy by often allowing her female characters to smoke cigarettes and use a cell phone, According to doctors and scientists, two things are much more dangerous for the human body / mind than to hear some vulgar language in a football game. Panahi pays particular attention to the title of his film "Offside", which is itself a rule of football, detailing when an "attacker" is "caught" gaining a field advantage. The parallels go hand in hand with the position of the women in the film when those in advance (allegedly without rights) are trapped trying to pass one over the opposing team; It's the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the best films I've ever seen coming out of the Middle East and the Gulf region. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who do not carry any acting story according to the IMDb and, therefore, the acting is raw and real, adding this neo-realistic aura to all of this. The immediate end is haunting and the constant verbal battle between the soldiers and the unjust women who dared to challenge the state is magnificent. I also think that not liking the film for anyone, for the reasons I mentioned, shows a distinct level of callosity, whether it is or you are working in the Iranian government.
