In Iran, women are not allowed to attend male sports events, apparently to "protect" them from all the abusive and rude language they might hear from male fans (thus, since men can neither contain themselves nor to behave, women must suffer, go understand.). "Offside" tells the story of half a dozen young women, dressed as men, trying to sneak into the great match between Iran and Bahrain which, in 2005, qualified Iran to travel to the World Cup (the film was shot largely during this game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a breathtaking comedy that will remind you all these great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves a Blonde," "Trains Closely Watched", etc. .) who emerged from Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Prague miracle" in the mid-1960s. Like many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned with observing life than conceiving a fiction narrative developed with meticulousness. Indeed, it is the simplicity of the staging and the naturalism of the style that make the film so effective. <br /> <br /> Once their ruse is discovered, the girls are placed in a small pen just outside the stadium where they can hear the hoarse cheers emanating from the game inside. Blocked where they are, all they can do is plead with the security guards to let them in, guards who are essentially spoiled and cheerful boys who are forced to do their job. duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even most men entering the stadium do not seem particularly disturbed by the idea that these women are allowed to enter. The ban nevertheless persists. However, how can one not be impressed by the real courage and courage of these women as they come up against a system that continues to apply such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? And yet, the goal of these women is not to rally to a cause or to argue an "argument". They are simply fans obsessed with the urge to watch a football game and, like all men of the country, cheering on their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say how much the dialogue is written in a script and how much is impromptu, but in both cases, the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a magnificent job. giving every moment the most real and convincing appearance. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable in an always excellent distribution. The structure of the film is also very flexible and free, since the writer / director Jafar Panahi and the co-writer Shadmehr Rastin focus a few moments on one or two characters, then move smoothly and effortlessly to others. With this documentary approach, we come to feel as if we are witnessing a real event taking place in "real time". Very often, it is very easy for us to forget that we are watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very wise decision for the filmmakers to include as much good humor in the film (that's what the Czech filmmakers did too), in order to better emphasize the absolute absurdity of the situation and broaden the appeal of the film for the domestic and foreign audiences. "Offside" is obviously a call to justice, but it is even more effective that he refuses to make his story a tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing eliminates social barriers as effectively as humor and attracts the public's humanity. And is not that what real art is supposed to be? In a discreet and discreet way, "Offside" is one of the underestimated jewels of 2007.
