At first glance, a film about women wanting to attend a football match would not please anyone who has little interest in football, but it's not football, it's about discrimination and women's enthusiasm for the sport they love. . <br /> <br /> The film begins the day of a crucial match between Iran and Bahrain for qualifying. The girls are trying to get to Tehran's Azadi stadium by dressing like a boy. until a soldier tries to search it. Once taken, she is taken to a small high wall outside the stadium where there are some women already captured. They are kept here by a small group of conscripts whose chief would prefer to be at home to take care of his cattle. We never learn the names of the characters, but we get to know them as people while the girls implore the guards to let them look through a void in the wall and, if they are refused, try to get them at least to give their opinion. <br /> <br /> In addition to highlighting an important point about rigid gender segregation in much of present-day Iran, the film contains many hilarious moments such as "disguise" that one of girls is forced to wear when she goes to the toilet and the girl who disguised herself as a soldier and was arrested only because she chose to watch the game from a seat reserved for a senior officer. The girls' enthusiasm for the game is such that in the end, the viewer will probably be at the edge of his seat in the hope that Iran wins and can thus qualify for the final in Germany. The soldiers are not presented as fundamentalists, they are just conscripts who are there to get there. When they explain to girls why women can not watch men's sports, they do not seem convinced by their own arguments. <br /> <br /> It's a pity that this film can not be seen in Iran, but it's good for the whole world to see it and see that ordinary Iranians are not a bunch of fanatics desperate to lead a war against the West. but normal people have the same passions and concerns as people all over the world. The actors did an excellent job of giving their characters the appearance of real characters rather than mere caricatures.
