Panahi, whose previous films, such as The Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to go from lugubrious to sinister, produced in his new Offside a funny, stubborn and happily chaotic ensemble piece that ends on a note of liberation and sincere fun ?? Still, the film deals with topics as difficult and relevant as anything he did. Focusing on a group of enthusiastic female football fans caught sneaking into the Iran-World Cup match between Bahrain and Iran at the Tehran stadium, Panahi raises issues of national concern , independence of mind and contradictions. and pure nonsense? the religious apartheid of the regime in a world of modern competition with a predominantly young population and urban girls who think more and more by themselves. <br /> <br /> At the opening of the film, we meet breathless one of the girls in a bus, with a father chasing a lost girl. This one has a disguise and wears the national colors as a painting of war, but we crack it to know what will happen: it is always easily identifiable. The fact is that most men around do not really care. However, the rules are rules, and once they try to cross the various checkpoints on their way to the big stadium, the potential female footballers, or some of them anyway, are gathered and held in one place. small enclosure located at the top of the stadium. by the mostly young, green and rustic police officers who do not know how to handle the independent ideas of the girls in the big city and prefer to watch the game? whose roar we hear constantly in the background? is. Every girl is different ?? represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing it. One of them wore a soldier's uniform and went to the officers' section. One is tough and masculine, mocking and provocative (she might look like a handsome boy and teasingly suggests, "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like me to be?"). We do not care about football but we went to pay tribute to a dead comrade. One (Aida Sadeghi) is herself a passionate footballer ?? etc. These Tehran girls are stubborn and intelligent and they walk everywhere in the blocked rural lieutenant who controls them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural cops (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the footballer to the men's toilet (of course, there is no lady), forcing her to wear the mask of an Italian football star. A comedy of errors and chaos ensues in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later, a sneaky van arrives with an officer who orders the cops to take the girls to the Vice Department? violating the rules of sexual segregation is considered a vice. A man mixes with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into games. The van is not so spiffy: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman keeps him in place to listen to the report more and more damning. The police and the prisoners are all united in the same enthusiasm. There is no score, the game goes to penalties and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, it's a real match, a real stadium and real young people crazy about the outcome of this event. The excitement is enormous, and the streets are cluttered with cars, flags and a crowd of supporters praying for an Iranian victory and united in their enthusiasm. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so good, which is clear? to date, it is that it was shot during the evening of a real match with a real final which makes everything turn around. This, in contrast to Panahi's previous highly computed narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous truth-film production that improvises in rhythm with a captured background of real events and takes you to its excitement in a very exciting way. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the disconnect between the madness of football in the modern world and the retro-Islamic social prohibitions repressing women ?? these exist at a time when young Iranian women are now part of a globalized world in which women play sports and share the ardor of national team spirit. How do you reconcile exactly the country's ambition to become a modern world power with medieval social attitudes? Offisde is incredibly real, including the way everyone tries to get away from it all. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real mega sporting event results in a surprisingly effective mix of documentary, polemic and fiction too energetic to seem to have a bone to choose, and it ends brilliantly and movingly. . <br /> <br /> I already had reservations about Panahi's films, but this one has problems. Panahi does something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the sense of the aspirations of a nation.
