In Iran, women are prohibited from attending live sporting events for fear of being "corrupted" by foul language, the proximity of thousands of men and the fact that there is no of toilets for women in desolate stadiums. According to a real incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's Offside follows six girls disguised as men who are denied entry into the 2005 Iran-Bahrain football match, a match that will determine whether Iran will go no to Iran. World Cup. Offside is an exuberant comedy that has a patriotic fervor and universal appeal, but contains enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban on projection in Iran. . <br /> <br /> Photographed with a digital camera using unprofessional actors who are up to the task, the girls try to sneak into Tehran's Azadi stadium but are arrested and placed in a holding area outside the stadium. They are guarded by three young army conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who are ambivalent about their task but are committed to respecting the rules. The women are football enthusiasts, not political activists or supporters of the Iranian victory, but that does not prevent the soldiers from stopping them while they wait for the girls to be transported in the auxiliary brigade and in an uncertain future. . <br /> <br /> Free of mind rather than acting as victims, they continually question the soldiers about the reasons behind the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. Although they may hear the noise of the crowd, the women can not see the action, but win a minor victory by persuading one of the soldiers to provide an ongoing comment on the match. One of the funniest sequences occurs when a female "prisoner" is escorted into the men's room by a soldier. The young recruit must then face a riot when she must prevent anyone from using the premises while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson, what unites them turns greater than what divides them and the unlikely antagonists rally behind their country and yearn for the victory that will send Iran to world Cup. Although the argument is advanced and often and the film is a little in the middle, Offside highlights the role of a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality must face a growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. . One can only hope that the world pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the Ayatollahs to accept the 21st century.
