I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed at a 2006 World Cup qualifier, Offside works both as a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women who are caught sneaking into a football match at Tehran's Azadi stadium. Islamic religious leaders in the country have decreed that women can not sit with men at sporting events for fear of being exposed to curses and other morally dubious behavior. That did not stop the country's young female fans, who continue to sneak around with different tips. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been caught and is being held too close to the action. They beg the bored soldiers who keep them to let them go or at least let them watch the game. The soldiers tell them that they should not have tried to enter, that they could watch the game at home on TV. They joke almost in real time as the game continues, right in front of the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the bathroom. Since there are no women's toilets in the stadiums, he must clear the men's room before allowing him to enter. Moreover, he makes her cover her face so that nobody can see that she is a woman. This is accomplished by using a poster of Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask, with holes for pierced eyes. <br /> <br /> You really feel that even the soldiers are baffled by the ban and are only continuing their orders to hasten the end of their compulsory military service. A soldier complains that he is supposed to be on leave to take care of his family's livestock in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other and many small gestures of kindness show that both are good people living in terrible conditions. However, the constant reminder by the soldiers that "the leader" is about to take to give him a sense of threat because we do not know what kind of punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their powerful visuals, Offside is filmed in a realistic, unadorned style. In fact, the film was shot during the qualifier against Bahrain that took place on June 5, 2005. The "plot" was determined in many ways by the result obtained in the field. If Iran won the match, they would qualify. If they lost, they would not do it. Since the World Cup came and gone, I do not think that saying that Iran won the match is a spoiler. The scenes of celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. Seeing how much it meant for the Iranian people was deeply touching. <br /> <br /> In addition, one of the young women refers to the end of the film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25, a few weeks earlier. They were trampled to death after the police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that it was a real tragedy, the celebrations were even more poignant. <br /> <br /> I do not want to embark on a long policy, but this film has given me real hope that there are those in Iran who are hoping for change and working on it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Films like this show the pride of the Iranian people despite their current difficulties and I sincerely hope that there is a better future for them.
