Loopy, but the villainous and formidable gang leader, Vic (an excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss), comes out of a mental hospital. Several criminal cohorts of Vic, including the current sidekick "Brass Balls", Ben London (a glorious and manic and extravagant portrait of Gabriel Byrne), the evil Jake Parker (a perfectly perfect Kyle MacLachlan) and the vicious rival "Wacky" Jacky Jackson (a nice tour of Burt Reynolds) is all trying to defeat Vic. Meanwhile, Mickey Holliday, a laid-back, self-assured hit-guy (well played by Jeff Goldblum in a discreet attitude) finds himself caught in the middle of all this deadly madness. Screenwriter / director Larry Bishop brings an extremely original and original idiosyncratic sensibility to this dark comedy and deliciously dark and ruthless about betrayal, loyalty and a ruthless ambition that runs dangerously. Members of the troupe meet for a busy day with the colorful gallery of grotesque and treacherous rogue thugs: Ellen Barkin as a robust and sensual moll Rita Everly, Henry Silva as a reliable right arm of Sleepy Joe Carisle and Gregory Hines as Jules Flamingo smoothie philosopher, Diane Lane as Grace, Vic's sweet mistress, Billy Drago in the slippery film Wells and Christopher Jones in the brutal artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop takes advantage of his juicy secondary role as deadly and laconic assassin assassin, Nick. Billy Idol is a grumpy thug, Michael J. Pollard is the unfortunate Red, Joey Bishop plays the role of funeral director, Mr. Gottlieb, Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner plays the role of playful driver and Richard Pryor plays the role of Jimmy the Gravedigger. Byrne's deliciously crazy duet with singer Paul Anka on "My Way" is considered a real highlight. A tense and amusing Mexican clash culminates in the same way in the funny bone, something hysterical. Frank Byers' neat cinematography, incredibly delirious dialogue, Earl Rose's jazzy cocktail score, and a choice soundtrack of old golden and golden classics all enhance the appealing charm of this immensely entertaining curio.
