Anna (Ursula Andress) is officially named R.N. by ex-lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), apparently to look after an elderly widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), who has become healthy again after a heart attack. But Benito is currently leading a group of heirs and businessmen, including American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflected by what Anna hopes to accomplish with the Count. He has a long history of loving women well and would actually be a little more "vulnerable" as he gets better. The wicked derail, Anna does not go and gets closer to the count. One could say that the end is ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But a lot for the plot - this movie is totally an erotic comedy, from beginning to end, and oh how good it is. There are many nude scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malevolent heirs, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Ursula and Luciana are both excellent Continental women of Bond, and thus meet the fantasies of male viewers. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, in a way, but with less elegance. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is undoubtedly the complete (slow) band of Anna and her jump to bed with the young Adone, the "other patient" (who resists incredibly), in the goal of discovering what he knows about the plot. But even at this point, she already has two faces (for the better) because she decided not to participate. However, Benito is much more than just a player with women, having long dating with Anna and Jole, and the best rival erotic scene follows an intrusive argument (to say the least) between Jole and him . This is a standing encounter in which Luciana is reduced to a black panties only. Another beautiful Ursula is swimming completely naked in the pool of the property. As a client, the count is free to put his hands on Ursula where he wants, and he benefits. Hey, I sort of got back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Among the erotic scenes featuring other women, let's mention a fun hunt in the bare wine cellar. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it's not necessary - it's nice without interruption, from start to finish. Strongly recommended. <br /> <br />
