I am not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I've ever liked it in anything in which I saw it. The opening scene of this film confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, played by a rather ridiculous character, riding a motor scooter around the city of New York, looking pitiful and misguided. Character of typical Sandler loser, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But then, sticking to that, I actually discovered something I had never known before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly remarkable in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure, whose entire family (including the dog) was killed in one of the hijacked planes on 9/11 and who apparently lost contact with reality. Don Cheadle plays with his former college buddy who unexpectedly renews with Charlie and engages in his mission to help him improve. Of course, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has his own problems and sources of misfortune, and one way or another, these two men manage to help each other to overcome their difficulties. Both formed a completely credible team, and Sandler in particular made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. It's not a Sandler comedy. If you are looking for that, go to some of his other, more stupid, things. It's a pretty heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always captivating. There are fun parts in it. I loved the scene in which Charlie convinces Alan to confront his partners by reminding him of how hard he was in college, and then the conversation they had between them. <br /> <br /> Personally, I did not think that Saffron Burrows did much to the film as Donna, a patient obviously in need of Johnson. The only reason the character seemed (according to a flashback) was that it looked strangely like Charlie's late wife, but it never really developed, and I did not care about the character. Look for the judge's role, however, played by Donald Sutherland, who, I think, has nailed the role. As far as I am concerned, however, it is Sandler's film, and I congratulate him for his superb performance. Certainly his best in my opinion. 8/10
