Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a well-known dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also let his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York. But in a way, he feels that his life is a bit empty. An ordinary day in town, he sees his former school mate, Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). What Alan has not seen Charlie in years. When Alan tries to become friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely and depressed man who hides his true feelings from those who care for him. As Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in a plane crash, they were in one of the planes of September 11, 2001. When Alan feels almost comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie becomes violent with Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now, Alan is trying to help Charlie and is trying to make his life a little easier. But Alan discovers that it is harder than expected to get Charlie to talk about his true feelings. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender of sadness, truth and comedy too. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than in Punch-Drunk Love by Paul Thomas Anderson. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is fine as Alan's support woman, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is pretty good as a beautiful, strange and lonely woman, who has a crazy crush on Alan. This film was unfortunately a disappointment at the box office, despite very good reviews. The actors are first class here, the writing and the director are fantastic and the great big-screen cinematography of Russ T. Alsobrook. The film contains some great filming locations in New York City, making New York a beautiful city to look at in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD is equipped with an anamorphic widescreen transfer (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, a photo montage and previews. I was expecting more for the features of the DVD, such as a director's audio commentary track and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best films released this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Which unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to see in a theater. But it's also the kind of movie that reads well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and it has a lot of familiar faces in side roles and tracks. Even the director plays Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated pictures of this year. It's also Sandler's best film for my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it. HD widescreen. (**** 1/2 on *****).
