Most people who go in this movie will have an idea of ​​what it's all about; A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a flight out of Boston that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before seeing this movie is: how would you feel? What are you doing with that? And how would it affect you and the way you get up every day? The story painfully begins slowly from the front door and warms up slowly as the relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and ex-roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) gets stronger and starts to pick up speed. form. The characters appear in this movie whose presence seems initially obligatory and undeveloped, but in fact, stay with this story and you will find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story credible - and accurate. Real people live in a real situation where they can do little but stay away while one of them disintegrates. The pain inside Charlie's soul is subtly obvious from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character - brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as a layer of an onion ?? one layer at a time with lightness and weight combined. It's such a subtle performance that it sneaks on you and enters your head as you watch it on the screen. Alan Johnson of Cheadle is also very subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always visible, the apparent ease when the screen of Cheadle testifies to his acting skills. The relationship between Alan and Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, as the situation demands. Fineman does not want friendship, nor does anyone want to interfere in his cloistered life, and yet Alan's friendly quality is simple and honest enough to intrigue even a loner like Charlie. Alan has the task of gently opening Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in the process. The more Alan encourages Charlie to open up, even going as far as calling on the services of his friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), the greater the danger of pushing Charlie to the limit. It is an abyss that Charlie shivers every moment of the day and has learned to navigate through the pure negation of denial. He denied everything that existed before for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is something he can not deny. Sandler withdraws so deeply into the pain of his character during the course of the story that, when he meets his demons head on, the viewer shares his pain almost evenly. Alan stands with Charlie throughout this demanding process, at the risk of threatening his own life with the perfect home - conducted with admirable grace and efficiency by his wife Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) As he watches over Charlie's recovery, Alan looks at himself and recognizes his own silent cries at the death of independence that he had detained and the boy he lost to become a man. His reward for helping Charlie helped him get back to what he lost. The theme is very similar to The Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself to the madness of sorrow and loss. As in The Fisher King, the story ends with the traditional theme, there is something for everyone. Lidia Sinclair of Reign Over Me (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar, (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the brink of a crisis and an incomplete patient of Johnson, who turns out to be just enough unstable to complement Charlie's limitless madness. It's a good end of the story, but the least likely element to ring true. Again, maybe there is really someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
