I did not really go to "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from the director or the story. The plot was easy enough to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this type died in the attacks of September 11, 2001 and he put the world out of his life. Well. I did not know if he was going to use the attachment to terrorism as a platform to talk about this or other issues that concerned him, and it does not really make sense, if you're afraid of being surrounded by political opinions that may be different from yours, I would not worry about it. I think writing has even made a point of never explicitly mentioning "September 11". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving image. The film has a sense of humor and is very strong, but it's really a drama where it counts. In general, I do not like to think that comic actors are incapable of acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is certainly capable of it (and even if I think so, you may not agree, Jim Carrey is also very complete ... sometimes). The portrait of Charlie Fineman by Sandler took a character who, at first glance, seemed completely unreal and made it quite credible. I have read many critics who have criticized Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle plays another excellent role, though he looks like some of his most recent photos). The woman, who is well played by Jada Pinkett Smith, calls it static and dull. but that is completely wrong. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but part of it is hidden behind the main story, which sometimes drifts. (Which is also reminiscent of some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the film, with a strange fade "Do anything blurry." After about 40 minutes, they are no longer used, maybe that's important for the prospects. characters, artistically, or maybe they just realized how irritating it was.) The film gradually begins to reveal the purpose of the story (one of the most explicit, but certainly the most explicit ), that sometimes people have to deal with grief in their own way. Maybe that sounds unorthodox to us, maybe it sounds downright unhealthy, but maybe some people want more than anything, it's just to forget. Just exist. The soundtrack of the film was excellent, and she used music to research and amplify the moods, rather than to establish them, which pays tribute to actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song "Love," Reign O'er Me ", from the rock opera of Who's Quadrophenia.The song itself is quite insignificant for the real story , but it is used powerfully in the film during the climax and at the very end.The film is well paced and does not give the impression of dragging in its length, which represents a little more than 2 hours. you can accept Adam Sandler's portrait of this deeply heartbroken man, you will enjoy the film, you will lose yourself in the story and you will really feel the characters every minute. year and there is nothing revolutionary or amazing, but it is a very pleasant movie to watch, overall.
