On September 11, 2001, millions of people were killed. but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly macabre way. They were victims of a plane hijacking by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but especially people. This film examines in detail four people whose lives were interrupted by this disastrous event and a man whose life was shattered by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, lost his wife and three children on September 11th while traveling to Los Angeles. Emotionally annihilated by events, he ends up losing touch with all those who remind him of his old life; especially his in-laws and best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender respectively). He completely denies and does his best to forget his old life. This continues until he meets his old academic friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) whom Fineman does not seem to remember. The two men are starting to catch up, but Fineman thinks Johnson has been sent by people in his old life to persuade him to find help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains his confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is not going in the right direction. He is an independent man (dentist) who helps to start a dental office. One day, a patient of her named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to move him, saying that she would like to give him a blowjob. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson since he is a married man with two children. As he gets home from work one day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to point him out. He fails, but he has another opportunity and persuades Fineman to take a coffee with him to catch him, even though he does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting This film is about his use of music as a motif. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When you ask Fineman to talk about his past or talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and covers the music world with his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I was thinking: how can I cope with the loss of my family? How could I deal with such tragic events? This is something we do not think about too often. We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted, whether we intend to do so or not. We usually realize how important they are when it's too late. and a blow like that can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I could deal with something like this. Would I face the problem, face it, and move on or should I just put on my headphones and block the world?
