Time and time again, Hollywood actors seem to surprise me with their playwrighting skills: it was Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)'} and Jim Carrey {'Eternal Sunshine ??? (2004) 'being an example}, then Will Ferrell {' Stranger than Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's quite true: the guy who has a whole career on mindless, boring comedies {I'm not complaining; I have always been a fan} finally gave me a performance of which he can be proud. Of course, some readers may be wondering what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that it's a movie I'm taking action to see as soon as possible, because I heard it was terrifying. My first film by director Mike Binder, Reign Over Me, is a clever and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Even if he occasionally ventures into too familiar territories, the somewhat predictable scenario is surprisingly deep and moving. Sandler and Don Cheadle perform memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist. with a good family, although he is unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and his marriage is a bit fragile. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is the former roommate of Alan, a man who lost his family during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and who is still facing his deep sorrow. A disheveled character with his hair down and his eyes lowered (often compared to Bob Dylan), Charlie has abandoned his career in the field of dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut the sound of the world Outdoors around Manhattan on a motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and repeatedly decorating the kitchen of his apartment in accordance with the last wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, he does not even recognize an old friend, having completely given up all memory before his disabling experience. Indeed, at first, he does not even recognize the existence of his family and suddenly gets upset whenever someone suggests he consult. <br /> <br /> At first, this may seem like a bit of exploitation for filmmakers using the September 11th attacks as a narrative device. After all, would not it be as devastating as Charlie's family to be dead in an ordinary car accident? However, if you consider that the intention of the director was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused by the tragedy to ordinary citizens, then "Reign Over Me" does a very good job. It's easy to get so lost in nonsensical statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks. This is the first 11/11 film I saw that really dealt with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only anguish was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising range in a difficult role, a role that would have collapsed if he had not been up to it. Instantly seducing between cheerfulness, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul who, thanks to the company of an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark and dark tunnel .
