There may be some mess! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the terrorist attacks of September 11), is still saddened by their death. He meets his former classmate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two find their friendship. Alan swears to help his old friend overcome this terrible loss. This is a simplification of Reign Over Me's basic story. <br /> <br /> However, this film tells how fate intervenes in our lives when we ourselves can be helpless against our own states of be. Alan is stuck in a life he knows is no longer fulfilling. He feels without friends and disconnected from his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and associates at work. He can not express his feelings and therefore feels lost and removed from his own world. He stumbles upon Charlie in the streets of Manhattan as he leaves his job. Finally, he meets and discovers that Charlie (who originally does not remember Alan) is experiencing his own false reality. Charlie came back to a time in his life when he did not have a family. He lives as if he were still a student, playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from the 60s and 70s and playing video games. He has escaped a better and safer time in his life where there is no villain and where he has much less to lose. Everyone in this film is affected in one way or another by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his remission in a former and better place (?). Her landlady is her protector and her great facilitator. His parents-in-law are removed from his life because they would bring him back to the fact that his family is now part of his life. And Alan is most affected by him because Alan wants him (at first, a selfish desire to escape from his own reality), to be with Charlie as a means of evading his own muffled reality, and then he wants find a way to help Charlie recover from his guilt and denial of loss. It is thanks to this relationship that Charlie is not only able to start healing himself but that Alan, in fact, is learning to communicate and satisfy his real desires with his colleagues at work and ultimately is able to to admit to his wife that he has not done so yet. been able to communicate to him his true feelings but that he wishes it so much because he loves it. It's actually a poignant moment in the film when the film reached the audience and Charlie is confronted with the reality of surrender. He and Alan talk about the "Chinese" situation in which Charlie says he is actually worried about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> If you let it go, this movie will take you through a river of emotions and let you think. This will make you laugh at the way Charlie uses his words, as people really do in everyday life, to make a comic statement about a real situation. This will leave you in tears (in my case, real tears), when Charlie will face his sorrow and begin to face his terrible loss. And in reality the tragic reality is his guilt and his loss never left him and he treated her in the only way he knew: denial. This will make you curse the cold and thoughtless actions of a young prosecutor who is trying to win his "cause" (as I did at Charlie's hearing!) And will make you smile at the good sense of an old and Stern Judge (Donald Sutherland is excellent in his distinct role and gives the best performance of a wise and severe person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley played the role of assistant attorney general in the absence of malice.) /> <br /> This The film was also amazing for me for some other reasons: (1) I never watched my watch during the screening of the movie. Which means it got me from start to finish, (2) Although the cast was interracial, it was not important to play the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was not a factor in the performance of roles in this film. Incredible people can actually interact with this fact highlighted! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial solicitor calls the tragedy of Charlie's loss "what Charlie became 9/12". Time will be the real test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the goal of a movie is not just to entertain but to make you think, and this movie stays with you long after your release theater, so Reign Over Me was phenomenally successful in my case. I have not yet forgotten this fantastic film that provokes reflection and I will wait impatiently for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
