Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comic actors becoming dramatic have been seen as a kind of distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he represents have an unstable temperament and vulnerability that can explode at any time. It could even be cast for characters with such hidden anger issues. However, this performance has a considerable dramatic weight, unlike his roles in less comical films like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) meets his former school mate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for several years. Five years ago, Charlie had suffered the overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie hardly recognizes the character of Cheadle because of the repression of his memories and the lonely childhood lifestyle that has followed since the accident. Only when Alan continues to engage him in a conversation does Charlie remember who he is. The renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, which will finally allow him to confront the thoughts and feelings he has repressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Although screenwriter and director Mike Binder does not really show his personal style and some of his scenes and transitions are a little embarrassing. He has the knack for getting decent performances from his actors while being a talented and funny writer. He shot this film with a digital camera, as do more and more filmmakers today, allowing the crew to film night scenes with limited lighting. This kept the focus on the colorful backgrounds of New York City, but created a frequent digital grain, which looks like blue spots scattered and moving on the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost all the main characters of Reign Over Me performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles of frustrated wife of the character of Cheadle and psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who are giving some of their best work to date. They completely owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character who does not look like a man at all or does not behave at all, partially attributed to his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although the character of Cheadle has more time on the screen than Sandler, they must both be considered as main roles, because they support and help each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays an important role in this movie, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and later reworked by Pearl Jam . In one of the strongest moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler that he uses music to hide his feelings and memories, but this song arouses such an intense emotion that, rather than diminishing his anger, it arouses his feelings. emotions. Reign Over Me is a pleasant film, sad and yet very funny, animated by its incredible performances.
