Love Hurts. This is, I think, the main message that Reign Over Me, the last film of Mike Binder, passes. Whether love has been killing your relationship for years, or angering someone you've been cheating for years, or breaking your heart to the point of preventing you from opening yourself to the world, love hurts. The great thing about this movie, however, is not in its portrayal of those lost souls who are trying to let go of their past sorrows, but in the eventual resumption of new bonds for the future. Nobody in this drama is perfect; they are all, to a certain extent, trapped emotionally in relationships from which they can not be released alone. I find that Binder has never turned history into a political diatribe, but has instead instilled into serious moments true comic moments that allow the tale to remain based on characters and small compared to the epic. event looming above. What could have become a commonplace vehicle of opinion about how September 11 touched us, ends up being a story about two men and a bond they share, that's the only thing that can save them life after a life of depression and regret. This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see childish anger and hidden in his silly comedies as something to use dramatically. The juvenility of a character like Billy Madison makes it possible to laugh and give humor to the pot, but can also be used to show a repressed, shy man who avoids the world around him - a man without confidence who has need a compassionate event to break it from its shell. Anderson let Sandler do just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder went one step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that shot down the World Trade Center on 9-11. That moment crushed his life and, as a result, he became lonely and began to believe that he could not remember anything that had happened before that day. It really offers a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep the charade in his head while those around him, those who love him, try to open it to the reality of what happened and what the future holds. Always on the alert and ready to crack at any time when something is mentioned to awaken the memory of his deceased family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, closing everything not to be tempted, remember . <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me does not concern Charlie Fineman, but the dentist and father of Alan Johnson. A man who has been trapped in a marriage and dental practice who have both stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs all his help in the life of his former roommate at the university, Charlie. Played to perfection by the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine to try to change his life. He has no friends, and when he sees Charlie, by chance, one day his life is moving towards something he has not felt in 15 years. He loves to have the chance to date an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since his family's death. The character of Cheadle wants to return to the collegiate era and Sandler does not care, because all this happened before his meeting with his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves to come closer, despite years of loneliness that have dominated their lives. Once they have begun to open, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy slips and tests the facade they created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The secondary casting does an amazing job in helping appearances to be two tracks. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who impressed me and throughout the film, she played very well the tough woman like nails, but this is her last scene on the phone with Cheadle who really shown something different and true. As a psychiatrist, Liv Tyler is a little out of his element, but the film calls him about it and makes the casting perfect. The many small cameos are also effective, even the role of screenwriter / director Mike Binder as Sandler's old friend and accountant (my only complaint is why he feels the need to put his name in the opening credits when he is everywhere, since it's his film). Last but not least is the beautiful Burrows Burrows. She is a great actress and plays divorced love trying to rebuild her life wonderfully. A role that seems at first a comical relief, but eventually becomes part of what is to come. <br /> <br /> Binder has achieved one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the blur between the cuts and the characters in front / background really bothered me at first), the actors play superb and the story true to itself, never taking the solution of ease or not properly wrapping bow attached to the conclusion. Even the music was fantastic and used to improve, not to lead us emotionally (why, after two excellent uses of the titled song of The Who, Binder felt the need to use the lower remake of Eddie Veddar, I do not know Unfortunately, I was unhappy Reign Over Me is a film about love and the fact that even if it can cause the greatest pain imaginable, it can also save us from regrets and allow us to see again the world as a place of beauty and hope.
