This film was screened last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were honored by the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who answered questions from the audience after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful film about what it's like to get lost and start finding your way. The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be both tragic and fun in a manner far too rare. (The movie's trailer strives a bit too much to focus on the comedic aspects.) <br /> <br /> It's a mind-boggling role for Adam Sandler. As he began making the transition to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role represents a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination as he continues his transition to more dramatic roles, like Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing with an autistic man is certainly very different from the traumatized character of Sandler, the two characters, for different reasons, are trapped in their own worlds of isolation and childlike confusion. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we expect from Cheadle remarkable and nuanced performances. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that emerge from this role. But he too is broken and struggles, if not in a way as profound as Sandler's character. Cheadle is struggling with both her marriage and her professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal themselves as the real friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for that part of themselves they have lost and are trying to find. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best major studio films to appear this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is beautiful. Filming in the streets of New York - a city that has experienced a great tragedy and also had to heal itself - is also very beautiful. The roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder himself are all very good. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Mike Binder has really delivered a story that many will connect to on many levels. It is a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. The reign on me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic because it plunges you into the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if she made more charming movies focused on characters like Reign over Me.
