Is everyone surely aware of this most famous story? On Christmas Eve, the ghost of his dead partner visits a heartless businessman who warns him that if he persists in his careless ways, he will be sentenced to a life after death chained. In order for him to avoid the fate of his partner, three spirits visit him and show him visions of Christmas past, present and future, so that he can see, hopefully, the error of his behavior before it's too late. You might think it's a rather morbid story, but it's a Charles Dickens classic and one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the definitive version of the timeless story of Dickens. ; it's the one I always remember looking at school and I remember being absolutely terrified by that! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of the Christmas gift under the bridge and the coming Christmas ghost, that I found particularly scary. How did the film get the 'U' certificate? (For non-British readers, "U" is the lowest classification, it means friendliness for family and children welcome, nothing to scare them, etc. ... This is certainly not the case because some children smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment positively terrifying, with the specter of the Christmas future resembling a mower. <br /> <br /> Anyway, among the many versions of this classic story that I have seen film-adapted, perhaps the most faithful of the book.The most remarkable is notably a segment rarely seen in the cinematic adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of the Christmas gift showing Scrooge the two hidden children under her dress (you would never go off with such a scene nowadays!) children represent Ignorance and Need (although changed in Want in this film). <br /> <br /> The critics for me are however apparent after having Revised with more objective and more trained eyes, the main one being George C. Scott's portrayal of Scrooge just does not seem cold enough. He's laughing too much. I do not want to use the word jolly because of course Ebeneezer is anything but that, but he seems to be just a grumpy old man, rather than the really cold, cold and indifferent man he is in the book and the other movies . Patrick Stewart described it very well in one of the last filmed versions, and Michael Caine, although playing with the Muppets, was absolutely cold. In addition, the evolution of the character throughout the film, as he learns more about the error of his behavior and the path of redemption, is unconvincing and seems incoherent. He seems to have changed little by the time he reached the last lesson of the third mind. <br /> <br /> But ignore this argument (although major), it remains a captivating and ultimately comforting Christmas tale because all Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like the perfect scenic snow-covered city that many Americans probably still imagine (the truth is that even then, London was gray and filthy) and the snow would never have been so white. !) is so impeccably dressed too, even the poor people look pretty dapper. But of course, it's a Christmas movie, so why would not everything be beautiful? Perfect viewing of the holiday season; coupled with copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman and you have everything you need.
