This modern film noir, with its quirky humor and dizzying succession of twists, delivers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to feel compassion for the honest and modest hero or to tackle the way he tries to get out of the terrible situation in which he finds himself, so you can only buckle up your seat belt and take full advantage of it. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary man making a bad decision and then finding that the repercussions drag him into an uncontrollable sequence of events he can not get out of is pure black film . The same goes for the themes of murder, deception, corruption and duplicity that are ubiquitous. Many known black visual motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke is lit, the soggy roads at night, the shady interiors and the shadow lines (created by louvered doors) on the faces of the guests. people. <Br / <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded veteran with no money or job, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming, and gets caught by the owner, Wayne Brown (JT Walsh), for he is willing to use to murder his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reluctant person, does nothing to dissuade Wayne from his misunderstanding, especially since he could use a job and does not realize at the beginning what he should do. After learning about his mission and receiving a $ 5,000 advance, he goes to Suzanne's home and warns her about Wayne's plan. She does not seem too worried about the danger and offers Michael double the fee Wayne had given him to eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he has received from both parties. and leave the city. His plan fails, however, when he accidentally goes to a man in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to be treated for his injuries. In the hospital, things get complicated when it turns out that the patient is Suzanne's lover and has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the involvement of the local police and the revelation that Wayne is the sheriff !! From that moment, the situation becomes even more complicated and resolutely more dangerous, especially when the great success, Lyle, Dallas (Dennis Hopper), enters the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has a lot of suspense, (for example, the scene in which Michael escapes Wayne's bar) and excellent performance of the very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing in that he reacts to various situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty. J T Walsh is also particularly talented as a deceitful character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is extremely threatening as a hitman (a role he plays with great brilliance) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks cold and calculating as a femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and humor in his role as a sensible truck driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to be denied a movie release, but rightly so. came out of his modest beginnings to finally be recognized as the big movie that he really is.
