What we have here is a fucking good 90s thriller that, while perhaps lacking in substance, still offers quality entertainment throughout its execution and overall makes everything you could wish for a film of this nature. I saw this film mainly because it was directed by John Dahl, a very underrated director behind great thrillers such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought that if this film lived up to what I've already seen from the director, it would be worth watching - and Red Rock West is certainly a film that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the overly moral Michael; a man traveling across America looking for work. He eventually finds him one day when he comes across a bar in Red Rock County. The problem is that the job is to murder a man's wife. He was mistaken for a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing the job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make a getaway. However, his attempts at escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle shows up ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy putting thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and another decade after that film with Roadkill. It's not difficult to understand why Dahl chose this type of venue, because it provides a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller like this. Dahl also gives his film an atmosphere of "noir film", the plot focusing mainly on the central character and the word in which he is immersed is full of dark and mysterious characters. The cast of actors is largely very good, with Nicholas Cage doing a great job in the lead role and getting support from the upper class of Lara Flynn Boyle, J. T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; which again controls the screen with its superior performance. I must say that the second part of the film is not as captivating as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring and the way Dahl orchestrates the grand finale is excellent, as all the central characters become a part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie you will not regret watching. It's exciting all the way through, and you can not ask for much more than that!
