Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although she has regularly produced films and television programs since the 1930s, her golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of masterpieces of comedy, including featured the great Alec Guinness. Among these well-known titles are "Whiskey Galore! (1949), "Passport for Pimlico (1949)", "Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949)", "The Lavender Hill Mob (1951)", "The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)" and "The Ladykillers (1955)". "One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films," The Man in the White Suit ", was released in 1951 and portrayed Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who creates a remarkable fabric, an invention that unexpectedly more enemy than his friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and misunderstood, but he has a scientific talent in abundance.Because of his under-qualification, the only jobs he can get are those as a guardian or worker in one of the big textile factories, where he secretly undertakes his own experiments using the company's money and equipment.After being discovered and ejected countless times, Sidney is convinced that only a few weeks remain of a breakthrough scientific breakthrough that will revolutionize the textile industry Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), owner of a textile factory, highly interested in the exploits s of Sidney and agrees to fund any additional work. After many unsuccessful attempts and mass explosions, Sidney finally reveals his astonishing creation: an almost luminous white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. If Sidney thought that his invention made him a hero, then he was cruelly disappointed. The very powerful textile industry bosses, led by the fragile Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), come together to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could completely paralyze their activities, never goes to high production. ladder. Similarly, the humble workers of the workers' union have heard of Sidney's creation and have tried to erase it from their existence, fearing for their jobs. The inventor, however, is convinced that the ever-lasting fabric will bring relief and happiness to many people and refuses to yield to the demands of others, even though he is threatened with violence and offers 250,000 compensation. During all his troubles to announce his invention to the media, one person offers Sidney all his sympathy and support, the daughter of Birnley, Daphne, engaged to someone else, but who falls in love anyway the situation. <br /> "The Man in White Costume" is an intelligent and hilarious comedy, highlighted by a spiritual script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and an original and charismatic performance of an inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also some smears of good humor against capitalism and how big industries can hinder progress to preserve their own monetary situation, although we can certainly see the arguments on both sides of the debate.
