Often referred to as a comedy, The Man In White Suit is more than laughing here and there. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who does not have the opportunity to put his inventions to good use. the world because no one is pointing it out to him, he's just the weird man of the job about the place. After blowing himself into Birnley's textile factory, he uses his lab to achieve his goal of inventing a fabric that not only does not wear out, but does not need to be cleaned either! He was first proclaimed a genius, and those who did not know him suddenly wanted a big part of him, but then the sadness that presages a thriving industry raises his head and the applause quickly turns into something much more frightening. <br /> Yes, the movie is very funny, some scenes are hilarious, but it is the satirical edge of the film that makes it well above the ordinary. The contradictions regarding the advent of technology are a crucial theme here. Do we want inventions that save us money while closing industries? It's enough to see what happened to the coal industry in Britain to find out what I'm talking about. The decade in which the film was shot is a crucial point to note, the making of nuclear weapons has become more than just hearsay, the science has reached frightening proportions. You watch this film and see the fast turn of events for the main protagonist Stanley, from heroes to enemies in one fell swoop, victim of his own pursuit for the better of humanity !, It is so dark that the film should be call The Man In The. Black Suit. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I can not find anything wrong in this film, the scenario of Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and the director Alex Mackendrick could be shot today and he would not be moved. is the sharpness and thought of the spirit that he has. The sound and the setting are fantastic, the direction is transparent, with the tonal shift perfectly managed by Mackendrick. Some scenes are simply wonderful, including 29 years later, in David Lynch's Elephant Man, and yet, after such a recession, the film manages to take a Wink while the genius of Alec Guinness ends the film for that the spectators do not ask questions about Stanley's future, but also about the rest of us in this fast-changing world. <br /> <br /> A timeless masterpiece, thematically and as a work of art, 10/10.
