In my mind, the best of Ealing's comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme of workers and management (with a lot of discussion about unions and rights) may be a bit of film because it is no longer a subject to date, but that does not prevent "White Suit "to be a classic of the series. <br /> <br /> The plot about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up causing trouble in the textile industry, does not seem exciting when it is written, but the film retains this essential spark of fantasy mixed with the reality that distinguishes it as a real comedy Ealing. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! Alec Guinness's full-length white suit throughout the second half becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and sequences, such as the fact that Guinness can use his indestructible wire to climb a wall! The script itself is witty dry - "Is he okay?" "Yes." "Pity." - and the characterization is first-rate. I am always amazed by the wonderful sense of these films. Comedies from later eras would adopt a mentality of "pointing the camera at the actors and letting it roll", but Ealing's films have always tried interesting insights, angles and innovations. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is the cast that raises the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives an incredibly sober performance, with eyes that convey wonder, joy and overwhelming defeat whenever history demands it. Stratton is a man unaware of anything but his job. Such an insular character could have quickly become annoying or irritating, but Guinness makes him easily likeable, so much so that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries to impose himself in a world that wants to bury everything. . he has never worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute pleasure to watch as usual, just like the confused Cecil Parker and the slimy Michael Gough; everyone gets tired without even trying. This is a comic British euphemism at its best. <br /> <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is 81 minutes of absolute brilliance, with a beautiful plot, a superb distribution, a sparkling spirit and good health cynicism. Absolutely top.
