One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so funny is its clever editing. The catches that would be considered absolutely essential for most modern comedies are deliberately left out. (This is called the British statement.) <br /> <br /> Three instances: A comic fight is edited like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to their office to try to get him to sign a contract giving up his control of the sheet so that the production can be suppressed. When he realizes this, Guiness gets up and turns to head for the door. Two men block him. "Excuse me," he said softly, taking a step forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting at her desk. There is silence until the buzzer begins to frantically signal. She picks up her notebook and opens the inner office door where a loud noisy Donnybrook is underway and the room is half-destroyed. Guiness crossed the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guiness installs a complex chemical apparatus, but instead of converting the experimental liquid into a new fabric, the apparatus explodes. Again and again, he explodes. The laboratory is rid of all other work. The explosions continue. The ceilings fall. The windows are blown. The director of research sits at his desk in a small office cluttered with debris, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he jumps one foot up. "Sit down," he said to his visitor, "there is another one at any time." It's extremely fun - and there's not a single blast. It would be unimaginable now without a fireball, and maybe a building collapsing in slow motion. <br /> <br /> Last example, consisting of a series of fast and relentless cuts, made with precision. Guiness is being sued and is stuck in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. Faced with two men about to fight him, Guiness recedes with a determined expression. He hits a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust tilts back and bumps against the wall. A blow takes about a second after the bust hits the wall. Another short shot of a metal shield hung above the bust, falling off and falling. Quick break to the head of Guiness amount in the frame. Cut to the two men watching the camera while horrible brass blows and muffled sounds are heard. Cut on the back of Guiness. No one today would have the right to NOT show that Guiness is crowned by this shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue in this way. It's a comedy, but a beautiful bitter in all this hilarity. In solving a set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He is opposed by both management and the workers, which is neither very advantageous. And, of course, the economic implications go beyond the simple stuff. "What about this car that rolls on the water with a pinch of something inside?" one of the workers asks. "Acquired interests," says another worker, while Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What would happen if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I owned Exxon shares - and I think I am - I would shudder at this thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no longer any need for oil? By the way, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? It is a thoughtful and very entertaining film, superbly realized and edited. The list of artists is without equal. Joanne Greenwood with that hoarse voice. Ceciler Parker The mummified wheezing Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A work of first order all around.
