MAN IN THE WHITE COSTUME, as I am JUST RIGHT JACK, has a bleak vision of work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never graduated from university because of an accident in a university laboratory). He manages to establish himself in various industrial laboratories of the textile industry. When the film begins, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (in a memorable moment) tries to impress his future father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the firm he runs. While having lunch with the daughter of Parker and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message regarding some problems with the unexpected budget problems of the laboratory. He reads the huge expenses (due to Guinness experiences) and chokes on his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work at Parker and repeats the same maneuvers he did with Gough - but Parker also discovers it. Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on and convinced Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). As a result, Guinness and his assistant apparently figured out how to make an artificial fiber that can permanently alter the electronic bonds within its molecular structure, so (for all intents and purposes) the fiber stays intact for good. Any fabric made from this fabric will never fade, dirty, or wear - it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a shop steward, but not her boss. He sees Guinness as a sale to the rich. But when he explains what he did, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they will not need new clothes! The other Parkers textile tycoons (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a magnificent performance - and Howard Marion-Crawford) are also panicked by what could end their activities. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness is trying to tell the public the news of his discovery. <br /> <br /> Finally, Guinness is defeated by both science and greed. . But he ends the film by seeing the error in his calculations, and we guess that one day he can still make his discovery. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument of suppression valid? At some point, textile manufacturing difficulties are shown (you need to heat the wires at high temperatures to allow the ends of the material to be joined together.) There is no indication that the fabric will stretch if the owner grows (or contractual if the owner becomes skinny.) Should we believe that people would never want to have only one garment? What about fashion changes and new styles? And the garment is made in the white knight color) . We are told that a dye should be added earlier in the process, it would not have an effect on the chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the textile? <br /> <br /> Alas, this is not the case a scientific article, but a film about the hypocrisies of labor and capital in modern industry, it's brilliant, but the issues I mention do not stop worrying about the merits of suppressing the invention of Guinness.
