"Deliverance" is a striking example of what wonderful films came out of the 70s. While your jaw dropped during a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I do not think so, because you are here to see what new CGIs have been assembled - the plot does not matter. <br /> <br /> So many everyday situations can become terrifying for no reason, as they involve many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ... or a walk in a dimly lit street. "Deliverance" is so scary, because these innocent actions can become deadly in no time. To venture into the undergrowth is to have fun? Anyone who has this notion does not read the newspapers, do not watch the daily news and has not seen some of the other films that describe the seriousness of "intruding" into territories where foreigners are not welcome. It's almost unbelievable that the dish on "Deliverance" did not inform almost everyone that he was going to see that it was not a picnic and that "squeak like a pig" was not part of it from "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <I hate the term "hillbillies" because - as some "users" have written - it devalues ​​entire regions of people who are very happy to live as they know - without the interference of modern life . Much is made of "consanguinity" - it is not the sexuality of the hinterland. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, city dwellers are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them an attitude. I know a lot of "hillbillies" - they are moral people, when they are left to their own devices. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, just like "justice" in the streets of cities. They do not need any part of the city - the city should do canoeing and camping on legal sites. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" is the last movie where I found Jon Voight to play real actors - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but he demonstrated that he could play that role in no time. His role in "Deliverance" was superb. This gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His choked sob at dinner was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! One has to wonder what led him in these other dummies? His manhood, though misguided, in this movie set the tone for the stamina needed to get out of the desert - not only in the undergrowth, but in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar - "Versace" was not sewn on his underwear, but his performance in shock was perfect. As noted, he became stronger than any group at the end of the film. Ronny Cox has been a great morale booster - every man should have the determination to do the right thing. Several "users" assumed he had been shot or lost his balance when he threw himself into the river. My theory is that he was so disgusted with the trip that he committed suicide. No shots were heard during the scene and Voight and Beatty did not find any injuries. <br /> <br /> James Dicey certainly knows how to tell a suspenseful story, and he was awesome like the sheriff - they said he was so terrified of acting, he came every day on the drunken board. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of surviving, but also knew they had no chance against a local jury, no matter how kind they were treated in "Aintry". He was also aware that the meanest of the locals could be cruel. Justice? - "do not come back here anymore" Few "users" knew that "hillbillies" were used in the film whenever possible - which actors could better represent them? The "mountain men" were actually men from the mountains ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this film was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play it. To play? Better to "fight for your life". I've had almost dangerous incidents and I'm happy to live out of the fray - you who feel that your manhood reigns can have my share. <br /> <br /> We absolutely killed - and we continue to do so - irreplaceable areas of this country, undeniable. Being able to visualize one's splendor on any medium is exciting, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize that some people are not interested in it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it was built on the territory of wild animals and firmly believes that humans go before animals. These are their legitimate habitats - we should leave them like this. Why do coyotes, bears and wolves wander around neighborhoods? They are theirs. <br /> <br /> In a less threatening way, we all need to learn from "deliverance" - understanding our technological progress does not lead to supremacy. I thank all the townspeople who have gone to the desert to produce this modern classic, so that it can scare me when I look at it. You can have the thrill of danger - I'll stay on TV. 30 out of 10
