Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 horror / thriller film about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) embarking on a canoe trip on the Cahulawassee River before the construction of a dam. Along the way, a flood (no pun intended) of unpleasant things happens to men. Despite the unpleasant events on this image, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river. The location was really good. Indeed, it would still be a very good movie to watch if the trip by canoe had gone well. The lush forests and the gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible. The place is not only picturesque, but also beautifully shot thanks to the director of photography Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynolds' performance as an outdoor player, Lewis, is the main role in this film. However, I think Jon Voight steals the show with his father's role in the suburbs, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the scene in which climbing the cliff was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. To reduce costs, filming was not ensured and the actors made their own stunts. The soundtrack is particularly remarkable. Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel's guitar and banjo performance as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most impressive soundtracks in film history by the intensity of his performances. At other times in the film, we are treated to a softer, banjo music, which accompanies the descent of the river very pleasantly. For all the highlights of this film, I found a lack of purpose. . It does not build suspense very well and it's not really as bad as we've come to believe. The plot itself is a bit poor and it's not going anywhere. Nevertheless, this film has enough positive points to receive my recommendation. I liked it, but for fans of gore, there was not much. No really, actually. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that turns a bit sour. Think of it as Rambo: the first blood meets three men in a boat. Look for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this film, the soundtrack, the cinematography and the acting is worth 7 out of 10.
