When a movie shocks you with its disturbing and dark atmosphere and takes you by the throat with its superb cinematography, you just know you've come across a treat, a masterpiece of a movie. Although most modern movies are extremely enjoyable, the ones that really shock you are the strongest and most critically acclaimed and most of them stay with you for a lifetime. I proudly say that I am a fan of disturbing films, not just horror films, but also those that send an atmosphere of apprehension. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing, which make you feel cold, make you think that "Holy shit, it could happen to me", and you visually seduce, present some of my favorite aspects in a movie. Because I'm only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I know them well, I did not see them growing up and acting as actors , unlike actors like Shia LaBouf. and Justin Long. I must say that after the long hype and the testimony of Deliverance for the first time, I was admired by these veteran actors in a film made over 30 years ago and I still live in terror against modern cinema . Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the macho leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip down a fictitious river before building a dam filled with all the nature of the water. The character of Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, a kind of nonsense, and filled with machismo. To see him portray the tough guy, made me think of him differently as an actor, because I only saw him as a shabby old man or an angry politician. The dialogue that the director gives to his character gives him enough mischief to be recognized as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty embody novice adventurers Drew and Bob, respectively, for fun on a canoe trip. The actor I loved watching was Jon Voight. Once again, I only saw him as an older actor. However, unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's acting (and I do not consider Anaconda when I say that), such as national treasure films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, is experienced in the adventure but is considered a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and definitely lacks Lewis's machismo. The film begins roughly with the four people driving in a small town while asking to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while canoeing in the rapids and encampment along the river. You immediately get a frightening atmosphere from the hillbilly characters we are introduced to, such as the embedded kid who plays the famous "Dueling Banjo's" at the beginning of the movie with Ronny Cox's character, Drew; and more so the two mountaineers in the rape scene, crucial and disturbing in the movies. As with all atmospheric films, from that moment, fear and confusion invade the characters as well as the audience. It is here that the characters take shape and change shape. The following canoe trip is perfectly mastered and it is from here that men fight against the chances of survival of man and nature. The cinematics of the film do not falter, and I support this comment with the scene in which Ed fights one of the violators of the mountain with a composite bow. As Ed falls on one of his arrows and notices that his enemy is approaching him, his rifle is armed, but he pulls to the ground as he falls with an arrow in his neck; was possible the greatest cinematographic film I saw in a movie. In conclusion, Deliverance is a film whose fear and atmosphere reflect the atmosphere and which remains, to this day, one of the best films in cinematographic history.
