It's one of the greatest movies ever made. It's a classic of all time. The character played by Ned Beatty undergoes one of the largest screen transformations ever made. He is a shallow, almost useless and overweight insurance salesman. He is proud of his ignorance and nevertheless believes that "scammers" are ignorant. When he compliments the old man on his hat, and the old man replies, "You do not know anything," the tone is given. It is true. He really does not know "nothing". But a year after anal rape later, the man is practically a warrior. His superficial false bravery is attenuated and resolved. The old man is forever dead, left in distant woods, soon under hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our intrepid guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior and he is crazy. Burt Reynolds proved himself as an actor in 1972 in this film, letting himself be totally carried away by this magnificent role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis if one wanted to venture into the dangers of a forgotten or soon abandoned world like the one in which our unfortunate travelers find themselves. This film speaks to us on so many levels. The story seems real. It works like a complete action / adventure, with a wonderful cinematography, and rhythmic stimulation. It works a bit like a horror movie, with the danger and almost surreal of encountering vile rednecks who objectify their "sow" Ned Beatty. But it also works like an art movie, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that are important to us. I have seen this film at least fifty times and every time it appears, I have to watch it. You have to watch it several times to begin to understand it. It's a deep film. It's a well-played movie. And it's a hell of a story. I gave him a 10 out of 10 and I put it in my 10 greatest movies of all time, with the list of Schindler, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade, among others. Films that make you think. Films that lead you beyond reflection. Movies that use a story to make their point, without trying to preach to you. If you think you know deliverance, you could do it, but again, you might not do it. It is really good.
