Deliverance is a breathtaking thriller, as exciting as a good thriller must aspire to be, but also to scare the stomach. Although it's not a horror movie, it's just as terrifying as any classic horror movie. The mere nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population is without a doubt the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population, but it was captured and sodomized by a couple of violent hills. Deliverance could easily have slipped into the operating territory, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to follow such a path and made a film that explores, questions and challenges the very meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, you come out wishing to go to heaven that you could put yourself in the place of the hero, perform heroic exploits, save the day and seduce the girl .... but with Deliverance, you go to pray God, you will never make him experience what these four protagonists are going through. <br /> <br /> Four men from the city - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - head to the in the wild to spend a few days in canoe on a river in the process of becoming a dam. The guys ride the rapids two at a time, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently take a little too much of the lead, so they stop by the river and wait for their friends in the adjacent woods. Here, they fall under the yoke of two local woodland dwellers (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them undresses and rapes Bobby by asking him, pervert, " scream like a pig ". Lewis and Drew arrive unseen and Lewis, being an honest archer, kills the rapist while the other hillbilly beats a hasty retreat into the forest. Under emotional shock, the four canoeists decide to hide the event and move away from the area. But they find the river more and more dangerous to negotiate as they head downstream, and the danger to their lives worsens when the surviving young man comes back to shoot them with his rifle from a point of view invisible in rocky cliffs by the river. <Br /> <br /> Rescue is very powerful as a tale of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of machismo attitudes torn apart and left in humiliated shreds. Although all the performances are remarkable, it is worth noting in particular Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would have refused. The film is very similar to the 1971 film, Straw Dogs: the two films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated places and the victim's eventual violent revenge does not bring any sense of satisfaction. The backdrop of Deliverance's rugged countryside is beautiful to watch, but it also adds to the tension by placing the four canoeists in a setting where they are at the mercy of the hills and landscape, with no one to rely on. . It's really a thriller movie at its best.
