You can stage a version of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" with sock puppets and I will probably watch it. Since I was a child, this is one of my favorite stories. It may be for me the idea that this is the idea that everyone is good and that, therefore, nobody is irretrievable, but for some reason, I never miss an opportunity to look at it. one of the many adaptations to the screen of this classic on television, as they are inevitably at this time of the year. <br /> <br /> What really distinguishes this version is the dark gravity that actors bring to their respective roles. The lines we've heard dozens of times in the past have a new intensity and each character becomes more real and more credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is to his eternal honor that, rather than dozing through this often described role of Scrooge, he instead gave it a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances. Wisely, he did not attempt a British accent, but pronounced his lines with that grave, gritty voice. His Scrooge is not just a grumpy old man (as he is so often described), but a man who is deeply angry with the world. As he is visited in turns by each of the Three Spirits, we understand how this anger has taken root, grown up and finally strangled his soul. While he is obliged to review his life, we see him soften alternately, then fall back into an unrepentant obstinacy. And in the big drama scene where, kneeling and crying near his own grave, asks grace, as he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and his desire to change his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and brought to his knees literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge extremely credible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> As impressive as Scott's performance is, all the secondary actors contribute significantly to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example. Often portrayed as an affable jester, he is portrayed here by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity absent from previous performances. When he implores Scrooge, "I'm not asking you anything, I do not want anything from you, why can not we be friends?" We see on his face not only his frustration, but also his grief over the separation that Scrooge imposed from his only living parent. It's a moving performance and one of the most dramatic scenes in the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the performance given by the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay in the role of Jacob Marley, the last partner of Scrooge. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a low point in the film, simply because it's hard to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just ridiculous (ooooh, scary ghost ... not!) In this version, it is perhaps the most fascinating scene of all the film. Marley's entrance, while the door locks of Scrooge open on its own and the sound of the strings resonate throughout the house, is wonderfully frightening. But Marley de Finlay is not an ethereal spirit. It is a tortured soul that inspires both horror and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his rage and regret for a life spoiled by the search for wealth, and his desperation to realize that his sins are now unscathed, are still very human. As described by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the silky Scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish apparition. Finlay really steals the stage here, something not easy to do when you're in front of George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, giving the impression that you're 're experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (Do you remember Equalizer?) Is both jovial and threatening as the ghost of the Christmas present. When he delivers the famous sentence, "it may well be that, in the eyes of Heaven, you are more worthless and less able to live than MILLIONS as the child of this poor man", he is no longer a happy substitute for Santa, but an avenging angel gives Scrooge a much needed verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a wonderfully tart woman, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the long suffering of Bob Cratchit, a man who lives through wearing the triple crosses. of poverty, a sick child and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his joyous courage and, sometimes, his exhaustion in the face of intolerable circumstances. Later, in the scene where the Christmas ghost still shows Scrooge to the Cratchit family after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's performance, though verbal, will rouse you to tears.
