'Deliverance' is a brilliant and condensed epic of a group of resolutely modern men embarking on a canoe trip to commune briefly with nature. On the contrary, they must fight for their mental health, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The film has aged well. Although manufactured in the early seventies, it certainly does not seem particularly dated. He still possesses a visceral punch and an iconic vehicle status of dramatic philosophical and cultural shock after the "Death of the 60s". There are very few films with similar designs that can compare favorably to this one, although Sam Peckinpah's legendary film must be up there. Yes, there have been many debates and discussions on the most conflicting scene of the film (which I will not develop here) - and without a doubt one of the most conflicting scenes in the history of film support -, but what is surprising in this film is how sometimes it is very beautiful. This seems to be generally overlooked (but, in retrospect, quite understandable). Cinematography that captures the essence of the fragile and endangered wilderness is often absolutely stunning. It counterbalances the film since, in a moment of brief madness, the audience - with the characters themselves - are plunged into a relentless nightmare. "Deliverance's narrative is thin and nervous, and it's amazing how fast events unfold, from place of establishment to crisis and the next day. Everything happens very quickly, which gives the film a real urgency. The frame is well established thanks to the opening credits. The characters are all well drawn despite the limited time devoted to the story of the back. We know just enough about them to know them, for the kind of man they are, like them and to fear them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence in the film seem to come out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. This is the theme of author James Dickey - that any dominant romanticism about the nature of the "goodness" inherent in man is perceived and dies only when his instincts of barely repressed animals appear. There are no demons or ghosts here. The predatory hillbillies - as the central villains of the film - are only rude and terribly amoral cousins ​​of our protagonists. They shock because their hurt is lean and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. All reflect the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo Sapiens urbanized during the twentieth century, and they are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as a survivor, Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he can not really find his brief moment of dramatic glory for the rest of his life. - career down ('Boogie Nights' excluded, perhaps). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual effortless effort and both Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make an important contribution. It's just a big quartet of actors. To conclude, I have to speculate on whether and when "Deliverance" will be published in James Dickey's "To the White Sea". For those who enjoyed (?) This film, TTWS is an equally heartbreaking tale of the struggle of a US Air Force pilot for his survival after being shot down during the Second World War by the Japan. Dickey's trademark is rather that of the typically dreary existentialism and primordial savagery, but it has all the ingredients for a truly spectacular and poetic cinematic experience. A few years ago, it was suggested that the Coen brothers would produce it, but it did not succeed. As a Coen-o-phile, it disappoints me to think of what those people might have been had they got the green light from the TTWS, rather than their last two relatively unkind efforts. To return to 'Deliverance', it is impossible to imagine a film of such honest and disconcerting brutality, which is rather shameful. We, the public who go to the cinema, are all the poorest for that.
