This story is told and told and continues to be in every possible way. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken has been recreated in every possible way. I admit I have not seen the classic version of Alistair Sim and I'm sure I'll do it someday, but I'd be blown away if he even touched on this amazing version of the eighties. I think that if Dickens himself had created his story for the film, it would be that one. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich, petty and mean old man receives a visit from the ghost of his ex-partner and warns him against his bad manners. In order to straighten him out, three spirits visit him, each of them showing him a different perspective of his life and the people with whom he is involved, past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this in front of him, he understands very well the mistake he made and tries to avenge all the wrongs he has caused. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely perfect for this role. He takes on the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes his own and creates an incredible character. It's not just a bad old man, but someone who has been affected by certain situations in his life that have made him bitter and angry with the world. He has compassion in him but he keeps her above all the rest and is very involved. Scott plays the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only the main role makes this film, but everything else fits perfectly. It's a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is recreated before our eyes, images and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze on your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this film muted and be dazzled by the landscape. It's not a spectacular landscape in itself but it's real. The film takes us from the market of high class traders to very poor pits of poverty and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast fits their roles and gives life to their literary counterparts. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, including young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. The ghosts each had their own personality and added to the dark atmosphere of this story. A Christmas carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period of English life. This is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years by turning around. The dark sensation of the story is captured in this film and is downright frightening. Yet the end raises your spirits and captures the miracles of Christmas. The score of this film must also be mentioned because it is epic, big and beautiful, whether the score or the music of Christmas, everything fits perfectly. Apparently, Christmas movies are my favorite because I want everyone to see this Christmas carol on top of all the others. 10/10
