Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I am Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are like me, smooth and single do not go together. You see someone you love, as rare as it may be, and you want to say something but you do not do it. Or maybe you say something but it ends up being the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. Most often, though, you look from afar and admire without having to worry about what most people agree is the only way to end it in life? a risk. However, you can not blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he was burned before or maybe he tries to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, others not, and all can be interpreted as excuses rather than reason. You say that you do not need it or that it's not the right time for you, but that you still want it to happen. Whatever you do, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought yes, even a little bit, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is a must. It will reach inside you and will somehow break and warm your heart at the same time. <br /> <br /> The Dan of the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a board columnist admired for his insight. live a balanced, fulfilling and morally uplifting life. About four years before the film starts, Dan wakes up every day, he lost his wife and the love of his life. After this tragedy, Dan had to raise their three daughters alone. Between that and his career, finding love was not one of Dan's priorities. And then he became more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone and resigned himself to never knowing it again. That is until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book store and accessories store in Connecticut on a quiet morning. Their interaction is casual, comfortable and takes them off guard. There is only one problem really. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, this person is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). All his family came to their parents' country house for their annual visit and Dan now has to spend the weekend regretting the ephemeral feeling he had with Marie that morning. It only lasted about an hour, but it only took a short time to wake Dan's heart from a coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to contend with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest at the helm), DAN IN REAL LIFE moves away from time to time with its more ambitious goal. While the hurricane of children, parents, aunts and uncles makes life difficult for Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily to distract, with the presumption that it would lead to a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges told Carell the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to watch Steve Carell blossom more and more with each photo he takes (despite the occasional faux pas of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and obviously humorous. As a Dan, he is self-obsolete, clumsy and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who seeks to find character in his roles rather than relying solely on his comic instincts and established personality. Perhaps more importantly, he is perfectly assimilable to Dan. Whether he is sitting on the camp bed in the laundry where he is forced to sleep, the only adult present at this meeting or wavering around the kitchen, unable to stay anxious, Dan is a man who does not even know who he is. even and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that he becomes both the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> After seeing the film, I wondered if I had liked it as much as I did, despite its slight flaws (Juliette Binoche I know you would like to enlighten from time to time, but I do not do not recommend it unless there is chocolate involved), because of my situation in my life. Has anyone who has found someone else so meaningful and comfortable with this film? I can not tell. What I can say, as a person who knows what it means to be alone, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people should be appreciated and cherished. He also knows that anyone who feels lonely one day for months must be reminded that surprises can still happen.
