Exploitation of the 80s superbly trashy and wonderfully unpretentious, hooray! The opening sequences of the pre-credits give a little false impression that it is a serious and heartbreaking tragedy, but you do not have to fear because ten minutes later, we find ourselves in the throat in senseless chain-saw battles, hard fist fights, dark dialogues and free nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphan brothers and sisters who have an extremely close and even slightly perverse relationship. Can you imagine amusingly tearing the towel that covers your sister's naked body and then look at her unshaven genitals for several minutes? Well, Bo does that to his sister and, judging by her nicknamed laughter, she does not care. Sick, man! Anyway, when they were children, they fled Russia with their parents, but nasty soldiers brutally slaughtered Mom and Dad. A friend smuggler, however, took custody of these people and even trained and trained Bo and Ingrid to expert smugglers. Twenty years later, when the plot takes flight, they face their ultimate quest: the mythical and incredibly precious diamond White Fire is discovered by chance in a mine. Very few things in life have ever made as little sense as the intrigue and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it's certainly very entertaining to watch. Most of the time, you do not know who is fighting for whom or for what cause (and I bet the actors have even less understood) but it does not matter! The violence is beautifully grotesque and every turn of intrigue is pleasantly delayed. The scenario is totally irrefutable, while suddenly ?? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his gloomy black fingers on the local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big breasts but a hideous accent, the absurd but catchy theme song plays at least a dozen times in the film, there is the compulsory editing "we fall in love" and a lot of other attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates as "Life to Survive", which is entirely appropriate because it makes as much sense as the rest of the film: None!
