What can you say about the movie White Fire? Unbelievable? Fantastic? Worrying? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From filmed, from beginner to deep, scrambled, this movie will entertain all the way through. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world. A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers dressed in costume shop uniforms. One night, when the father separates from the mother and his children, you have a precise idea of ​​the type of film you are going to watch. Dad makes sure he rolls in the mountains all in white, and he's polite, he catches people's attention before shooting, but alas, dad is burned alive in what looks like a waterfall that's not well monitored and dangerous. Meanwhile, mom and children run on a beach with an armed soldier about 5 feet behind them. He also issues a stern warning before acting in the form of a "HALT!" Strange, then wasting the mother quickly. This action sequence depicts the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> We will now take a step forward of about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of the hero) in beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred settled in as a professional thief, or a diamond prospector, or something like that. Ingred works in a diamond mine where she uses herself, while Bo (masterfully interpreted by the dynamic Robert Ginty) walks in the desert with his jeans clothes. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have friends other than others and they spend all their time together. This, added to the fact that Bo has expressed his desire to sleep with his sister, as evidenced by phrases such as "you know it's unfortunate that you're my sister," he told her while she is completely naked , which makes it a very dynamic duo. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed, as he wanders on the beaches of Turkey with his pink mourning ceremonial scarf. A renewed hope comes when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and makes her undergo a cosmetic surgery to give her a look identical to that of Ingrid. This opens the door to a sexual relationship between his sister and Bo without it being technically false. Bo is a real fan of ethical gray areas and is thrilled with his new love. <br /> <br /> In short, there are a lot of funny action scenes, a ridiculous violence, an excellent interpretation, impossible to follow the plot. , Fred "the hammer" Williamson (for whatever reason), and a big piece of dirty ice that is supposed to be a giant diamond (which explodes later). All of these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this movie special ... really special. I urge everyone to admire the majesty of White Fire. You can be happy to have done it .. or not.
