the government he fought to establish to recognize his loyalty with a promised and much needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to all those who, like the colonel, suffer from the abuses of a cynical and hardened society that is reinforced by depriving its citizens of the means to live with dignity and determination. Contrary to the absurdity of WAITING GODOT, the colonel's expectation of the arrival of his pension gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film lead the colonel who is masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military pension will come one day and the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, for a reason other than a mental crisis caused by a drunkard during a rigged police fight. Unable to realize the first, and forced to prove to the world the last, the colonel does what he can do: he trains his son's rooster. The rooster is now the warrior who can bring fortune and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his combat network is that of the murderer of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense scene of confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, the murderer of his son, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, a sum sufficient to equal the colonel's full pension. But, it's blood money; chush money intended to hide the fact that those in power have turned their backs on the one who fought for his political ideals and to hide from the world that the warrior colonel's son was murdered because he had written for a clandestine newspaper who defended the labor rights of the unions and the common man. With maximum dignity, the colonel rejects Nogales's offer, picks up his fighting cock, and moves away as nobly as his old legs can carry him. Once home, Dona Lola, his reprimanding wife, wants to know why the Colonel refused the money while they were starving. In response to his persistent question, "What are we going to eat until November (when the cockfighting season begins)," replies the Colonel, "Shit." Feces are what the poor and the sans-droits eat their whole lives, and the excrement is a meal that the colonel chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him.The colonel waits as the only man of honor and value in a world without principles.
