After gorging myself with a series of seemingly immature movies purchased on ex-rent DVDs, I thought the weather was good for a serious drama and better than Sam Mendes to provide it? For various reasons, "American Beauty" does not interest me as much as this film, which is undoubtedly the darkest thing that Tom Hanks did and is probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade . Because it's not just a gangster tale from its original graphic origins, and it's just wonderful to watch it. And despite my usual allergy to any movie that has Tom Hanks on it (I still can not watch "Big" without wanting a cat to kick), I'm glad I tried it, because it's one of those movies you'll get a shot if you miss it. <br /> <br /> Hanks normally plays the role of Michael Sullivan, a devoted family man and father of two sons who grew up during Prohibition in the early 1930s. He is also a professional hit-man for the chef de the mafia John Rooney (Paul Newman), but managed to keep his secret job to his sons. But after his elder (Tyler Hoechlin) saw his father involved in a crowd murder, the couple is forced to flee while John searches for the file. Soon, the father and son are pursued in Chicago where a hit companion (a threatening Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> At first glance, it reads like a pretty gangster movie, but I said, it's not really about gangsters. This is the relationship between a father and son united in the most tragic of circumstances. Hanks is (* cringe *) as beautiful as the tortured man who discovers that everything has its price and that little Hoechlin is as good as Sullivan's son. In all honesty, there is no performance that I can call weaker, the actors are almost irreproachable. As well as the cinematography and the costumes (and it is not often that I rent the costumes!) Which recreates the 30s with an astonishing effect. There has been so much effort to make sure everything is correct and it is paying off. It could easily have seemed nil - they admit that the appearance of the early '30s was hard to suppress - but this is not the case and deserves all the credit. Chicago in particular looks fantastic, lined with hundreds of rickety cars of the time and filled with people in monochrome costumes and hats. A real journey in time, even if it takes a little CGI. <br /> <br /> The story is also gaining, offering a human face to what is often considered a stereotypical genre of movie villain. Law is surprisingly threatening as an almost mechanical killer, Maguire, and proves that you do not have to be Cagney, De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is decidedly black, driving rain and poorly lit warehouses predominate, but at least violence and murders are (finally) seen as having an emotional and psychological impact on the perpetrators and witnesses of such acts. All this evokes an age and earlier films, but it eliminates the old and refreshes with a modern story of redemption in the middle of the gunfire and extortion raids of Tommy-Gun. This may seem a bit slow in places, especially if you are used to shooting in movies like most modern audiences (like yours), but sometimes words can speak louder than actions. Mendes gave a great sequel to his Oscar debut, a movie as smart as it is beautiful to watch. "Road To Perdition" may not be to everyone's taste, but it's a DVD I will not be exchanging anytime soon.
