Driven by the sweltering heat, I could not have been happier. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is set to become one of the greatest movies of all time. Maybe I'm getting older; maybe I just saw the same themes recycled again and again. But this film is very different. <br /> <br /> The story begins with the young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea, contemplating the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best men to live, one of the most Maleficent. This duality meanders throughout the film. The story revolves around crime chief John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney has already welcomed and now serves as the Angel of Death. Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but out of love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he read, takes off in his father's car one evening as his father leaves to "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the family's "business" . Connor lets the situation go out of control and what was supposed to be a warning turns into murder - witness to Michael Jr. After discovering that young Michael had seen what he should not have seen, intrigue is set in motion. conflicting loyalties meet. Soon, Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son, pursued by contract killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not divulge any other details to avoid any potential mess. . However, I strongly encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that arise in the film: problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world at " work ", between good and evil, between those who claim to be men of God and those who are really, between" clean "and" dirty "money, between the city of Perdition and Perdition in hell. And on the way, enjoy the visual brilliance of the director of photography Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for the best photography): rain on fedoras, mirrors (especially on swinging doors), flashes of submachine guns coming out from the shadow, absent no sound. Hall, 75, has not only given us the best cinematographic product of his career, but Paul Newman, 77, offers one of his best performances to date. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I can get old But I have seen a lot ... and it's fresh and invigorating. The Road to Perdition is a lasting and affectionate tribute to the gangster genre, the movies of the '40s, the dark characters of the comics hidden in the dark, the villains and heroes, the American film in general. Go see him!
