If you thought that Sam Mendes's debut film, the highly anticipated American BEAUTY was a film with a style to spare, wait until you see his much-anticipated second effort, the ruthless gangster melodrama of the 30s, ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have described this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a reckless judgment by several critics of Mendes' extraordinary technical prowess. If the mechanics of making a film is what makes a great picture, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of cinematography, editing, and score and of his. What does not have it is that all the great stories and some very rare films grab the attention of the viewer long after the experience of reading or reading. As in American BEAUTY, this film is cold and distant, despite very tense scenes featuring paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story of a successful man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a father - a figure who is also his boss, a former leader of the Irish Mafia (Paul Newman), seems to have been drawn from countless gangster movies of recent years. The father / son motif hovering over this image is so heavy in its treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; the whole enterprise has been carefully worked, and almost all the dialogue is delivered with a benevolent air: it is obviously a gangster film, hence the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of humor; It is only in the scenes involving a young boy driving a van car in a cleverly edited montage that there is a feeling of lightness to lift the invading feeling of unhappiness. the amazing look of this film; in fact, it's no exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed films I've ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will most likely win another Oscar for his work here. The sets and costumes of the production are equally exemplary. In fact, the whole film is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze with his use of bright colors, and he and Mr. Hall again make a very dramatic use of red blood splashed against pale-colored walls, all the more effective and disconcerting that dominating the palette of colors of the film. <br /> <br /> If I have not properly noted the acting, it is not because the actors do not pretend to be skilled; Everyone in the movie is top notch, with a special mention to the two bad guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled and impulsive son of Newman's gangster's father; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a particularly goofy miscreant who pursues Hanks and his son and occupies a very important place in the second half of the film. But playing in such a dazzling film is forced to take a back seat to the photographic fireworks shown here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt it would look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
