This 1984 version of Dickens' classic "A Christmas Carol", directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott in Ebenezer Scrooge. At that time, the filmmaker was challenged to take such familiar material and give it back to fresh and new air; and fortunately, with this film, Donner not only took up the challenge, but surpassed any expectations anyone had of him. He tells the story precisely and in great detail, and extracts performances from his actors who are nothing short of superlatives, especially Scott. It could be argued that the definitive portrait of Scrooge, one of the most well-known characters in literary fiction of all time, was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think with his performance here, Scott has now achieved this distinction. There is such purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult to take into account anyone else in the role once you have seen Scott do it; Quite simply, he's Scrooge. And what a tribute to such a talented actor! to be able to take such a famous figure and make it so unique that his is absolutely miraculous. It's really a joy to see an actor exercise his job so well, to be able to make a character as real, every word he pronounced to the most beautiful expression of his face, and to make it sound so true. It's a study to perfection. <br /> <br /> Other members of the cast are equally gorgeous, but they must be beautiful to preserve the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do it. Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a notable but not as memorable turning point as Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie, "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome face as the spirit of Christmas past; Edward Woodward, tall and noisy, and quite convincing as the spirit of the Christmas present; and Michael Carter, grim and threatening like the Christmas spirit yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner hits just the right note with his Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that stands at the height Scott's Scrooge and Susannah York get the same quality as Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem here, however, is the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is sincere without ever becoming rude, and is simply one of the best - and most real - interpretations ever presented in a film. <br /> <br /> The excellent support cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, as well as the narrator of the film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). Flawless presentation, this version of "A Christmas Carol" sets the standard to which all others must be compared; No matter how many versions you have seen, looking at it is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, every time you think of Scrooge, the image that your mind will evoke will be that of George C. Scott. An entertaining and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual holiday program of each house. I note this one 10/10.
