Wow ... I mean WOW, this must be one of the best stories I've ever had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, are going to train in the forbidden Cursed Springs and, while ignoring their warnings, they both fall into a spring. The father, Genma, the source of drowned Panda. And Ranma, 16, the source of the drowned. Now, with every drop of cold water, they become the very title of the spring in which they landed. Pretty crazy? No, this is only the beginning. As if it were not enough to be one of the strongest teenagers ever transformed into a woman, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy art styles, a crazy principle of high school. , opponents from right to left score points to settle with Ranma, either to have ruined their life soon enough or to "steal" their loved ones. And speaking of loved ones, I forgot how many times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And not once, his fiancee, Akane. And these are just some of the first chapters / episodes in the series. <br /> <br /> The story is incredible. I've never met something so crazy, so weird, so ... so ... out of this world and yet so down-to-earth and believable ... I can not even describe it at maximum. It's just a charming story and easy to understand. What I like is humor. Not once, I have laughed so much of a manga and it is not necessary to try the waterfalls that could be found in Simpson or something. I could read any part of the comic and laughed from start to finish. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you would think that making it too strong would be a setback, but no ... with every little problem that history throws at him, he does his best to survive half the time and his personality is that of a young silly boy. seems, but when the worst happens at worst, it can be a calculating genius. And think of the hundreds of perverts in the series, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts together, is considered by all the inhabitants of his city, and even more by Akane, the worst pervert ever to have lived. His father Genma, one would think that the character of the father would melt in the background, right? Correct! But every time he has spotlights ... he just gives you more reasons to hate him, but at the same time, love him! You think you know the worst father of anime? You did not meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can handle. Probably the strongest character in the series but who has two flaws: one is his curse that turns him into a baby pig, but his worst fault ... is his lack of sense of direction! Then we'll have ... you know, I could spend hours at the computer explaining all the characters, the story, all that's positive about it, but it would not help. <br /> <br /> Discover the series if you do not have it now! You will not regret it! Although I would recommend checking the comics first. I like anime, but I had a hard time getting the series at a good price. And a little nitpick, humor does not seem to translate both anime and manga. I think partly because the comic seems to me more caricatural. But in any case, it's a victory! 10 of 10!
