Certainly, I picked Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve years old. I was in the library and was desperately looking for something good to read. Then I went to the Comics / Manga section and spotted this book. During my first readings in the chapters, I did not really know what was going on, but I knew that I loved him. I even brought him home for some more reading. Frankly, I was not going anywhere. And then, about five months ago (I'm now 16), my friend was watching a cartoon series and I remembered this Manga. I could not remember his name, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, creator of Inu Yasha. I googled it, then I made the foolish decision to watch the 161 episodes. At first, the graphics of 1990 had shocked me a bit, but in the end it did not matter. No anime has ever made me laugh so hard and go back, look again. Once, I watched 45 consecutive episodes in the same day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Finally, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed-as crazy as it sounds-of watching Ranma. I have never found a series so enjoyable, fun and comforting to watch. To date, 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the end of the cliffhanger was enough to make me crazy, but the series alone was enough to make me continue reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 talks about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE martial artists. They are so intense that they went to the old training grounds in China and became "cursed". The fields were filled with different sources of water sources. If you land in one, you have the shape of what is drowned there when it is plunged in cold water. For Genma, it was a PANDA and for Ranma, it was a ... girl! It's a very fun and funny love story. On top of that, Genma promised her friend that Ranma would marry one of her daughters to keep the Tendo dojo alive. Of course, the one with whom he is paired hates his guts and his mutual feelings. Obviously, they begin to love each other, but in both cases, they persist in admitting it. But .. Genma has a story to do that. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's funny, comforting and awesome.
