First, Edison Chen did a fantastic and credible job as a Cambodian hit-boy, born and raised in garbage dumps and in a gladiatorial ring, where he perfected his wild battery art to survive, living under the mantra of being killed. In a role that has had little dialogue, or at least some lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing, probably what should have been in the Jet Li Danny the Dog vehicle, where a man is raised for the sole purpose of fight, and on someone else's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, the so-called bare-fist combat sequences are not stylistically choreographed, but designed as normal, brutal punches, where everything goes. This has probably brought realism and courage when you see the characters beating their throats against each other, defending their own lives while keeping them away from others. It's a dark, sandy and dark movie, literally and figuratively, which sets it apart from traditional detective film. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a pistol rented from Cambodia, who becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, fleeing the cops while his truck went wrong. The team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who is battling inspector Ti (Sam Lee), a member of the maverick, is responsible for prosecuting the case. His inclusion and acceptance on the team concerned his father's sins. So begins a game of cat and mouse in shadows and dark shadows on the darker side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on many levels, especially in character studies of the man-hit the cop. On opposite sides of the law, we do not see in each character black and white, but shades of gray. With the hit-man, we see his benevolent side when he became connected and developed a feeling of love for a girl (Pei Pei), bringing a sense of maturity, tenderness and revealing a gold heart. The cop, with dubious tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how you can freeze when you're ready to do whatever you need to do the job. There are many interesting moments of moral questions about how ignoble and anti-hero strategies are adopted. You will ask what makes a man, and what makes a beast, and if we tend to change sides according to circumstances - do we have that dark inner trail within each of us, turning from man to dog, and from dog to man? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the beginning and never lets up until the end, although there are mid-point points that seemed to drag on, especially at his tender moments, and he also suffered from not knowing when end. If I have to choose a favorite scene, it should be the one of the Market Restoration Center - extremely well controlled and delivered, which is a startling benefit for your headquarters. Listen carefully to the score, and you will not dream if you hear dog grunts. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended, especially if you think you have seen almost everything about the crime thriller.
