Despite being far enough from my expectations, I was deeply impressed by Dog Bite Dog. I praised it without much knowledge, but I was basically expecting it to be a martial arts / action film in the traditional Hong Kong tradition of action, of which I am a devoted fan. I ended up having something completely different, which is not a bad thing at all. Although the film can be classified as such, and the film certainly has good action and melee action scenes, it is certainly not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, which is rather unusual in many Hong Kong action movies. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of the characters and the character relationships that are described there. The main character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex at the end of the film than I would have thought sooner after watching the first thirty minutes. The characters of the police also completely defied my expectations. In fact, the brutal and honest portrayal of the dark side of the police was quite possible, but rather my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know if I would say that Dog Bite Dog completely subverts the typical notions of bad criminal, good cop, but it certainly deforms them in a way rarely seen in the film (unfortunately). I find that so many films, especially Hong Kong action films, describe the police in a frankly idealized way. This is one of my least favorite things about gender. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog actually had very unique and brave ideas about the police. There are bargaining scenes in this movie that I have never seen before, and I doubt I'll ever see again, and I'm sure I'll remember it for a long time. In addition, the criminal characters are also shown from an interesting point of view. In the film, Cambodian children under the age of ten are filmed to fight to death with their bare hands. The most powerful and moving moments of the film. That says a lot about why these guys are what they are, rather than just condemning them. In addition, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the garbage yard reveals a lot about his character. Only when this element entered the film did I really begin to see it as an emotional rather than a visceral experience. There is something about most of the on-screen relationships that does not quite happen to me, but for some reason, this one really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role which, I guess, was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also offers a breathtaking cinematography, although it is unfortunately quite uneven. I found some really striking moments, especially in the last segment of the film, but there was also a lot of work with the camera that was just OK. Another small problem I had was with the pace, which, in my opinion, was also uneven. I found that a lot of "boat search" scenes were a bit alienating, although everything went quickly after that. The action scenes are short and not too many, but they are really powerful and effective, especially towards the end. The choreography of combat is not really impressive for most, although its merit is solid and realistic enough, but the real strength is the emotional content behind the fighting. The final scene, while not a martial art marvel or combat choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I've ever seen, and I've seen quite a few Martial Arts. <br /> <br /> I guess The most important thing to know if Dog Bite Dog is going to make a big difference is whether or not you can communicate with the characters. All of them are certainly some of the most imperfect characters that can be seen in any movie, but there was something very human in all of them that I could not help but be attracted and really feel for them, especially Chen's girlfriend. I have to say I doubt that most people will like the movie as much as I did it just because I imagine most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but I recommend it all the same strongly. It's truly a deeply moving and effective film if you give it a chance.
