I must be honest. I have not seen a film as solid as DOG BITE DOG for a long time. I'm a big fan of old-school "CATIII" movies from the late '80s to the mid-'90s, and I've heard that this "style" of movies is back in force with movies like this one, and Herman Yau's GONG TAU (which I had not seen so far yet ...), so I was very interested to give a shot to some of these more recent CATIII movies. Did this film meet my expectations? Absolutely - but not fashionable as I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, animal-friendly, resourceful and virtually unstoppable Thai hit-success with a somewhat vague story that comes to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Due to a lack of luck, he is quickly identified by a mischievous copy (which releases many qualities identical to those of our hit-man), and is quickly apprehended and captured. This state of affairs does not last long, however, as the nameless assassin escapes from his captors and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken lightly. The hunt is open and a game of cat and mouse between the police and the "rabid dog" (as the police designate it) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog inadvertently befriends a slow-witted young woman. A bond is created between the two when it helps him out of a delicate situation. The purpose of Mad Dog is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand by any means necessary, and the police continue to try to bring him back alive ... <br /> <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs on this film complex and carefully stratified, but I do not want to reveal too much. I saw DOG BITE DOG do not know anything about the premise, and I think it's the type of movie that is much better appreciated this way. For comparisons with older CATIII films, there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG presents hyper-violent moments reminiscent of "good old days", but are never as sordid or filthy as classics such as THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. The main goal of many older CATIII movies was to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and complete production (though it does NOT detract from the CATIII movies that are so dear to me ...). more "emotional" than exploiting, and as we learn more about the characters and their origins, the audience begins to bond and identify with both sides. There are really no "good guys" and "bad guys" because Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion and the cops refrain from resorting to extremely unorthodox methods to try to refine the murderer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, characteristic of the older films of CATIII. Personally, I would compare more DOG BITE DOG to SYMPATHY FOR Park in Park. VENGEANCE or perhaps BANGKOK DANGEROUS of Brother Pang, because these two films mix extremely emotional nuances with a strong and flawless action and violence. Again - there is almost nothing I do not like about this movie. The acting is impeccable, the cinematography is sharp and well done, and the whole film skillfully mixes different elements successfully, so that we do not see often. This movie (and other similar ones ...) is it the "rebirth" of the film CATIII - not exactly - but it's a very solid movie that definitely deserves to be watched ... 9/10
