People who know Asian cinema as a whole know that Japan is famous, or known for its hyper-violent films, and that Korea is in the process of building a reputation for its brutally brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily becoming as hyper-violent as Miike's craziest movie, is not as brutal as all of Korea's ambitious attempts, it's a perfect go-between with its own brutality. clean. The greatest strength of this film, however, like the greatest of Japanese or Korean attempts, is that brutality, rather than harming the film, actually develops the characters, if not, advances the story. The two main characters are both incredibly vicious with their own motivations and emotional grounding to be as such. The character of Sam Lee, for example, is at the limit from the beginning and slowly and surely, through various encounters with the character of Chang, he is revealed why he is. Without spoiling this part of the story, it implies the morally ambiguous nature of his father. The character of Chang, on the other hand, has his most primordial perfected instincts, even perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, the archive of Chang's story, without necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals one side of our animal nature that many forget to know what is the natural ability to recognize another broken animal (and no, I do not speak about Sam Lee, but rather about The character of the girl in the garbage of Pei Pei). However, after about 80 minutes, it is more or less a very simple cat and mouse, or Dog chase Dog, a movie in which each encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square someone will die) and the fun part of the movie is to never know who will commit the act. Which brings us to the weakness of the film. Unforunatley to deepen it would still be a spoiler but, to put it simply, he is guilty of pushing one of the film's main points since, rather than letting the point be formulated as it is in the 80-minute film, the film goes for about 20 minutes to emphasize it more. Do not get me wrong, if the transition from the 80 minutes to the climax was better and the final act was not filled with soft music (in fact, if, like the majority of the movie, kept the music to a minimum) and let the annoying sound effects do their job), it would still have worked and not harm the movie. Despite the fact that the third act had the most vicious and bloody encounter, the way it was treated gave her the impression of being insulted and almost insulted the viewers' intelligence, as she felt she had to go as far to pass it. . Nevertheless, it remains a breath of fresh air in Hong Kong cinema, even the bloodiest of martial art movies never reaching the level of brutality and brutality while maintaining the character of his characters.
