SENSATIONAL. If you think a movie can not tire you, you have not seen Dog Bite Dog. This film does not make any noise and it does not hesitate to show very disturbing images. Just like Salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's crisp, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever made in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The scenario is more or less the same, but do not continue. thinking it's incredibly cliché. He is essentially a troubling and obsessive detective in a game of cat and mouse, against a professional and emotionless hit-man. Although the script offers nothing new on the surface, it raises many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child, without mercy, without remorse? In our turn, we humans do not act less than mad dogs when we are blinded by anger, it is a sad truth. It is a subject that the director explores brilliantly, without limiting himself at all. In addition to hunting cat and mouse, the script also develops two distinct scenarios for the main characters. One is love and the other is redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is always beautifully written and keeps you glued to the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The acting is really good. Edison Chen as a Hit-Man is incredible; he proves that he is not a beautiful face. He is ruthless, vile and beyond friendly. Sam Lee as an obsessed cop is also remarkable. The support distribution, in short, is excellent. The music also deserves mention. Very dark Ben Cheung score, with some light and effective songs played at the key dark moments of the film. Yuen Man's cinematography is also very good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well paced, incredibly played, marvelously scored and really good at the end of the day. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like violence, you should stay away from it. If you do not like to see heavy negativity in a movie, it's not for you too. In the end, a powerful film, 8/10.
