It's remarkable and laudable to see how screenwriters and directors continue to make great movies with one of the oldest and most (used) stories in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically nothing more than the simple story of a solitary copper obsessively pursuing a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest of the world by its extreme violence and relentlessness. This is without a doubt one of the most difficult and uncompromising films I have ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come straight out of hell! Even the episodes of Chan-Wook Park's revenge trilogy (with the exception of "Oldboy," perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III movie ever released are as sadistic and brutal as some of the events described in "Dog Bite Dog". Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands on the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of a prominent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the scene, the young agent Wai sees how Pang hurries away from the crime scene and follows him. The first confrontation between the two rabid dogs resulted in a gigantic bloodbath, Pang mercilessly killing several hostages and even Wai's longtime friend and colleague. From there, start a thrilling and action-packed game for the cat and mouse between the frustrated policeman and the professional killer. The latter also saves a girl from constant sexual abuse committed by her father and stays with her in his shed in the garbage dump. What makes this routine / thriller so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, the handyman, is a Cambodian orphan and he has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, has no pity and hardly speaks. Wai, the cop, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his model father (also a cop) is in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he shouts at them and is ready to sacrifice everything to put an end to his new enemy. It is advisable for people with weak stomachs or tangled nerves to stay away from this film because the cruelty and shocks presented in "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. This is not the type of violence where bloody heads and cut limbs fly in the air, but rather the intense and quite disturbing type where people are trying to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The shooting locations are indeed dark and strange and the extremely sober music makes the already tearing tone of the film even more petrifying. The performances are great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee also treat each other as enemies on the set because their hatred and disgust on the screen are a bit too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can stand it. If you fear you can not, wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly ease the premise.
