Most critics say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This film is a little different from the rest, and to think of it as best or worst depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you may be slightly surprised. While Bilitis looks like her books in a movement with all these young girls discovering themselves and relationships with them at the limit of lesbians, with a plot linking these scenes, Laura focuses on few characters which allows to develop relations between they (man-woman, artist-model) but if we see beautiful pictures, many of which are better than the average, their number is reduced to the purposes of the plot. Tender cousins ​​are different from both, there is only the Hamilton movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. For this reason, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, resembling an erotic comedy (but not the German "soft-core" type - fans of "Schulmädchen report" would be very disappointed). You will not laugh a lot, but you can smile (and that's something you do not get in Hamilton often). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of women varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual work, this one is not moved and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and do not take us from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a scenario in his hands. Girls on the beaches, in the shower, in dimly lit rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, whatever the amount of clothes - it's his territory, he can film minutes and hours and whatever he always feels the artist's eyes and hands behind him. But when he has to present the average daily life, he ceases to be Hamilton and becomes an average director who only follows the scenario. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are only part of his job. And in Tendres cousines, we have an opposite situation: her daughters are not in the best position. Nature, garden, home remind us of Hamilton's work (an often neglected part), while girls, even naked, have nothing special about the way he presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused to have a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared tell him he should not do it), but he neglected that for which he was mostly praised.
