I like the artistic photographs of nude women of David Hamilton at the edge of femininity, sometimes erotic, but never pornographic. Someone else liked them too, because my David Hamilton books had been stolen. In a book, we saw some pictures of a young boy, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, which turned out to be either stills of the movie Tender Cousins, or maybe pictures taken on the set. <br /> <br /> The art of fixed photography unfortunately does not automatically translate into cinematography. The soft focus becomes blurred and the discrete angles become confused, perhaps because they can not be taken into account while moving. You see it or you miss it and you have no time to observe, to understand. The film is supposed to be a joke, and funny things happen, but it does not "hold together", perhaps because the story is so slow and one wonders what's going on. Finally, Julien, 14, has sex with his cousin, but it is a soft nucleus, without genital contact visible on camera. As it's a farce, we have a disappointing and embarrassed virgin caught in the act of gagging and, after catching them, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experiment. To be fair, the film is in French and respects the French cinematographic forms, which is perhaps too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help us, Phillistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this film is a child pornography and this certainly stems from the current climate where the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No sensible person wants to approve or seem to approve sexual abuse of children, so there is almost no room for children to be seen, even in the most moderate erotic context, without immediately triggering alarms about violence. and sexual exploitation. Guys will think "Lucky Julien!" even though they agree that sex and children in movies are a "bad thing", while wishing they could have been a Julien at that age. Women too may have similar thoughts, but all these considerations must be removed from our conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic and questions about children and sex are rigorously avoided. Too bad, because the sexual awakening is a real human experience. After all, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien does. It is a suitable literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think, was taking the risk of shooting a movie on this subject even in 1980. He had a little success in exploring this sensitive subject and, unfortunately, it is unlikely that we would see better in the near future, for fear of child porn tag.
