It was a very entertaining movie and I really enjoyed it. I do not rent movies like these (ie independent films), but I was attracted to the movie because it was amazing casting, including Jamie Kennedy, which I've loved since the Scream trilogy. The director took a risk (and that's a risk) by telling the stories of many people (and I mean MUCH) to different people and mingling at various intervals. Taking this risk was a good idea because the end result is a very good movie. <br /> <br /> The film has some main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - an unfortunate fortune cookie writer whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks because of an argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - a technician of aircraft loaders who loves all living things (with the possible exception of housekeeping) and who despite his good heart has more and more bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a germaphobic Chinese restaurant / donut who fears microbes, puts his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to follow his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk) whom he is convinced to try; stop it, have fun, ridicule, go crazy, and do not live a normal life. They are starting to have petty and almost crazy arguments and Olive is seriously beginning to have doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life does not go very well, when bad things start to make their life, he decides to take it in hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of her dreams and that they are destined to each other, even if she is more skeptical. He tries to woo her at every opportunity and certainly makes some attempts! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his post and has doubts about his role as a provider. He occupies another position for which he just does not fit. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) comforts throughout her job loss experience until she learns that Johnston was not a loving husband as she believed. <br /> <br /> Overall, I definitely suggest this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
