The only reason I give this is that the other child actors who played Tadashi's executioners were not up to the task. I presume it was just children who had the right age and good time, but they were not well trained and their scenes were a minor embarrassment. <br /> <br /> I say not to judge this by the American standards, because it is full of ambiguities and ambiguities that Japanese culture easily accepts, and is not indebted to moral constraints black hat / white hat. "The movies are regularly submitted to. For example, there is a precious time when Tadashi's small group of yokai companions find themselves abandoned and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo - the Kirin avuncular herald - does what a stressed-out Japanese adult would do. Hint: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This image also features the best product placement for beer you'll ever see in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, there is a moment when a teacher hits a couple of bullies on her head with her time card. There was a TV commercial in Japan a few years before the release of this movie. It was a clay animation in stop-motion on a depressed child who played the guitar and sang the blues in his room. His mother shouts from below to keep quiet. Then someone gives him a candy bar and he comforts and sings a happy song, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and gives him a slap that leaves him a mark in his forehead. I mention this advertisement because it was considered funny, and I did not hear any objection to this advertisement during my stay. There is much more blood and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it was an American film, I would be upset about it, even if it was not necessarily the lessons of morality drawn at the end of the painting, which, of course, are not not black and white either. Since this is a Japanese film, I accept the fact that these cultural norms allow images that would not exceed the norms and incite the police to play in a US production. However, I would probably be a little uncomfortable taking young children to see him without giving them a kind of briefing before the show and / or a post-show report about violence and other things of a different color. , or I would wait for them to do it. are older to show them.
