Last night, I had the pleasure of seeing the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and I said it was a real treat. The directors were present and then asked questions. The film begins with a young boy who crushes a cockroach under foot, a man who is near the parking lot parked his car sees the boy destroy and rush to ask the boy why? Why? did he have to kill this living being? in a hurry to warn the young man in his error, the man neglects to pay his meter, which triggers a series of events involving people unrelated to him, some funny, others sad and others ridiculous. This movie has a lot of laughter, a lot! and there are many actors you will recognize. The main actors who have distinguished themselves in the film have been for me: Jamie Kennedy (from his humorous show Jamie Kennedy Experiment, interpreting a fortune cookie writer, John Carroll Lynch (interpreter of Drew's brother during the show of Drew Carey) and the animal Brian Cox (Manhunter's first Hannibal Lecter) plays the germaphobic owner of a joint Donut and Chinese Food Take Out (a line where Cox asks his chief to wash pork blood) it's about sidewalk saying "clean up this death," which is quite fun especially because of Cox's "obsession with germs." The funniest moment of the film comes when a young boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the day, scream `MotherF ***** 'while you're in the classroom Another extremely funny and surreal scene is where Trudie Styler (Ms. Sting herself) and another actor play a scene on a cable access show , From the film wherein the plastic bubble boy. The actor who hosts the cable access is simply amazing. He is so serious and impassive and his performance, both fascinating for the doctor and for the boy, is captivating. There are many other fun and funny actors and actresses in this film and having shot it in less than a month on a budget of about $ 1 million, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are professional screenwriters , having written Crazy / Beautiful and the next Tuxedo with Jackie Chan) have made a fantastic, funny and endearing film.
