Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and rightly so. So I'm happy to see one of their movies. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) completes his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweepers who come in to do their job and very quickly, Ollie wants to get away from Stan by making mistakes. Ollie goes on the roof to help with the other end of the brush up the chimney, but Stan in the living room eventually pushes him back into the attic. After breaking an extension cord, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded pistol, from the wall, and of course, he pulls the brush. Stan goes to take a look and Ollie, standing on the roof door of the attic, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks him if he was hurt and Ollie only responds with "I have nothing to say". Ollie goes back on the roof, and Stan and he are caught in a tug and pull the quarrel that ends in Ollie falling and destroying the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, in the fireplace is hit in the head by many falling bricks, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with smoke from chimney ash, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan . The boys decide to clean up the mess and when Stan rips the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asks "Can not you do anything good", and Stan replies "I have nothing to say", gets shoveled on the head. When Ollie holds a bag for Stan to shovel in the ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall. The ashes eventually fall on Ollie's pants. Stan gets another shovel in his head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and performs a final test on a duck, with a drop in a water tank, to turn him into a duck. He also shows boys his success by turning the duckling into an egg, then he proposes to use a human subject, namely his butler. While he's gone, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being knocked over by Stan in the water tank with all the formula. In the end, what was once Ollie comes out, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all he says is "I have nothing to say," and Stan moans. Filled with super slapstick and all the classic comedies you could want from a black and white movie, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 comedians. Very well!
