It's an unusual comedy by Laurel & Hardy with a personality with a double personality: it sometimes feels like two films of different styles come together in a short film. Fortunately, each part is funny in itself and seemingly effortless clowns of the boys take the day and synthesize the disparate elements of the film into an entertaining whole. Although I've never heard a fan mention DIRTY WORK as his favorite comedy, Laurel & Hardy, it's nonetheless a comedy that seems to please everyone. <br /> <br /> Our story takes place in Professor Noodle's house, which is a key element of the plot: an extravagant parody of Mad Scientist scripts. This marks a rare adventure in science fiction territory for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges mingle with mad doctors much more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can rejuvenate people, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the skepticism of the viewer with rolled eyes and occasional tweaks. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweeps who come to the teacher the same day he perfects his solution. "Their" part of the film is made up of slapstick features (but first-rate) involving the chimney, roof, shovels and a number of unfortunate accidents. If you do not like watching these guys mess up a task, you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for the fans of the team, this movie is a treat. The highlight of the day comes when Ollie falls into the fireplace, lands in the fireplace, and is bombarded with bricks that fall on his head with an exasperating rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like Ollie's falling from the roof in a greenhouse; the process is so tedious that I suspect it was a kind of inside joke, as W.C does. The Fields films would have the worst rear projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> The burlesque movie is a lot of fun, but it's the crazy scientist's motive that makes this film off-beat, and two supporting players deserve one of the hatter's tips: prolific character actor, Lucien Littlefield is great as a teacher, delivering his over-ripe lines with delight and chuckling with hammy glee, while Sam Adams is a point in the less dramatic role of Jessup the Butler. Although Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were some of the best, it is always interesting to note that their supporting roles at Hal Roach have given their films a huge boost. Like Le Roy Shield's background music, she did it too, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare opportunity from this period for which a Roach comedy has no musical accompaniment after the opening credits. Mood Music could have improved the procedure, but it does not matter; It's a very nice comedy anyway, and a great example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
