I found this film the first time I was looking for works in which Stéphane Rideau took part, always in an extraordinary delight provoked by the astonishing beauty of André Téchiné's "Wild Reeds" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres). I was looking for similar films, at the edge of maturity. I then found "Almost Nothing", a film where the director Sébastien Lifshitz delights us delightfully. He was nominated by the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The story is about two guys, the nice "boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during the holidays. summer. In a country far from home, Mathieu spends his days at the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a resident of the city, with whom he begins this summer relationship and revealing, thanks to the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives to his characters (in "Wild Reeds", 6 years old young, he preserves innocence of the sweet seducer, the witch matures here in experience). Example in the realization, in the love sequence, in the intimate and confessing description that is made of a boy who first faces his (still ambiguous) sexuality and his great love. The first love, in its terrible progression ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fervent passion, the warm and excited rationalism, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance made by the families, although not without surprise and first anger. There is still the beach, the brightness, the lightness and simplicity of summer, the coolness of the breeze, the melody of the wave, and the expressive look of an introverted Elkaim (hesitant, hurt, perplexed, passionate). Sex is neither avoided nor exploited, it is treated as such, without exhibitionist intent. By virtue of his pure talent, it is a play of an unusual quality, without inexpensive sentimentalism, which inevitably shows the real image of two homosexuals in their very first youth, like any ordinary person, but with a social fear of rejection and shame. This is definitely worth seeing, especially by those who love French cinema (although the cover of the DVD is very lame, the two actors are between dozens of stars greased to the brilliant). In my opinion, a witch deserves an 8-9!
