I agree that the film is a bit slow in places where there are many scenes of everyday social life without dialogue. And I was not impressed just after watching it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stays with me and that it evokes a melancholy mood that persists in my mind. My appreciation of this film is increasing. This certainly deserves a greater consideration than those films that are instantly forgettable. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out, the film is non-linear and is a trademark of European cinema as opposed to the linear narrative form Favors of Hollywood. I do not really know if it's true or not. Many do not like its confusing structure and its lack of clear explanations either. For these viewers, I do not think there is much I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who have not seen the film yet, expect to be challenged and do not wait for the film to provide all the answers and you could enjoy more than you would otherwise have. <br /> <br /> The film jumps a bit but actually tells three periods. Pay attention to the hair style and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. It's not as confusing as suggested. have fun and everything will be clear in the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things are not said or shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But is not that what life looks like? A lot of the time, you're not sure about the motivations of your friends / relatives, unless you face them and even then, you can never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of film requires us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. The film, however, leaves enough clues for you to make reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic-depressive or even suicidal. Why? I do not know, maybe his life is not going exactly as he waits; his family may be lacking, but he did not forgive his father for abandoning his sick mother when she was in need; after all, maybe he's sacrificing for Cedric by rearranging and breaking his life to be with him, he realizes that all of this is "undoing". I think the director wanted to show us that he has always been a little behind, a fragile mentality because of this scene with the dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these stresses weigh him down. But we are also shown that he is not a psychopathic animal torturing by his love affair with the stray cat. In addition, there is a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that highlights the reason for the breakup and possibly the attempted suicide. The doctor asks if everything is fine, and Cedric thinks he's cheated Mathieu once, but it's nothing, according to Cedric. Is this the only reason we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed together. Is it essential to know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this film. Another telling sign that they are ultimately not compatible is the scene of historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, not Cedric. It is he who has the hormone that rages and who focuses only on the physical side, without intellectual side, which Mathieu obviously needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the end is really rather optimistic and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after the dark tone that is approaching the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It's very sweet. I had to turn up the volume to hear the dialogue, and then when he went into a bar or an outdoor crowd scene, the sound became too loud. The other is that the subtitles can not be disabled; they stay on the screen. Most DVDs of foreign films not published by a large studio are unfortunately of poor quality.
