"Almost Nothing" ("Come Undone") is an earlier work by the oversized scriptwriter / director Sébastien Lifshitz (with the collaboration of the writer Stéphane Bouquet - the team that gave us the "Wild Side" later). As we come to understand how Lifshitz tells each of his works, he becomes more valuable. By letting his tender and sensitive love stories unfold in the same random way as in the minds of confused and insecure young people - time now, time spent, time reflected, time imagined, time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, involving the viewer. with all aspects of the characters' answers. It takes a little work to get into his method, but his technique takes us deep into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (the handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) goes to the seaside for holidays, a time to allow his mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight against his undefined illness, support by Annick (Marie Matheron), a wise socialite, and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father stayed at home for professional reasons. The first moments of the film weave images of Mathieu alone, looking depressed, taking the train, talking to someone in a small recorder. We remain to ask ourselves if the action that takes place is a memory or a contemporary action. <br /> <br /> As he lies in the sun on the beach, Mathieu notices a beautiful youth of his age that puts him in the limelight and we can feel the emotions of Mathieu trembling with confusion. The young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister at home, pursuing the mystery of the attraction. Soon Cédric approaches Mathieu and a sweet introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is terrified of the direction he is taking, rejects Cédric's public approaches, but continues to seek him for conscripts. The two young men are fully in love with love and the staging of the physical aspect of this relationship, essential to the understanding of this story, is shared with the audience in very erotic and sensual scenes. Yet, as the summer comes on Mathieu, a committed student, realizes that Cédric is a vagabond who works in a condiment kiosk during a carnival. It becomes obvious that Cédric is the Dionysiac partner, while Mathieu is the Apollonian: at a time full of architectural ruins, Mathieu is excited by the beauty of history and space whereas Cédric is interested only in this place, a new refuge to make love. Mathieu is a complex person, with family ties torn by a serious illness and a father not present, a fear of his nascent sexuality and his nascent passion for Cedric. Cedric admits his infidelity and Mathieu's inability to cope with this situation, which disrupts their moments of joy. They end up separating. As time passes, family changes are made and Mathieu will fall into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way in which Mathieu takes up all these challenges and finds a comfort, rather strange, in one of the lovers of Cédric, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings the film to its paroxysm, ambiguous and yet crowned with success. <br /> <br /> After watching the movie the feeling of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning with the knowledge of the full story is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a passionate meditation film, in conflict with the powers of passion found in love, and a silent film of silences and reveries of incomparable beauty. The whole cast is superb and the direction is sweet and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of cinema. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
