It's an oddly wonderful fantasy, though sometimes light and bulky, big budget. Takashi Miike had already proved, when he was going to Yokhai's Great War, that he could draw on other films besides his so-called crime / yakuza niche (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed it, the first and last lower). . But here, Miike, in his first and only co-screen writing credit, proves he can deliver the goods on a postmodern soup of mythical phantasmagorical conventions, and with his load of CGI, creature effects and makeup , and an epic battle that looks more like a "festival" than something that comes out of The Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made from afar, of course, and the most obvious to avoid would be Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique mix of children-in-great-heroes, power-hungry wizards in search of the earth's energy. the main source, the machinery as the greatest evil and many creatures (or Yokai of the title) strangely defined and flamboyantly designed. But one can also make comparisons with Star Wars, especially with the battle of Gungan in TPM, and with the whole power game between good and evil with similar forces. Or anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, to Henson's movies. And through all these comparisons, and even through loopholes or excessive moments, it's Miike completely with the sensitivity of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki embodies Tadashi, the prototype child who begins in a credulous and sensitive way to the things of the world, but who will become the hero in a world that darkens in the darkness. The darkness comes from an evil sorcerer, who draws energy from all the rage and miserable waves of the human world, and who is also starting to kill spirits and other creatures, the Yokhai, in a fire that sends them in Gigantic robots that have only one mission: destroy and kill everything in their path. Tadashi is also enthusiastic about fighting Sato, the wizard, while Sato's main servant and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill's Chiaki Kuriyama, another big bad guy) steals his little furry companion, Sunekosuri. Soon, things get complicated, in a climax reminiscent of many other fantastic movies and stories, but can only be contained, to a certain extent, by Miike and his team. I would probably recommend the Yokai Great War to children, but in the next note it is not a diluted fantasy in American circles. This has creatures galore, including an umbrella stand at one eye, a wall that speaks and walks, not to mention a turtle, a fire snake and a woman cursed by Sato. So, the variety is at its height, and one could almost feel that it is creatures and effects that reach unfathomable heights when the "festival" unfolds, the Yokai reaching hundreds of kilometers. But there is also a strong sense of fantasy both in light and darkness, and Sunekosuri is perhaps becoming the greatest emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because his kindness is squared); Where to find an edgy public rather than a small ball of hairy fury, which ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi as a robot? <br /> <br /> Yet, despite all this, the sense of anarchy that reigns in the brightest spots of Miike's career is also present, which sets him apart from his animated counterparts, Muppet and science- fiction. There is weird humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at a crucial moment of the climax, and more than a few flights with creatures and fight scenes (I loved, for example , the guy with the big blue head that has to make him smaller, or the anxious turtle-Yokai). The greatest danger, with Miike's access to greater special effects and the magic of the computer, with which he flirts, is exaggerated in this respect. I'm sure he has everything in mind with storyboards, and he creates memorable impressions with certain compositions (one of them is quite right, and Tadashi and the other human "character" are in the middle of Tokyo, rubble in an air shot), but the CGI is sometimes a little unconvincing with robots, and the game is too flamboyant, and some visuals, like the superposition of Yokai spreading the word on the big festival on the map, just seems weak and pat. Frankly, I wondered if Miike might be diving into the (wrong) territory of the Spy Kids. <br /> <br /> But this responsibility aside, the Great War of Yokai provides more than a share of excitement, thrills and innocent melodrama has come with many of the best fantasies of childhood. He owes a lot to cinema, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws are still spinning even in its most ridiculous and confusing rhythms. This is not the filmmaker at its best, but working in experimentation on a commercial medium ends up playing to his advantage. There is a neat little message and lots of cool adventures. 7.5 / 10
