This film is often considered a "children's film", which is certainly the case, even if this film is made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantastic genre, especially that of children, as a stepping stone to the wilderness of the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The configuration is simple, a boy is chosen to play the "hero" in this year's annual festival, only to discover that his role is much more real than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical and often amusing journey into the world of Japanese folklore, but expect, there is also a bad villain who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not a mere demon, it is the demon-spirit of the accumulated resentment of these things that humans "use" and "reject". Using a room of pure hatred / liquid resentment, the villain turns Yokai's colorful and vibrant spirits into soulless, ten-foot-tall robots of fortune, who cut their arms and eyes like hot coals (those who played the video game Sonic The Hedghog could remember a Dr. Robotnik performing procedures similar to those of the cute and cuddly that Sonic was then "free"). <br /> <br /> The hero of this film is actually the least interesting character, playing essentially a world suddenly mad. Although he goes through the typical hero trials, he is most often scared, like many Yokia themselves, who seem really helpless against the deadly robots, some spirits being umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose purpose is to count beans ... of course, in this magical world of Miike's Yokai War, even beans take on magical power when you believe them. <br /> <br /> In many respects, this film subverts the usual conventions of children's fantasy, as few, if any, characters are heroic, their victory being a combination of chance, almost arbitrary faith, and a desire to to party. Yokai spirits only gather and besiege the hiding place of the wicked, after confusing the invasion of Earth with the end of the Earth for a great Yokai festival, and even then only for dancing and partying. In addition, the film does not end with the usual celebration, but with a final scene showing our multi-year hero, with an adult job, unable to see the Yokai minds of his youth, who then turn to the villain, who is a spirit can never really die. This ending, with his Yokai spirit, which is the spitting image of Pokemon Pikachu, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood, but also horrors of overconsumption. The villain is the resentment caused by the fact that human beings no longer have respect for the world and the objects that surround them (in Japanese folklore, almost every object has a kind of spirit), and so when it is used and thrown away as we do in consumer societies, we do not respect it, they become soulless soulless machines, similar to those seen in modern video games, suggesting that even though our imagination and our myths never die, they may distort. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has created. This has contributed, and I think that is the proof, to the extent that there is a conceptual tightening that is sometimes swept by the carpet by its exuberance in the visual game. Although I am mostly focused on the story (because many users seem to write it), I want to say that visually, it is a CGI kaleidoscope, stopped animations, costumes and live puppets that work remarkably well. The film has a dream quality, and comparisons between Miyazaki are justified, as well as comparisons NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and more mature than both. The Yokai are beaten, brutalized and turned into machines of living hatred, which, I believe, kill even a few humans, a deformed and aborted calf with a masculine face was born and dies in grotesque opening movies, while a sub -courant sexual, women with the long neck licking the face of our hero boy, or other persistent memory of a character, said to touch the thigh of a young water spirit slightly dressed like a boy, seems s 'linger a little too long for most Western tastes, especially if it is considered a "children's movie". However, they are light enough to attract the attention of adults while being minor enough not to traumatize children. The fairy tales of Grims, before the revisions, have done much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All this is one of the most accessible and engaging adventures of Miikes, with enough drama and great performances (Yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor for them, who laughs sometimes funny) to appeal to an audience of all ages, and a constant conceptual current, powerful enough to attract an adult audience that has undoubtedly brought their children or come out of a sense of nostalgia for the fantastic films lost from their youth . The last group that the film seems to address to the most ferocious people, asking them not only to continue to consume passively the world around them, but to be respectful to their minds that seemed so close to reality in their childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film from a thrilling director who has not approached his summit. Classic instant.
