I can not believe it's been ten years since this program first aired on television and delighted viewers with its unique mix of comedy and horror. It is the show that gave birth to a good deal of modern British humor: Dr. Terrible's House of Horrible; Darkplace of Garth Marenghi; The powerful Boosh; Snuffbox. Many have imitated the style of this show, and I do not deny that some have surpassed its quality. But actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith created the trend. Together they created Royston Vasey, a sinister little idyllic country town in England, where tourists are wary and passers-by meet an obsessive couple who want to keep the local town and away from strangers; where the unemployed are mistreated and insulted at the employment center; where a farmer uses real people as scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he is trying to heal; where a bohemian circus kidnaps people; and where the butcher adds something secret, but irresistible to food, to hook people up. <br /> <br /> This is just a whiff of what the viewer can find in The League of Gentlemen. The three actors give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters. The makeup and prosthetics are so good that I thought I was looking at a lot more actors than ever before. But it's also great to play: the way they change their voice and body movement makes them really become other people. <br /> <br /> Most jokes start with something ordinary, taken from real life, then explode into something troubling, sometimes heartbreaking. Sometimes it's pure horror without decor, as in the character of Papa Lazarou. Imagine a scary circus owner making a splash in someone's house and abducting women to be his wife. No explanation given. It's that goose bumps. Then come the many references to horror movies: Se7en, The silence of the lambs, Nosferatu, The exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Horror fans will love, comedy fans will love. As any incoming traveler knows, there is a sign saying "Welcome to Royston Vasey: you'll never leave". Any spectator who gives a chance to this show will agree. Once you discover the League of Gentlemen, you will not want anything else, you will never forget it.
