It's probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I saw it for the first time on Comedy Central several years ago. At the time, I did not know that it had been dramatically changed and that it had been broken down. I had just watched the three series in order and without modifications (thank you Internet and your wonderful "series of tubes"). I'm so glad I rediscovered it. ! I think Comedy Central chose their way through series 1 and 2 to make a "season" ...... and I tried to make family and friends look, but no one seemed to really like that ( I need new friends). So, alone, I made the most of what I could. Even when I felt it regressed a bit, I still felt compelled to keep watching. Years after discovering Little Britain, I immediately recognized that Pauline de LoG had influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. I also like the idea of ​​writers who play the whole show ... (not new, but impeccably done here). LB has nothing on LoG! (Without wanting to offend Matt and David, I love you)! It's really a piece of dark and comical genius. Murder in series, implicit cannibalism ... you name it and it is probably found in this wonderful and unique television art work. The shots of the very first scene themselves are scary and seem to invite you to visit the town of Royston Vasey ... You'll never leave! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but each character described has his own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, until he came back in the third series (intelligent and totally unexpected)! It is best to watch several episodes in a row, as this ensures continuity and, as I said before, becomes so convincing (while pushing it away) that you CAN NOT really stop watching. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandma (unless you have a naughty grandmother)! I've always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, from Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances, from Absolutely Fabulous and the British original Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This is unlike any of these people in that it completely redefines the distinction between what is funny and what is simply sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing on American television has been so close to this level of entertainment. The American show is so sad and lame that I can barely stand to watch it. It's a bit sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show unpublished versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are programs like this one that come from "across the pond" and that buy the whole medium every ten years or so. In the United States, basic cable has made little progress in recent years in "crossing over" with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but there are still years left before deciding to be adults to show real life, adult behavior (instead of just killing obsession and blowing things up, sheesh is like the same basic show format for 35 years)! Do not even get me started on American sitcoms! Time wasted and a lot of money wasted ...... Did you know that "According to Jim" has been airing for 10 years ??? 10 YEARS ?? Anyway ... Watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and encourage your friends to watch it too! You have never seen anything like it. There are three specials that I have not watched yet ... I keep them for my best friend to come out on his next visit. He will supervise them, even if I have to chain him and paint him with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the three series start from the first and second .... the big city seems to fall to focus on the new characters, the laughter is over (thank you my God), the theme is more group and less orchestra and some of the story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Do not be fooled by this, because in the end, the series has kept the silent perversity demonstrated for the first time in series 1 and 2. I think these four guys created something indefinable. Bright, confident and absolutely crazy. You will want to watch it again and again. It is amazing that in 5 seconds of screen, they can go from a horrible blasphemy to a horrible blag and end with a close-up facial expression for a single actor. If I ever met an author / performer, I would implore them not to recreate it or try to surpass it ... I would simply say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably slap me, so I would ask them to sign the mark)! 10 of 10
