Simon Pegg plays the role of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who began a career in writing for a local magazine specializing in the criticism of superficiality and superficiality of the rich and celebrities. He is a celebrity, but he is passionate about becoming a celebrity. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young, who also ran a small magazine in Britain called The Modern Review, which scathingly criticized everything imaginable, until he closed the magazine under A rain of verbal bullets The editor, then pursues a dramatic career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is pretty much the part of his life told in this movie. <br /> <br /> At first, he is delighted to work for a major publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film) and, despite his nervousness, he shines positively on the first day of his career. He meets the editor, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is tough, but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be an idiot like Young to keep his position in the magazine. He offers little immediate acceptance of Young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's antics and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the film stems from Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of conduct of the public and the special etiquette inherent in the film. dealing with the rich and celebrities. But the reasons Sidney acted so oddly and gave offending interviews is because he believes he hates celebrity culture as a whole and, apparently, he believes in this secular saying ?? "If you can not beat them, join them," then beat them. "<br /> <br /> Two very different women are getting complicated: There's a lovely regular girl in Alison Olsen magazine (Kirsten Dunst) who at first is appalled by Sidney's obvious arrogance and manic style, and a beautiful model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents the culture of celebrity, for Sophie, who looks like a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is stunningly beautiful, c It's true, but she also seems to have no idea in mind Alison is an ordinary girl, It's not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person. reality of a marriage with Britney Spears, and yet the film retains a certain level of credibility because, despite its great evidence, we also feel Sidney suffers from not pursuing it (I felt it anyway). <br /> < H ow To Lose Friends and Alienate People is based on a quite interesting premise and full of honest and satisfactory performance. Although this will become your classic romantic comedy from the third act, it offers a variety of well-developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us an excellent performance as Alison's other love affair, which pays tribute to The Big Lebowski (also played by Bridges) with his always present White Russian, one of my favorite cocktails. To buy Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs about 350 dollars, but my cooking is never without. <br /> <br /> I can not wait to see the day Simon Pegg diversifies a bit because I love his films, but I'm not sure about his lineup. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only with regard to the madness that surrounds him, and eventually became himself again, which he was rather in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run and now. How to lose friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
