I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, seeing her poster, I thought it was just another easy-going romantic comedy ... but it's just more than that! Personally, I think that this idea (that a good part of the viewers had surely just before seeing the film) is an important element of the great concept of this film (or even of its marketing strategy)! What I mean is: Nowadays, we are slaves of images! To the impressions! I went to the cinema to see this film with a bad impression, bad expectations, and in the end, I felt how superficial I could be! To illustrate this, I think of the sequence towards the end where Sidney buys the plane ticket to go back to New York and as he is asked to "give an autograph", which means sign for the ticket, he believes that just because he got on TV thanks to the price scandal, he is now a kind of celebrity. And this is, I believe, the climax of this main theme around which the film is articulated. On top of that, I think the film also offers us a solution to get out of it, illustrated throughout the film by Sidney's attitude: do not get too serious with yourself or with someone else. other ... "even the saints were people at the beginning" ... as Sophie once said in the film. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to them an "aura" of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than that. Even saints of all religions are images, ideal models of behavior and life. Even if they were not for real ... they became "for real" after their death and we watched them. And that's the trap: we need our saints! we need our stars! We fight them as if they were not, we would not have anything to do. And television and all other media are ways to create and capture our aspirations. We desperately need benchmarks to measure ourselves. And that's how we went to the movies to watch this film in the first place: to see if we could adapt to the reference, or if the reference was too small for us. This time he was bigger than expected.
