I was eager to see how to lose friends and alienate people for months, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were on the bill. Simon Pegg is a comedy genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been one of my favorite actresses. How to lose friends and alienate People are on the spot! Of course, not perfect, but very nice and fun. How to lose friends and alienate people follows the life of Sidney Young, a small and clumsy British celebrity journalist hired by an upscale magazine in New York. In a dramatic way, Sidney enters the high society and builds bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After disrupting a black-tie event by allowing a wild pig to spread, Sidney catches the eye of Clayton Harding, Sharp's editor, and accepts a position in the magazine in New York. Clayton warns Sidney that he would do better to impress and charm everyone if he wishes. Instead, Sidney immediately insults and annoys fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target the star customers of journalist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also annoys his direct superior Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His saving grace, a rising starlet Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship could be the only thing that saves Sydney from his career in a free fall. The scenario is very interesting and the acting was excellent with what the actors were given. Simon Pegg is always so hilarious! It makes Sydney restless, nauseating and boring, but also later, making Sydney not only likeable, but also a character you are looking for in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten has had some great theater scenes and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff F * cking Bridges! How can you not like it ?! He makes Clayton a very humorous character with a bit of wit and all in all, you love this guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as a cast. Each had their own personality, which was pretty hard to believe, but that's what made the movie work. One thing I did not appreciate was that some characters were one-dimensional. I understand that most of them were supportive actors, but some of the actors were underused and could have made the film more exciting. How to lose friends and alienate People will never appear in the top 10 movies, nor even in the top 10 comedies, but the level of entertainment is very high and some scenes may even charm you. How to lose friends and alienate people is certainly one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
