Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE talks about dolls that come alive when humans are not present. In this adventure, they must save a kidnapped French doll named Babette of the captain of the pirates. On their way, they borrow Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the help of their new friend, The Camel With Ridée Knees, help them or slow them down with his hallucinations of his departing friends? How are they going to escape King Kookoo and his henchmen !? What will their owner, Marcella, say when she sees her seventh birthday gift doll with her other toys? Delicious surprises await both adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are possible out of 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the master is not there. Not only because they go to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world and anything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places, find new friends, it's great. The characters are all working so well and who does not like pirates ?! Acting: 8 - Each character suits his voice so well. Specifically, the enemy of Marlon Brando's gaffe, The Greed. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil king Hitler-Esquire Kookoo (whose hair resembles that of Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well and the voice of the old black man for Camel works perfectly. Why was the old animation doubled so much better than the news? Music: 10 - Nothing less than perfection here. The songs have been trotting in my head for years and I look at them again almost 20 years later, I still remember each of them and I will now know exactly where they come from. Joe Raposo of "Sesame Street" did a great job with the songs and everyone sings very well. <br /> <br /> Editing: 6 - Hey, that's where it's going to get confused. I mean how far did the Raggedy go? Many events seem to be happening one after the other and it is impossible to tell the WHO that other dolls and toys were like we never see them in the real world of the film, but it follows a certain path and you know they will eventually arrive where they have to go, it's pretty hard to follow from time to time. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico, I must say that there are parts in both movies that I will never forget, no matter the situation. how much I try. Mostly scary parts. I've probably already mentioned how much older movies were a lot more scary than today's animation, but it takes the cake in the scary factor. Apart from the film from South Park and some of Disney's movies, there are hardly any animated musicals, nor any good ones out there, which makes it a very unique movie. <br /> <br /> Worth: 8- Its classic. It is certainly worth getting a good copy, but the VHS copies are probably already all extended. The DVD version is on sale on Ebay all the time and it will definitely be something you will watch more than once. If something happens for reasons of nostalgia. <br /> <br /> Overall Rating (not average): 8 - This is a wonderful, timeless musical made in the late 70's and can still be enjoyed today. His characters are all unique and the songs are great. So you could end up humming them again and again. Embrace your favorite stuffed animal today! Critic's comment (including bias): It's not like the Raggedy Ann television series made a decade later. It was a much darker and more real world. The effects in this area resemble many other 70s acid travel cartoons, especially Yellow Submarine. Still, it gives me memories that I will never forget and that could still influence things today. It was not easy to find but it will remain a treasure to keep in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
