Oh, my God, God bless the 1970s, we had some of the most horrible movies of this decade: the exorcist, Jaws, the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann and Andy: an adventure musical. This film should be used to torture the captured terrorists to tell us their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie scared me terribly. My sister had this film in her VHS collection and I was a bit curious to know what kind of movie they would do with a doll from the Great Depression for kids with very little pocket money. What the hell? It's a bit funny to see how this movie is the Toy Story version from the 1970s, but it's a thousand times more scary, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to embark on drug routes for kids. <br /> <br /> Every time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, her brother Raggedy, Andy, and a whole nursery filled with colorful toys come to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France, in the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she's a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does her best to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate captain Contagious kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy left to try to save her before Marcella discovers that Babette is gone. Outside the nursery, the two men meet the camel with crumpled knees, a blue camel that was rejected by former owners and is now torn and lonely. After Raggedy, Ann and Andy take the camel train, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, he runs to the edge of a cliff, in a deep pit. In this pit, they meet Greedy, a giant droplet of greedy wolf that is constantly eating and never full. The Raggedys and Camels narrowly escape to be devoured by Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, it just gets weirder from that point. <br /> <br /> While this film was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes for a good part of the movie, it was actually quite creative. At the time when we had a hand-drawn animation that made the films more personal and that the writers and animators put it to heart, you can say they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A musical adventure . This is certainly not the worst film I have ever seen, I do not know who to recommend it. As frightened as I am, I must admit that I am happy to have looked at him. Sometimes you need a "WTF ?!" movie to spice up your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem doing it with me. It's official, this doll is just scary, let's say it: there is a giant caramel river that eats everything, a king whose head grows as he laughs, a strange thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and his brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a couple of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
