It took a few shots so I could really wrap myself around this one, but for me, Tears of Kali is one of the highlights of the horror of the 2000s and, with respect to the independent horror , constitutes a true masterpiece. Anthology of horror, it takes up the story of the fictional group Taylor-Eriksson, a cult based in India whose members leave in search of an ultimate knowledge of self and a psychic healing, with unpleasant results that resonate over the years. The film is mainly composed of three stories taking place in Germany and illustrating the work of the Taylor-Eriksson group, with some sometimes very nasty passages. It is an interesting montage, but what distinguishes this film is the way the images are carefully prepared to develop the horror of the film. Bad things have been unleashed and the film's overall objective is to show how the quest for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy is horrifying for patients, healers and others. The film is full of clever visual clues about the power of dark forces with which it deals, dark forces not bound by time, place or even personality. There are good examples in the first article, including a journalist interviewing a woman in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story, we had seen Lars Eriksson and especially his weak eye (lazy?). We also saw him heal or at least comfort a patient. The mental patient of the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson treating a patient. She also finishes the canvases of the art class she organizes among her patients. We see one of their photos, a lazy face. look like Erikssons. There are also references to tiny characters, extras and extras with additional sensory perceptions of what is going on in the film, showing the evil that has spread, spreads and can almost infect others. The philosophical philosophy of the film is not limited to evil, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption, all related in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be simply exploitative, but which is more related to reality. beliefs that one could expect (at least from the research I did on wikipedia). Screenwriter / director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves credit for his ability to build the film. In addition to being thoughtful, the film is rather scary, but the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama is a fantastic jingle at the piano and there are some remarkable performances, Michael Balaun as sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as extravagant patient. well. The third story also has a beautiful twist on the part of veteran Mathieu Carrière as a faith healer. The biggest problem with the movie is that it's not about wasting a lot of time, but the potential for fear is lost, but these performances, along with a few others, are doing quite well. So, the film is not as captivating as it could be, the acting game being occasionally offbeat and the rhythm too, but I thought it was pretty awesome, even though the shine was still too short. I think it's worth a look for adventurous horror fans.
