Where was this movie when I was little? After the separation of his parents, Tadashi moves with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with his father and they talk frequently on the phone. The grandfather is "here" only every three days. Moms are never really at home. The children always attack the poor child. At a village party, Tadashi is chosen as a "Kirin rider" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. He hardly suspects that he will soon have to assume the role of a hero as the forces of darkness join the rage of things abandoned in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> was the easy part. Now comes the difficult part, try to explain the film. <br /> <br /> This is a fantastic movie for kids. No, it's a great film, imperfect, (very imperfect?), But a great movie anyway. It unfolds like all the great books you've loved as a child and is as dense sometimes as Tadashi strives to find the strength to become a hero. Looking at it, I had the impression of reading a good book and I thought how much it would have been huge if it were a book. I liked that the movie does not follow a normal path. Things happen often by chance or by miscommunication, a character is sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and moments that seem to be non-sequencers and that are all the more charming for him (which is typical of Miike) It is certainly a film by Takashi Miike. This master of the Japanese film is clearly in charge of a film at once touching, scary and funny. No one except Miike seems to understand that you can have multiple emotions at once, or that you can suddenly experience twists when the night darkens and the next becomes funny. I admire the fact that Miike made a dark and hopeful film, which is not afraid of being scary, I mean really scary, especially for children. It's the same dark territory that should be featured in Harry Potter's movies, but rarely is it. It's a dark tale of Grimms with humor. My first reaction to seeing the first image was that I could not believe that someone would start a children's movie with a picture of the end of the world, then I realized who was making the film. Hats off to Miike for making a movie that knows kids can handle scary pictures. <br /> <br /> It also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters made by the wicked are forged from the waste of humanity. It's the rage to be thrown that feeds the monsters. One of the Yokai (spirits) talks about the rage of the thrown sneakers because they are dirty or they feel too small at the moment they are thrown. You also have one of the good guys who refuses to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things that float around what elevates this film to another level. (There are a lot of riffs and references to other movies, TV shows, and novels that make me wonder who this film is for, since kids may not understand them, even though many parents understand). And of course, there are the monsters. They go from cheese to spectacular with stops everywhere in between. Frankly, you must forgive the inequalities of their creation simply because they must contain hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai who, in my opinion, is best described as a tunic hamster and is often played by a stuffed animal. He looks stupid and yet you will cheer the little guy and will love every moment he rides Tadashi's head. . (Acceptance is also easier if you have already seen the old woodcuts of the strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned some flaws, and there are some. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are a bit strange (although understandably) and a few minor things fade about two hours after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the film, but most of them prevent you from being completely satisfied with the film. <br /> <br /> I really liked this movie. I'm pretty sure that if I had seen that in my childhood, it would be my favorite movie of all time. (where is the English dub?). See this film. It's a great trip. (Besides his good introduction to Miike's movies less blood and graphic sex)
