Presented as Takashi Miike's "first family film" - by people who have not seen Zebraman, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO goes even further in the direction of family friendliness, diluting the darkness and cynicism to create a grandiose and fantastic fairy tale. Fate has chosen a young boy to save the world from monsters and horrors they largely ignore. The film obviously has a larger budget than anything Miike has done, with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world populated by strange creatures (the YOKAI). Maybe the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but I think it's probably just that he wanted to do something different. In reality, he has never been a pony in his turn, but he is often accused of it - perhaps YOKAI is designed to silence those critics. Anyway, it's a great project for Miike to channel his imagination and invention without limits. <br /> <br /> The production has a very caricatural aspect, evoking thoughts of Miyazaki in places. The Yokai are based on an old series of comics based on traditional Japanese tales, which certainly have also influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). We must not forget that Miike has nothing to envy to the budget of a Harry Potter movie, so the special effects are not going to be a flawless Hollywood style work - a projection on blue is particularly obvious. Some of the special effects are excellent, with some very well animated creatures (a mix of CG, stop-motion and puppets). I think the little sock that follows the hero for much of the movie was supposed to look really cheap, and is very pretty for that :) The boy who plays the hero of the movie does a really good job - It's so difficult to find a pre-adolescent who really understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I see that he has made his voice heard in the last 2 films of Miyazaki!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delightful as a villain of the piece, though Mai Takahashi made an even greater impression as a River Princess with dreamy ears - yum yum! Those who are looking for another violent and perverse gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you're a fan of Miike because of his imagination and his wit, there is something to satisfy. And it has the added bonus that you can happily put on any business you have :)
