Although there is melodrama in the center or at the bottom of this film, the story is told beautiful and subtle and the acting is superb. <br /> <br /> Yaara, a Princeton student, returns to her native Israel for the funeral of her oldest and dearest friend, Talia. Yaara, having practically lived with her friend's parents after the death of her own mother, lost her foster sister. And since Yaara, blind by birth, is guided and guarded by Talia, her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is unexplainable. <br /> <br /> Inevitably, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although without a view, she has insight. Although she can not see, she is able to find what is out of sight as the "normal" people around her. The film then becomes an exciting mystery as Yaara looks for clues in the memories of her relationship with Talia, in her adoptive family's home, on tapes, diaries, and characters from Talia's past and present. <br /> <br /> Narrated from Yara's point of view, the film is also seen from her point of view, as she visualizes what she hears, believes and imagines. The solution to the mystery is rather conventional, but the search is done with a care so subtle and the answer is made so beautifully and without fanfare, that the present moment is easily forgiven. Truths are gradually but inexorably emerging, clarifying not only Talia's life, but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, as Yaara, effectively uses her mobile face and voice and is quite credible as both a teenager and an adult. We fully accept his ability, at the end of the film, to find his place in the world with more confidence. <br /> It should be noted the precision with which places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become boring, the deaths -on acting by the minor characters, and the interesting decision to represent Talia only to adolescence. I'm going to quibble with Yaara's final statement with Gadi, Talia's last boyfriend, at the edge of a cliff, but this trip to the edge is so fascinating that the image will stay in sight longer than its words will be recalled.
