It was broadcast on television yesterday, so I decided to check. This was one of Bruce Timm / Paul Dini's latest DTV projects related to their old Batman series from the 1992 animated series. After, Jeff Matsuda came out and reinvented Batman with his new series The Batman, but from Anyway, the story of this new Batman The film deals with the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman. However, Batman feels the need to stop him because of his extreme methods, but also, in the meantime, to destroy The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, who both work in secret with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems) and another nasty (which will be revealed later in the film) on a smuggling operation of weapons, they also put a bonus to the Batwoman. The question that arises is who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they are more than one woman? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the last Penguin operation. For an animated film, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another benefit was the complete redesign of the Penguin, which is much more like the sophisticated boss we used to see in comics, unlike his previous designs that borrowed elements of Tim Burton's vision of Peng sewer and circus phenomenon). Even though the film contains a secondary plot of love, it has never been so far and does not derail the movie, like Batman Forever. Dubbing is a standard quality for these direct-filming projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm has taken this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said, despite some 80 minutes of racing, he managed to make a complete (and complex) scenario complete with some minor twists and a lot of action. There are some disadvantages, however, Nightwing can not be found, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not make a couple click, even though we just mentioned, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the movie and to be quite frank, I've never been a big fan of Batman character design in Bruce Batman (especially in their Batman post-BTAS series), these are the Batman and Robin's New Adventures . and then a well-built, well-built individual (much like The Batman's Jeff Matsuda character model). Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, his blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent than Bruce (although it's true they look a lot alike). Another disadvantage is Rupert's throne (no explanation as to the reason for his participation in this agreement, but it can safely be said that he has henchmen and what is a reduction of the agreement) that only makes very little more than hanging out with the Penguim or getting hurt each time. he points a gun at someone (count the number of times it happens in the movie and you'll be surprised) All in all, it's a good animated Batman movie, worth at least one rental.
