THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although it was five years after the end of the series and WB was currently working on Justice League, this animated film is a valuable addition to the video library. Why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of Batman: The animated series and SubZero compliment the 15 episodes of the adventures of Batman and Robin, then Mystery of the Batwoman will compliment the last 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights version of Batman. Kevin Conroy once again offers a voice above performance that is nothing but excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little suspicious when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think of was the old Batman 50s comics. But I was blown away by the character of Batwoman, her look, her costume (which, I suppose, inspired Bruce Wayne to create it on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this film prevents you from guessing who is Batwoman. If you want to know who is Batwoman, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes an appearance and I think the writers were trying to suggest that something was going on between Bruce and Barbara, as in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears in the role of Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, there is no trace or mention of Dick Grayson aka Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he settled in Bludhaven (his city in the comic strip). <Br /> <br /> Of the three Batwoman suspects, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks a lot like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the suspects. As for the bad guys, I'm happy that the Penguin is part of it, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams by David Ogden Stiers. Pengy did not look right. Same thing for Robin. The new guy went well, but by the time I started getting used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who plays Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the Joker in the series "The Batman". And we finally see what Rupert Thorne looks like because he did not show up in the episodes of Gotham Knights. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he were to be replaced, they would have found the ideal man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I only wish they could use Two Face, Riddler or the scary new version of Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score, and in particular the soft-spoken intro, was superb. I wish it were on a soundtrack and I particularly enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg Lounge, accompanied by her song, Betcha Neva. Although some people think that this film is weaker than the Mask of fantasy and Subzero, I find it as strong and pleasant as the rest, and as I said earlier, it's a full movie based on the version Gotham Knights of Batman, who I think gives a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD before buying it for those who may be worried about this movie, but personally, it's well worth it. I give a 9 to Mystery of the Batwoman.
