For starters, I've always been a fan of Batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, "that everyone alive has an alter-ego". This is true in the mystery of Batwoman. Although the overall story is good, I'm disappointed that I did not really do much for the franchise. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, you try to discover the identity of Batwoman, unfortunately. you can find out by looking easily at the distribution of credits posted on this site (so if you have not already seen it, do not go there). I was a little disappointed not to have extended the film. 75 minutes is far too short for any movie. The secret identity of batwoman also comes much too early in the film, somehow halfway, and becomes anti-climatic thereafter, because you know that the good will always win and that the new character called Batwoman will disappear at the end of the film. I'm not too sure of the new animation style used in this movie either. I love new clean characters, but there should be more details where they are needed. Some parts of the animation seem so clumsy and rigid that they immediately catch your eye and distract them from the screenplay. Also, I did not really like the bright atmosphere used in most scenes, it somehow loses its dark and Gothic atmosphere that is Batman. Similarly, we should have known more about batwoman's personality in order to create the same deep sense of compassion we have with Bruce Wayne. Plus, I think the fight with Bane should have been better. Typically for children, the bad guy responds too easily to his disappearance, either by stumbling, falling, being electrocuted or doing something stupid that goes against them. Reflecting on that, there was not even a single drop of blood shed in this movie. <br /> <br /> In short, it's a good entertaining film and I recommend all Batman fans to watch it. It has a good script, a universal appeal and even an excellent interpretation to top it off. I just hope they could have made a more permanent change in the story by making sure Batwoman stays to make things more interesting. Do not just present it and launch it once it's over. I would also like to see someone else solve the mystery of a change eventually. For someone other than Batman to solve the mystery and inform him later of the details. <br /> <br /> I hope there will be more upcoming animated films and we look forward to the moment when we can actually see the movie. separation between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He has been driving her forever and does not even like her and I can not believe she was stupid enough to fall in love with someone 20 years old. I also want to see the time Tim Drake is leaving because he is getting tired of the old man. In short, I want to see everything that drove the characters where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same repeated formula will end just faster than if they decided to move on to the next story. <br /> <br />
