He begins with several of the principles on a stage in Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the pilot and begins his usual tirade against women in general, with the exception of his girlfriend Pearl. He then recounts a blurred version of Samson's biblical story to justify keeping his long mustaches against the wishes of Pearl, the city's hairdresser, who claims that if everyone followed his example, she would go bankrupt. This point will come back to dominate the last scene of the film. Gabby seems an irritation for some critics, but is a definite advantage for this one. It's a shame he has not been in the best Westerns Randoph Scott to help lighten Randy's usual behavior in the steel jaw. Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, under the name of Celia Wallace), whom he meets, and a little girl (Myrtle), whom he quickly becomes a hero when he saves her the phase fugitive after being blocked by the henchman of Randy's wheelchair uncle, John Armin (George Cleveland), who runs the city. is not exactly popular among the people of the city. However, he quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that his uncle John was responsible for staging his competitor, Celia Wallace, and the associated murder, he asked his uncle John to return the money and decided to work for Celia and his brother Ted (Russell Hayden ), instead of for Uncle John. <br /> <br /> As his rival's prospects increase, his Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office, to keep him informed of the time they are moving ore from mines to the city. so that he can sabotage their race. When that does not work, he is resorting to the draconian tactic of organizing a criminal fire from his own office, which Randy is responsible for. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment and confronted her with suggestive evidence that she had warned her uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty in the niche with Celia (her handsome looking) and Ted (who hopes to woo Letty). This news also puts an end to Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant and he suggests she leave town. Instead, she changes sides and tells the Wallaces why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John is once again trying to sabotage their orebody, and when that fails, there is a general shootout in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between principles and a variety of obstacles that Randy has to overcome, sometimes with the help of his associates. At least Randy did not need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid the assassination, but had an arrogant confidence that a woman would not have the courage to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy single women, as well as little Myrtle, has done much to lighten the otherwise tense atmosphere of this battle for survival, as her uncle John said. <br /> <br /> It seems odd that Barbara Britton, the "naughty" girl, puts the best woman over Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara's time in front of the camera was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up in the television series Lassie with George Cleveland under the pseudonym "Gramps" will be surprised to see him play a controlling villain. One wonders if his wheelchair status affects this character. This leaves him with few options to make a living in the Wild West. Without his apparent family to help support him (except Randy), he can not afford to have him defeated by the city's most profitable company. On the other hand, according to his conversations, he probably got his status of "chief" of the city before ending up in a wheelchair.
