The above summary line, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling), speaks volumes. Jim, aka Kid Wichita, has a way of making things happen, the only problem is that he usually leaves corpses where he has been. He's not the kind of mentor Tom envisions for his younger brother, Jeff, who likes what he sees at Jim's, especially when he's defending his ranch against local breeders in Texas. <br /> <br /> Opening credits say "Introducing John Barrymore Jr. Young Brother" at the very first appearance on screen, which seemed rather odd to me, especially since Jeff came up with it Almost eighteen years old at the time of this film, he is a passing resemblance to Sean Penn, and throughout his career he was no stranger to personal and legal problems and the separation of I wondered if his daughter, Drew Barrymore, could have seen this picture, I'm inclined not to think. <br /> <br /> About the similarities, I was also struck by the idea that the young Robert Sterling looked a bit like Roy Rogers at the beginning of his career, knowing Sterling previously only because of his role as George Kerby in the TV show Topper of the early 50s, I thought he looked wrong in its place in a western, but it can it's just me, his character is emboldened by the ingenuity of his brother to create problems, and brings some of the nervousness to this not so typical story. Minor subplots abound, including the relationship between breeder John Gall (John Litel) and his son, the sheriff (killed by Kid Wichita), and the troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (killed by Kid Wichita). Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of Tom Cloud's leased hands, and figures in the fairly predictable finale. <br /> <br /> What is not quite predictable is how things finally end up there, and for that reason, earn points to follow a less traveled route, hence a less formal plot than many good Western brothers / bad brothers. Combined with the eclectic distribution of principles, I would recommend it, even if you have some of the mounting and sloppy editing difficulties I had with my copy.
