A glacier slide in a mountain of cavernous ice sends its three characters descending into an endless wet slide tube that has enough power to dazzle children in the same way that the mature audience can be dazzled by the sequence of the door stars closing 2001: Space Odyssey. Miles is separated in vision, but it's still a scene of great precipitation and excitement. A beautiful opening sequence also occurs when a stuffed creature resembling a squirrel tries to hide its precious glans. You've probably seen this scene in the caravan, but then it starts to have a domino effect when the mountain begins to crack and, in turn, trigger an avalanche. The horror just continues as the creature tries to go beyond the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film traces two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a red-toothed lazy (John Leguizamo) trying to migrate to the south. They find a baby they adopted and then decide to find the parental figures to find them. They are joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary) whose predatory intent is to bring the baby into his tiger clan, bringing the mammoth and the lazy into a trap. Diego's meat-eating family wants the mammoth above all else, but Diego's friendship values, as they are learned, make the ultimate choice easier. <br /> <br /> The trip has fatalistic natural hazards, including an erupting volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt momentarily, recalling the escape from Shrek Castle. The characters wonder why they are in the Ice Age, when they could have called it the Big Chill or the Nipple Age. Some characters wish a future global warming. Another good phrase about mating problems between girlfriends: `All great guys are never here. The most sensitive are being eaten. Fanciful lines galore, a whimsical comedy and an adventure with light fingers make it quite easy to watch. In addition, food is so rare for good vegetarians that they consider dandelions and pine cones to be "good to eat". <br /> <br /> The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary are good for their characters, while the children are feasting on their antics, the adults seducing by their talent. There is mild violence and intense content, but the children will be amazed by the excitement and will have one of their first introductions into the age-old battle between good and evil, and the family tradition and friendship are strong thematic links. The animators also make a majestic use of landscapes in the background of a fantastic freshness. <br /> <br />
