"Ice Age" is one of the cartoons ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 for the first time. The main characters are presented to us: a squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, AND PLEASE NOTE: The screaming sound of Scrat is the sound of Tom's cries from the cartoon of "Tom and Jerry"), a woolly mammoth named Manny (voiced by Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a lazy named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE"), and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary of "The Life of an insect "from Pixar). <br /> <br /> The film starts with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and right after it causes an avalanche. We then see a flock heading south for the next ice age (except for Manny, who is looking the other way for other mammoths that look like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and sees that his family has abandoned him. He then pays no cost with aardvarks. Unfortunately, he is sued by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston in "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a lazy orange, who wants Sid to emigrate with her. Sid ends up teaming with Manny and they become friends. Meanwhile, a human tribe, Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic), a tiger with a devilish sword, wants to take revenge on the leader of the tribe for getting rid of him. half of his bag just stealing his young son, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego and Soto's henchmen, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the chief's wife escaped with Roshan and gave him to Manny and Sid to care. Finally, Diego joins them and undertakes a trip to bring Roshan back to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, his main characters include a pack of wolves that Roshan's tribe uses, and a large, crimson sloth named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski), and a lean yellow lazy named Rachel ( doubled by Lorri Bagley), to whom Sid shows them Roshan as they relax in a pit of tar. Incidentally, the two rhinos, Carl (voiced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI's "Madagascar") and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root of Pixar's "Finding Nemo"), who sue Sid for ruining their meal and confronting Manny on a cliff are simple minor characters. Same thing for the dodos, who use melons as a source of food. <br /> <br /> The gags of this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks in his trunk saying, "I will not go!" When Jennifer and Rachel get out of the tar pit, Sid asks Jennifer, "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer answers, "What do you say if you're going to jump in the TAR PIT!" Rachel also kicks Sid at the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the throat with her teeth, then she asks Sid if he holds his breath, tells Diego to eat it and goes away immediately. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not only a success, but it has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", released in 2006, and the second " Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs ", which will be released next year. I can barely die waiting to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" looks like.
