I've seen Slaughter High many times over the years and I always thought it was a nice film with a funny humor, but I never knew it was filmed in the UK, nor the actor who plays Marty Rantzen. (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the release of the film. I guess I noticed by watching last night that the phrasing of the actors seemed rather strange to the Americans, and that some of them are not very good at hiding their English accents. <br /> <br /> All that aside, this is the story of the class nerd, Marty, who is the target of jokes on the part of his classmates, and on a particular day, Fish Day. In April, he is lured into the girl's locker room by a Carolina Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and humiliated great time on the movie. Of course, the coach catches the gang at work and they are all subjected to a vigorous workout to punish them, but not until two or three guys slip a joint to Marty, as he tries to smoke in the lab chemistry, but it's full of something that makes him sick and when he runs to the bathroom, one of his classmates slides inside and puts a chemical that reacts with something that Marty is mixing causing a fire and spilling a bottle of nitric acid, leaving poor Marty burnt and horribly scarred. <br /> <br /> Ten years later, this same gang goes to their class meeting in the good old Doddsville High, which seems strangely barred and inaccessible, but thanks to the ingenuity they manage to get in and find the place apparently abandoned ... except that there is a room where a banquet and alcohol are arranged, and of course, they eat, drink and are happy. For soon, they will die, of course. <br /> <br /> The gang is tracked one by one by a character with a jester mask, but would it be Marty? They do not know it, they think it's in a garbage bin or works for IBM, they do not know which one. But whoever it is, he treats them quickly. The girl who takes a bath to wash the blood of one of her classmates whose bowels had slipped on her when he drank poisoned beer is particularly nasty. She is suffering from an acid bath which, I think, may have been one of the pieces cut originally in the cassette version, because it seemed even more unpleasant when I watched it this time. I could be wrong, but I do not think it was on the tape. <br /> <br /> Anyway, there is a kind of twist that ends and that also contains images that are not on the tape, I believe. There is also a bit of frontal nudity that was also excised at first, but other than that, I did not really notice if there had been other passages on this uncut version, probably, but it's been a long time since I did not see her. Anyway, if you're a fan of 1980's slasher films, get the new version DVD, because it's a fun little slasher with a good vibe and feel. 7 out of 10
