Slaughter High begins as another day at Doddsville County High School, where the little pussy Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) cheated boarder Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) in the girls' locker room where she advised him to undress in the shower . Carol's gang of friends arrive and give Marty, who is now naked, a big surprise, filming him as he thrusts his head into the girls' bathroom in an April Fool's joke. The school's sports coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang that blames Marty rather badly. They decide to play him another round, but this time the situation gets out of control. Marty is caught in an explosion and nitric acid splashes his. face. Years later, all members of the gang are invited to a class meeting in the closed school, they all come to discover that they are the only ones present. They all venture into it and quickly learn that they are not the only ones there, because Marty is back and takes his revenge ... <br /> <br /> Originally shot under the title April Fool's Day, they probably changed because of another slasher film called April Fool's Day (1986) made the same year, this co-production in American English is unusual in that it has three famous writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (The director has already seen two in a week, the other being the film by Jean-Claude Van Damme, Kickboxer (1989)). I must say that I liked Slaughter High even though he seems to have a pretty bad reputation. What I like about the script is that it's a pure movie, it does not try to be anything else and it only accepts the rules of thumb, the tricks, the traps and play them. Basically, he offers what he promises: a homicidal murderer, blood, breasts and babies. I thought that the character was fine, the story was correct even if it's just an excuse to put a crowd of teenagers in an isolated place so that some killers can crush them one by one and I really liked the end which also ends, which is also something for which Slaughter High is much criticized. The first half starts a little slowly but the second half moves at a rate of knots because there is one bloody death after another. Some situations and character reactions have little meaning, but the same can be said of all the films ever made. Who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Despite the death of three directors credited, Slaughter High went well, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The isolated dilapidated school had a really nice location and a nice appearance, the manufacturers also throw a good storm and there are some nice pictures, especially at the end, where you will find many impressive and uninterrupted shots of stedicam tracking that follow Carol in different corridors of the dilapidated school. Although not particularly elegant, it is certainly quite pretty and is professionally done. There's blood here, including bodies burned, people melted with acid, stoning, stomach explosions, face-axes and death by lawn mower, and someone who drowns in stool fecal! The special effects are also better than expected and I was impressed and satisfied with the number of people higher than expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is better than I expected and beats most of the low-budget horror bullshit that's released today, I would have thought it was a relatively weak budget itself though. Supposedly located in America, this film was obviously shot in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that sounds exactly like all his other scores and is fundamentally identical to the theme of Friday 13 (1980) and its aftermath. Everyone living here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman who played Frank regularly at Emmerdale Farm (one of the highest-rated soap operas in our nation) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role. Legendary operating producer Dick Randall did the act on Slaughter High and appears in the film as a porn movie producer ... talking about typecasting! You can also see a poster illustrating the misunderstood Pieces (1982) that he also directed behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher movie that I really liked. Did you see that? I did not say it was great, I actually said I liked it personally and I'm sure the predictable plot and the lack of history will probably put a lot, so I can not recommend, but I can say that I liked. do that what you want. Be sure to watch the full version if you decide to review it. If you're not a slasher film fan, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you're looking for a simple and effective slasher, you could do a lot worse.
