God Bless 80's slasher movies. It's a fun and funny movie. That's what slasher movies are. Now, I'm not talking about horror movies, but about slasher. It looks like this: a high school nerd is chosen by all those stupid jocks and cheerleaders, then one of their jokes turns terribly badly. Disfigured and back for revenge, wearing a Joker / Jester mask (quite disturbing, I might add), Marty starts killing these teens one by one, many years later, after he makes them believe that their old abandoned high school is having a meeting. It's basically the plot? What's wrong with that? That's the beauty of 80's slasher movies, I would say for the most part. Many things could be so ridiculous, but they continue to attract you over the years. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It contains scandalous murders, and some are quite creative. (poisoning a beer can, acid bath, I do not remember a javelin never used before in another slasher movie) It's really a funny movie. That's all it is. It does not matter if the characters are complete idiots, not to mention their stupidity, or the scandalous and random things that happen in this movie. Such as the lights can be controlled by the killer (when he does not even change a button you will see) and the toilets are able to spit blood, the baths may have acid coming out of them, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because that's what makes it really fun. <br /> <br /> Films like this represent slashers from the 80s. Never again movies like this one could be made, why? It's not the 80's anymore. That's why you should cherish them for what they are, have fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a hardcore fan of Slahsers such as Friday, December 13th. <br /> <br /> One last remark, this movie also had a nasty con, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured nerd who kills all his old enemies in a scary jester mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who plays Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the release of Slaughter High. That alone adds something terrifying to the film, and it sticks, and it makes you even more sorry for the character of Marty, I suppose. All in all, a great pleasure of the slashers of the 80s! Too bad it's never the same again ...
