Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who creates art from the least "astute" objects imaginable. Everyday objects, such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc., which most of us consider utilitarian and considered totally devoid of aesthetic value, are converted into glorious works of art. by Burtynsky's camera. He gets this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that always seem to be present in the industrialized world - for those who are insightful enough to spot them. Even heaps of compacted waste can become beauty items when viewed through Burtynsky's lens (but did not we already know "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where man has already made inroads into nature - which may explain why sometimes even people in his photographs (ie the workers of these places), with their uniform garments and robotic movements, become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Manufactured Landscapes", a documentary on Burtynsky's work, largely evokes the "Koyaanisqatsi", which dazzles us with its richly variegated kaleidoscope of images and motifs. Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematographic terms, while their own cameras record Burtynsky and his assistant when taking pictures in a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and the construction site on the site. massive project of three rivers dam in China. With their fluid camera work, the filmmakers associate point by point the beauty of Burtynsky's images. In fact, the film begins with a breathtaking eight-minute film on a Chinese factory in which hundreds of workers dressed in the same way work in perfectly symmetrical rows and coordinated colors. <br /> <br /> The film does less. Well when Burtynsky stops to articulate the "themes" of his work, which, frankly, sound confusing, contradictory and decidedly, at best, half-cooked. But it is like a purely aesthetic experience, highlighting the image and the form, that "Manufactured Landscapes" resonates the most. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps a picture is really worth a thousand words.
