I had heard that this film was a study of the art of a landscape photographer by presenting the beauty of the deconstruction of the natural landscape by the man. It certainly showed the hard work to find places, prepare plans and capture nude images whose final destinations were art studios around the world. Together, the movie is a real horror movie. <br /> <br /> This film slips on you, supplanting the shock of horrible images with light waves of a wonderful industrial soundtrack that guides you on a slow-moving river. Each sequence is independent, but in combination, you sink deeper into the feeling of overwhelming inevitability. There are few words, which allows greatness in what is shown to preach in its own way. A terrible and massive factory filled with human automatons who live in dormitories without life. People would die early by digging through the mountains of electronic waste to recover recyclable waste. The birth of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in giant cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably all time. The time that passes as a city dies and reborn simultaneously into a replica of modernity that purposely destroys all vestiges of the culture that was. <br /> <br /> The most terrifying picture for me was that of a dam construction engineer explaining that the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shot goes into the orchard behind the spokesperson where you can see the level of the last flood caused by the poisonous water that ate the bark of the trees, demonstrating that only the ugliest vermin could live in the waters. <br /> <What is obvious not to be said is far more powerful than your ordinary Save the Earth documentaries, which preach. Artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method perfectly. 'By not saying what you should see ?? Nowadays, many people are sitting in an uncomfortable place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize that what we do creates profound problems. This is not a simple true or false. It requires a whole new way of thinking. The subtlety of this goes down in a proposal to be //, but the footage of the movie screams that the decision was much taken in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although never declared directly in any way, like the waves of what you see disappearing from your consciousness and you contemplate, there is only one possible conclusion ?? we are doomed. The inexorable human progress of our nature leaves behind a carnage in which this artist finds a terrifying beauty. What he captures in reality are the traces of us, the lemmings that rush unconsciously towards our own disappearance. Unlike most environmental themed films, this one ends without a call to arms. It basically explains the problem, but makes sure that the blame is properly borne on all of us as well.
