This documentary is the result of the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer who has long been interested in the ravages left on earth by man's excavations or buildings. It starts with a vast factory complex populated by people making a wide variety of small things, possibly high-tech equipment parts; it's not really very clear. The focus is on the size of the place, the number of people present and the way they are gathered outside, in small yellow blouses. The film also shows the photographer working on a high-rise structure to make a picture of the group of these people outside the factory and to chat with his team at the same time. It is a world of relentless industrialization. It is a relief at least to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's coldly alleged documentary on the food industry, "Our daily bread". 'Manufactured Landscapes' contains images of people picking up electronic waste and a city (many cities, in reality) being wiped out by the largest dam ever built, with a single snapshot of the mark one bowl using a pair of chopsticks almost bigger than it is. Some of these scenes, those with miserably underpaid workers enslaved in dangerous and toxic places, may have been memorized by the first committed photographer, Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people up close. Its orientation situates it somewhere between Salgado and Lewis Baltz's photographs, cold and neutral landscapes. <br /> <br /> All this is happening in China, of course, even though earlier black-and-white images of the photographer are working around a large shipyard in Bangladesh. It is accompanied by a new age industrial style music alternately soothing and oppressive. There are many photos of the photographer's work - or some of them were made by the film crew? It's not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering through exhibitions of his fine work - great dramatic prints of carefully composed color images with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky creates such unique and glorious images of places that are essentially burned and which, for the ordinary eye, are confusing and boring. He admits himself that he takes no political position. When we are able to compare his images with those of the wandering eye of the film's cinematographer, Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work is almost a kind of glorification, and therefore falsification. But it shows us places that, if we look closely, reveal all their dark history of havoc and neglect, regardless of the precision of manufacture of their photographs. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not quite happily, there Burtynsky, whose voiceover tells most of the film, which takes place on several sites. Burtynsky's "epiphanies" may have inspired his decades of hard work, but they are nothing more than truisms about how we are irreversibly transforming the planet; depend on oil, which is depleted; that China is late in the game of massive industrialization and that it is therefore likely to run out quickly with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest of the "Manufactured Landscapes" would be much greater if there were new insightful ideas to accompany it. The reasons for looking at it are two: to see a glimpse of Burtynsky's work and the raw materials, the spaces he visits and describes so beautifully; and observe scenes from the vast, impressive, impressive and rather frightening industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title "Manufactured Landscapes" seems insufficiently developed. It even seems like a misnomer. These are new landscapes, but they are by-products of manufacturing rather than "products". "Waste Landscapes" or "Devastated Landscapes" could be a better title. This documentary leaves plenty of room for further cinematic work on this intriguing subject; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky may be better off browsing his books or exhibitions.
