As soon as I knew that Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said "I have to watch this movie". She is the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter. His "work", as the "no action" scenes teach us, reflects his rebellious and violent attitude to life. I have to admit that this is the first time I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are those where guns are far from the hands of the characters. So it stomped me a bit. Anyway, for all fans of John Woo, there are falling helicopters, explosions, gunshots as if it were raining, and a beautiful Keira who shoots with two machine guns, one per hand. The casting is absolutely great. Going beyond Keira, who in this film is a real tomboy, quite different from the beautiful figurine we are used to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual face of slap-thrower and his powerful body . Christopher Walken does a pretty good job as a reality TV producer. <br /> <br /> Let's see the content: this film has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgusting" real. Whoever has looked at this charge of. . . you-know-what, can you say that it's the air you breathe in these situations. Like the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "a basket, no offense," he replies, "I do not take it as an offense." This film describes a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that did not want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a "not so generous" bounty hunter, Choco (the third guy in the group), which family is (using the words from Ed), "the corrector institutes he was", and Alf, the driver / bomber coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people represents in a way humanity born "without the shirt"; unlucky, violent and with nothing to lose, except their lives (as they would consider) miserable. The film's intro says it's "inspired by a true story ... more or less," so I can not tell you how true this is. Anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see and classify as an action movie), the story of characters is too realistic to be "sweetened". <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and certainly not boring. What has not convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as ever in her career as an actress). This is only the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and that's a story). Probably the only "con", in a movie with a lot of "pros". <br /> <br /> Overall: This is not "SWAT". The characters are made; they have an identity, a form. They have a name and a last name (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). This is the case to say, it is the biography of a girl whose life was as fast as a ball.
