Advance Notification: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, I thought "Finally!" I have not yet seen a film about popular dance of African influence (popular movements of hip-hop, break or not) where the main character was a black woman. I saw an excessive amount of movies in which a non-black woman who knew nothing about hip-hop came back to the surface and did a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but the The black women in the movie are almost nonexistent. It always bothered me to think so much about hip-hop dance, of African influence, and to break with blacks and Latinos in huge quantities in these particular sets and it is not always the men who interpreted it, so I I thought this movie had been long the time is coming. However, the race does not make the film, so I also wanted it to carry a credible plot; the dance is entertaining; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Positive points: I really liked this film about Jamaican culture. I do not remember ever having seen a popular mainstream film where all the main characters were Jamaican; had credible accents; and were not stereotyped with the hats. The steppers, the family, the friends and even the "hooligans" were all very intelligent and realistic people who were trying to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they lived by doing something positive. Even when the public was informed that the main character's sister had chosen an alternative way of life, it still did not make the plot stereotypical. I am satisfied with the way he was portrayed. I loved the pace; the romantic romantic relationship that happens between two steppers; the ordeals that the parents of the main character went through; and how she managed her return to her old neighborhood and her crabs in a barrel. I respected the fact that it is both intelligent and active and that so many other film sistas were manipulated in the world of footsteps. They were all as good as the guys. I do not see that in too many movies these days, at least not those that would be considered black movies. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: I'm not quite sure why the filmmakers or filmmakers did it, but I wonder if they've been to real-life shows . Whenever the steppers are ready to play, a hip hop song plays in place of the beats of the hands / feet of the steppers. In a real show, there is no need for music, apart from entertaining crowds between groups. And then, when hip-hop songs were played, the rhythm of the song was sometimes shifted to the rhythm of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was embarrassing. I was more impressed by the progression in this film than by "Stomp the Yard" (another awesome movie), because the women had to be as fierce as the guys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got some seconds of some prissy twirl and hair flip and the (Deltas?) let out a song and some steps and were immediately cut). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies tore it up, especially in the auto shop, and it was without all the music that covered their physical music. I know the soundtracks have to be sold, but moviegoers could have played the music in other parts of the film. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, I kept saying to myself, "Is it written in the script that she's constantly laying her hand on her hip when she talks? " It seemed uncomfortable on the screen. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny, as usual. In addition, I groaned when I discovered that the film was supposed to be in the ghetto, as if the step could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people have been described as overly ignorant because of their neighborhoods and losers, which mainstream movies tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this film five stars, but the music that killed him killed him for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out and I hope the bonus scenes will include real step by step without all the songs.
