In the film adaptation of Margaret Laurence's novel, The Stone Angel, Ellen Burstyn, directed by the Canadian director, is Hagar Shipley, a proud and modest woman approaching the 1990s who wants to remain independent until the end, refusing stubbornly being placed in a retirement home by her. well-meaning son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, and shot in the fictional city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a simple, conventional interpretation of the book he has been asked to read in English high school in Canada for almost a year. half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from the stone statue erected on the grave of Hagar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express his emotions during his tumultuous life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but he is a bit too sympathetic to fully understand the self-sufficient and selfish character who managed to alienate his rich father, well-intentioned but alcoholic husband and both son. As she approaches the end of her days, she says to herself: "Pride was my desert and the demon that had led me to fear. I was alone, never anything else, and never free, because I carried my chains in me and they spread. out of me and chaining everything I touched ". <br /> <br /> Faced with having to spend his last days in a retirement home, Hagar turns around to look at his life and his failed relationships, his memories are shown in The story begins with a dance she witnessed as a young girl, chained by her aunt Dolly, and meets her future husband, Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings). Hauser), who had already been married, is a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is tarnished because of his association with the Native American population.The young Hagar is performed by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first role. Hagar's pleadings, his relationship with Bram is rejected by his cold, rigid father whose refusal to attend the marriage begins the marriage of the wrong foot, which is exacerbated by the fact that he leaves all his money to the v Ille of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> By going through the gestures of his marriage with Bram, Hagar withdraws from social activities to avoid being rejected by the upper classes of the city. When she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she is unable to give them the love they need. "Every joy I could have felt in my man or in one of my children, or even the light of the morning," she said to herself, "all were forced to stalemate because of a break from When did I ever speak about the truth of the heart? "Like the Hagar Bible who fled into the desert because she could not tolerate any other affront to her pride, Hagar left Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returned to Shipley Farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene returns to this, Hagar escapes into an abandoned house near the ocean that she remembers from her childhood to escape placement in a retirement home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy). She meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby). who is interested in her and compels her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life. The Stone Angel eliminates all emotional obstacles, but never completely develops her characters to the point that I feel an important issue in the outcome of the story, although Ellen Page's engrossing performance as a naïve and devoted girlfriend of John and the moving final scenes bring new energy. in the second half of the film.
