I was surprised to see how much I appreciated this drama presented with a lot of attention, which, because of its scanty score of 6.6, almost missed me; as I rarely give time to a movie rated below 7/10. That said, I'm delighted to have given Stone Angel the vision it deserved so much. And you should do the same, if you are one of the increasingly rare people of more and more sensitive people on this earth, living and alive, living on this earth. <br /> <br /> to know. his themes, his execution, his style, his production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me a lot of the much appreciated "The Notebook". I am so surprised that other commentators have not noticed the many similarities that have struck me many times throughout this film. I can only assume that those who have written comments have not yet seen the notebook. They may not share the theme of Alzheimer's, but I can say with certainty that if you really like "The Notebook", you will certainly find something to make your time grow with "The Stone Angel". But even if you have not seen The Notebook, nor read the book on which this movement is based (and which incidentally, I do not have it either), you should definitely find a lot to hold your attention firmly - as long as your favorite genres do not include fast-action thrillers. It's a film for thinkers and those who like to remember the passing of time, how life changes over the years and what could have happened in each person's life over the years. <br /> <br /> An underrated but excellent film really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame his current score of 6.6 / 10 on 10% of the idiots who gave him 1/10. After all, he drew less than 300 votes as I write this comment. Nevertheless, if the 11% who gave him the lowest possible ranking really expected car chases and explosions, why did not they watch ... for a few seconds at a time at the police headquarters. film and in the promotional lines? Oh my God ... Whatever the world comes, do not miss this most underrated gem of the movie - but only * if * you have a brain (that is, your top ten does not understand Transformers , Fight Club and The Terminator).
