The airport777 is painting a new luxury 747 airplane, charging valuable spots, and a wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who is flying and selling VIP much better for public opening. as a museum, as well as daughter Stevens Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury aircraft comes out in accordance with the forecast, but in the middle of the air, the rider Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplices, Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), are shocked by the passengers and the crew. Sleeping gas prevents stealing a valuable sale on an isolated band on an isolated island, but its descent is controlled by the Pacific Ocean platform and loses control of the offshore aircraft. Bottom right wing in the center of the Bermuda Triangle. With a short supply of air, the water is poured and over 200 kilometers after the route passes, the survivors are assembled, while they help to deplete ... <br /> <br /> Also known as under different files. The secondary demolition of the airport in 1977, the second thrash of the thriller airport (1970), directed by Jerry Jameson, and again like previous ones, I can not say that the airport's '77 neglected classical, entertaining but not necessarily good reason. I just liked the best of three of the three airports in the airport I have seen so far. He has a favorite plot of land in the middle of the open air, and afterwards he exploded (he did not see the oil platform) and sank 747 (perhaps trying to cross the original airport with another), a popular catastrophe and Poseidon Adventure (1972) There is a strong dilemma that paralyzes those who are trapped inside, or when it is drowned when the drowning of 747 flood or debris is exhausted or drowned when the air is drowned. They are open and can be a decent idea for a small disaster, but the worst character, the sad conversation, the unnecessary parts, and the actual or a lack of risk or suspicion mean that this is a missed opportunity. While the land that remains on the floor keeps 108 minutes curious and entertaining, when the plane fails, it happens a lot and there is no need to believe that there is no need. The things involved in the army are not much in the way of huge ships and helicopters, but here's something missing. The company's company, George Kennedy, returned to Joe Patroni but only got a couple of scenes and said nothing about being in the background. <br /> <br /> <br /> The home of the airport '77 and theatrical version. After executing a 108-minute US television footage footage adding an added hourglass, including a new sequence of new initial credits, George Kennedy's Patron's much more scenes, including characters, longer rescue scenes and discovery or other dead bodies. browser While I wanted to see this extra picture, I'm not sure if I would be sitting around the airport's' about three hours. As expected, the film has been in vain for fashion and interior design options. I do not even mean that the effects of the toy aircraft model are not great. Along with two other airport departures, the Razzie Prize Hall of Shame takes pride, but I think it's a bit worse for the movies, so it's a little bit hard. The scenes of the actions are modest, unfortunately, the rhythm is slow and there is a lot of enthusiasm or tension, it is shameful that they believe that this film might be quite appropriate. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are good if not spectacular. The performance is not very good, Jack Lemmon Oscar winner twice said that this was wrong, James Stewart is an old and weak appearance for Oscar nominations, while Lee Grant's one-eyed Oscar look like Sir Christopher Lee. There is little to be done and there are other faces that are too familiar. <br /> <br /> The airline's '77 airport's disaster in the three films so far and the ideas behind it have made me feel like nonsense, production and direct direction does not help, and also the movie on the sunk plane would not be boring or useless. Below Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
