The summer season is here when the film is set to be the hottest film of this week, 99.9% of the screenplay provided. OK, so I can be excessive about that percentage, but you'll get it scampered. In addition to the Hollywood stuff, Bollywood has its own secondary productions, and I've seen too many of the revealed trailers. Tashan was nominated for one of the most planned in 2008, but I was very impressed that it was less than the lower part of the movie theaters. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a whole house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After seeing, why did I know? It was entertaining, but it was basically weak. A literal English title, like "style", is a Tashan style, but a little substance. It's not a common star power, but the scene felt forced, and some ridiculed ridiculous, even though Bollywood standards said. That's surprisingly, it's directed at Tashan and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, I've had two great things. <br /> <br /> If you do not even guess your direction with Tashan, it's likely that you're going to take it out of your plot, that is, the one you like most. The story tried to force too many things, although it would be possible to question the nature of the motivation, but it was too late, and it ended only before the end. It imitates the whole stimulating action, imitating a lot of Thai action movies, Hong Kong's wirework and Hollywood firearms and left-wing aggression. And in order to collect all the interior of the kitchen sink, there are several vehicles and the one that took the cake, in a tribute to Dhoom 2, was a boat boat in the middle of nothing. <br /> <br /> As soon as possible, Tashan's delight can be enjoyed unwantedly, and he has been fascinated with the character of the author's character. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff in the call for English teaching in English teaching centers, just like the new girlfriend material as a fishing platform. He leaves his playboy mode when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who does not accurately describe her who is a generous and sweet hottie. Baiyyaji Baiyyaji (Anil Kapoor) encourages Jimmy's services, most likely to laugh when he talks about English and how does an ah-beng speak. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays with Bachchan Pandey, who is a recruited illiterate and has been robbed by Bhaiyyai by Jimmy and Pooja, when they steal from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> So, the journey begins on a type of journey, with friends who have become enemies, and you will be met by enemy friends on a road trip. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unapologetic among all, since he is from zero to hero, because he runs the Rambo shy movements, which is totally lacking in time. Kareena Kapoor develops a sexual factor because she uses her charm to break the two men, and she has plenty of options for her bikini scene, necklaces and hemlinks on her knees. I have a backstory created by all the characters and I thought that Bachsam Pandey was probably the best, most moving and fun in Akshay Kumar, although his character seemed like Hulk Incredible, non-green. and power packing punches. His wounds are healed automatically, Wolverine is embarrassed. And it is best for him to play his song, which is like a nasty alpha-male and a racer, every time he makes his opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad, this is the only melodic tune. Something that "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey" encourages. I see most of Bollywood films, I will usually be able, despite clear language barriers, to reflect on two of the songs that they play. After Tasan I could not do that, because the songs were unfortunately not unpleasant. Normally the song / dance routine works well in the storyline, without taking the characters out of their current scene or location. I like dropping and immersed in extreme settings on a mountain and in sharp rocks in front of the beach. The story of Krishna Acharya, you surely want something more humble and ridiculous than ever, and a continual careful one. As presented in the cookery, you can now begin to understand why people have already abandoned it. Although Akshay Kumr was stealing the show, Tashan could have been better.
