When Kareena Kapoor looks at the bikini of two pieces, is it about the thing that awakens your sleep in Tashan? This weekend, the pain and disappointment of a headless movie in cinemas. Bad movies are bad movies and we watch them once a week, but Tashan is not a bad movie, it's a horrible movie. The horrible thing is that the viewers, too horrible, are expecting filmmakers to escape without plot or sense, as they have earned huge movie stars. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya. describe it as a road movie, but one that makes all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan is Jimmy Cliff, who is under the direction of the call centers contracted for teaching Bhaiyyajir English - Anil Kapoor, who plays gangster faces, is disappointed to make it cool. Jimmy looked at Pooja, a handsome young gangster assistant (Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to crush 25 crore chiefs. In order to recover money, and to punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaj hired his trusted man to work. So, Akshay Kumar is Bachchan Pandey, the faithful assistant of the gangster gangs, who is looking for guilty and regains the stolen money that is hidden in the length and breadth of the country. A scripts centered on vendetta plot. But the treatment is so inadequate that it does not connect so leniently. Based on a coherent script or one of three traditional structures, you get a few scenic sets, of which most of the scenes are built. This singing song in the desert, the scene of the action being carried out at Rajasthani Fort, the Kareeena bikini moment, and exciting climate action, including the Shaolin monks, passing on a dirty dirt bike and believing it, even if the Tonga of Dhanno style horses. Correctly, not all of these pieces are done incorrectly - the song of the desert objects is really very clear, but there is very little sense in the wide image, just because it is moving from one part to another. Script support really. You do not expect a video clip of a fast-paced appearance to find a feeling of unhappy flashback about childhood lovers. Tashan's problem is that no one connected to this film knew what film they were doing. Also, I do not think they care - it adorns the movie pride. If you watch arbitrarily stopping or blurring any of the elements in all genres, it's like Tashan's cocks. There are movies that kill you, and then it's in Tashan. An exciting camera, covered with exotic locations and costumes, surely the film's frames would cost lakhs, but eventually it feels like an empty piece because it does not have stories. Tarantino and Stephen Chow have no narrative loans, because they are not confused with a thin plot of films. It's possible that if some complaints are a bit more intense than the characters, but Anil Kapoor wants you to join the Hinglish dialogue with wrists, and the stupid movie Saif Ali Khan can not find his feet. On the other hand, Kareena Kapoor, a senior queen of distribution, works hard. But, of course, if Tashan is partly recovered, Akshay Kumar's irrevocable presence and spontaneous approach to the character is. When you crotch over your head, you wrinkle it when you're covered and you notice a sensible double interview, but for a moment you do not get your eyes on the screen. There, although Vishal-Shekhar's good music, songs seem to stretch only your misery. Well, Tashan is your patience test. If you do not know it, it means the style of Tashan. I'm sorry to say, this film does not have any.
