Horror Masters: The Screwfly Solution, in America, begins to infect an influential air virus from the male population, when men are ignited, they kill every woman they see on behalf of God without distinction. Alan (Jasn Priestley) sums up the government and knows more than most and the situation may have gone too far, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take her young daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) and try to survive the human being If these races depended ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian American co-production was a 7th season from the season of Masters of Horrror TV directed by Joe Dante. The Screwfly solution was pretty bad. Personally, I suck Sam Hamm's script, it's taken seriously and I do not understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror section, the filmmakers are the story of horror that The Screwfly Solution makes. He thought that it was a matter of 60 minutes and the issues and ideas, besides the visual fright of the screen, especially the ecological message that has a bit to break our throat. What can be interpreted necessarily ends up as an expression of necessity rather than a significant effort to accomplish things. I was not happy with the story, it was not happy, when men are only dying when their sex is killed, why does not the flight attendant break the neck on the plane? I think the sex was awakened. Why do you think that every month has died in God's name? I simply can not see that every block of the Earth suddenly began to believe in the Bible and God. I found a ridiculous idea and the show clearly explains that there is nothing religious. Does the divine have a woman who sees what they see? Then, people have been activated by other things, such as gay? Will the boys kill the women instead? I know that there is a short scene that makes a joke for a gay gai, but it is well on the one hand, and then I liked it most. All women with psyche and rounds have all been killed in the earth, as it has never happened, such as stupid ones, drawings are litter bins, and if you want to round things up, it's an end to it. The X-Files (1993 - 2002), with a clear neon from a section denoted. <br /> <br /> Dante's director is definitely not worried about being a master of horror, the story is wrong with the rhythm, it's just stupid that he is deadly straightforward and makes a horror spectacle like this, he turns over a thriller In a situation where loose viruses are dead, and the next mother and daughter. That's why I'm going to run, there's not much here in what I'm calling an effective horror and much less in a gore. There's a scene when a woman is in a broken bottle; A short scene, when a guy throws a bottle, and another woman strikes her stomach but something else to write home. <br /> <br /> Technically, like in other episodes, it's very good and it's not like a cheap TV show; Because they are as good as special effects and well-made. The play is fine, but nobody really stands out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is the worst chapter of the Master Scores I've seen, but I have not seen ... yet. As a piece of entertainment, he did nothing to me and he made me disassemble as a show by the Horror Masters.
