I thought it was time to come. Pokemon fans are suffering in America. Why? Because Kids are trusted in the WB and 4Kids Entertainment to supply our loved ones and movies. As for the series, they make quite a good job of transferring magic of Japanese versions and magic to television. So what's the problem in cinema? Honestly, I have seen all three Pokémon films in Japan and I will definitely be the fourth. They are excellent films. It is spectacular and fun. And after seeing Pokémon 2000 at theaters, I can not wonder how American producers read Japanese. As it appears, they seem to read and see "insert pure morality here" with a bold face. Without a doubt, this way it appears that they used wonderful methods of duplication in MSB (which used the extreme sarcasm itself) and created this gap. <br /> <br /> * Waste from now on * <br /> <br /> I should talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure. His first condemnation was no narrative. Pikachu's holiday commentary on the Pokedex storytelling was overwhelmed, and instead of replacing it with Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, instead of replacing them with a gentle and gentle voice, they cut off the narrative. This would not be a problem, except one thing. Did Exeggcute really understand why he did not leave Togepi until the end? Maybe fans, but I'm sure parents do not. Then it's the song. I could not help rolling my eyes. The Japanese song "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" was performed by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This: nauseated. Now, one of my favorite part of the short film was Kireihana dance. Beautiful, spectacular music. It changed with Bellossom. He sucked a music, but also, all the music, they had all the pokemon debate, terrifying, annoying and unnecessary. Oh, then Poliwhirl thinks it's a Poliwrath. It would be best to know at least what those who are collaborating with these characters. In essence, this is not a bad mistake to keep this joke, given the unfavorable potential. However, I still do not touch the worst thing. <br /> <br /> I think the warning signals were revealed to me in the Nintendo Power magazine. For some credible reasons, I have put faith in 4Kids and the WB. My thoughts "well, they fucked in the first film, but the second one is different depending on the subject, so they should do it right". Given that, I did not pay attention to the warning signs detected in theaters, "You think a person can do everything in the difference". As they said, in each round, I expected that this was not in the moral of the festival, such as the MSB at the end of the English version. Then it puts Nintendo Power, and I see all my fears in 'Main feature' in a 'Power'. At that moment, I became more uncomfortable. "One power?" It's not a good sign However, I still keep one of my false faiths. Great mistakes <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, literally, I saw some Japanese stomach creams in a different movie, becoming a waste. I listen to comments that say it was a bit better for saying something better. I see one point, because there's no such thing going on, repeating it repeatedly, like in MSB. However, he did more than any other damage in this movie. First of all, the change in the readings changed somewhat: "The world goes to Ash." Oh! So is Ash selected? Whatever In the Japanese version, Arshiako people needed a Pokémon coach to perform their regular ceremony. This time, it is selected. The damage harmed Lugi. Lugia was one of the most beautiful characters in a Pokémon movie ... the movie ABACITY. In this case, Lugia Ash rests on the seat. In the scene that is returning to the main island, Lugia and Ash are the debates about Lugia's situation, it will not make Ash the difference. Generally in this category, Ash was not really "supportive", because many helped him. <br /> <br /> Many other things are about to gather me. . The furious flute song was not nearly as sweet and nice as Japan. What did Jirarudan talk about if his collection was saying that he started with a "Mew card"? 'Ugh. Even worse, Misty's attack originated with Moltres and Zapdos. "Why do not you put them in the Pokéball when you've caught them? It's like it's about to be displayed." Pokémon is much more different about it, things like stamps should be collected, if they are for real value, they came from Team Rocket, some fun lines. It's not really loud to make me laugh, but more to make me giggle and to relieve my stomach a bit. Well, that was officially the latest American Pokémon movie, I've been importing a third-party and it's very nice. I'd rather like another Japanese guy I'll import a fourth, forget it, Kids WB and 4Kids. You've left me for the last time.
