I agree, therefore, about the new film Justin Timberlake, which has quite a lot of names. I'm saying big actors, such as The Freeman, Morgan Freeman, a Hollywood act, but completely useless in this movie. Then I got Kevin Spacey, I've had a great fan since I saw American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. These two excellent actors tried to make the movie, as I heard the story, thinking that it would be a great movie. Then, enter the Justin Timberlake face fresh. I mean cool faces, this is his first movie and the tomatoes have not yet touched him. Well, I can add the reason why nobody ever watched this movie or read this review. The movie is so awesome when I joined the first 15 minutes. The characters were so dense, as some of the biblical figures were like Don Corleone. They get stuff from a liner and sound bite worth it. A black man with a scary guy (LL COOL J) who would otherwise not be, even with him, a beautiful woman of real life. The captain is a guy who speaks a long rumor. And what a huge movie would be completed without enriching the hero's richest experience. Oh and I have a lot of gun fire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT!) The heroine and heroine who kills the police gun fire. They got Flame throwers and rocket launchers, REALLY NOT in joke. <br /> <br /> If you want to watch Edison on line, you're a fan of one of the actors or Justin Timberlake. All 13-year-old girls enjoy! I'd like to have more hands, because then I would have smaller pictures, because this movie is so terrible, because so many small thumbnails were nothing to say, because the movie is so huge. He prevented me from laughing at the frustration around the story, because it just ended, the shooters and the cries were always happening. <br /> <br /> WE OFFER ALL THE MARKETS and save us from those horrible movies. It may be a bit worse if someone else who becomes a horrible actress of RNB's horrible actress, Usher, HE MIX lol, or even drowsy, or dying. Nowadays, the special things about this film are made up of 30 men, including 16 or even younger. I could continue with these.
