Hollywood's obsession with correctness has made more mistake. For "Godfather II" there are dozens of more "American Graffiti", "Stayin 'Alive" and "Grease 2's". Although not the original "Grease" short film, the adaptation of Broadway's 1972 feature was a 1960's song, energy choreography and an attractive cast. When Paramount began tracking, the producers became virtually empty in all aspects of an original super-production. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, in the case of filmmakers, Michelle Pfeiffer has survived this experience and read previously written texts. signing contracts His talent and beauty are already evident, and Pfeiffer is ashamed to dance in customs and infectious songs. Maxwell Caulfield, however, is also lacking in ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from the catamotion to the range. What romantic interest, beyond the hormone, could the beautiful Pfeiffer hearer in Caulfield? The dreadful mystery will last long after the wedding is gone, after a mistaken reminder. Eau Ardenne, Connie Stevens and Sid César have no idea whatsoever, but Lorna Luft climbs slightly more than lame material. <br /> <br /> The reviewers complained that "Grease 2" is always. Compared to the original, the movie is missing. However, in terms of himself, the movie is clunker. After a number that emits unbelievable openings, when the whole phenomenon was released, the energy dissipates. With a few exceptions, original songs do not resemble the early 60's and "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's comedy time" is the only nostalgia. They have fallen into jest and the choreography of a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be polite. However, films have been worse off to the audience, and inevitable sequences will be made, as long as producers avoid condolences to confirm their heartbeat. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not unpleasant as well. Instead, movies are like the audience's attention to rail disasters. When all the bodies are recovered, the next scene will be immersed in a worse way.
