Following the amazing Attack Force, Seagal can only step one step with Flight Of Fury step by step. It would take some unexpected Attack Force force. Flight Of Fury, in general, is a remarkable improvement, but still the most thought-out, crazy. Mediocrity apparently had an achievement in Seagal during these days, the dull vision of the fall of his career. The Attack Force plot lines were completely changed from the concepts of filming to production, but the attacker's line line is still easier. Someone steals a stealth super fighter, who intends to use chemical weapons (later, we will destroy everything in the world in 48 hours). Seagal must return the plane. It's very simple, the conspiracy that weighs on the underground plots and weighs the movies has much less work. It's not a sudden saying that there are good stories, it's pretty bad. The entry of secondary characters is poorly done, for example. <br /> <br /> In FOF terms, it's bad. Everyone involved has done wrong and Seagal tears is almost bored. It only has the appearance of a child that has forced him to give birth to a childhood will, and so he constantly gestures and half assedness. Is Seagal blamed if the material is so ambitious and raw? It's not really. Castel Studio's latest movie is the latest movie. Producers can not work remotely well, offering a budget of $ 12 million and (necessarily compulsory for 5 million Seagal) will probably be a nice part of it (if the other 7 million movie is made, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). That's why why should Seagal work in a film that is distributed before distributing the effort. Fan, however, argues that at least he owes effort. It looks sharply, and the use of stands and dubbers is always significant. Michael Keusch directs it with a bit of efficiency, but cinematography is pretty good, but in all technical areas (and, as usual, the standard group spent with Castel), it's just mediocrity and there is nothing more than anything over the movie material. boring man There are some scenes of action that once again focus on other characters called Seagal. See all the truths we do not want to see. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not bad. It's pretty and violent and sometimes it's similar to Seagal Seagal blows, but there's nothing special in general. Partly because the stunt crew is inadequate due to excessive time or a lot of exciting shooting time. For me, the Shadow Man film was pleasant, inconsistent, mixing, excluding line line, seagal moments in the sea and more in the center. He has never disappeared during the film. Seagal disappears intensely in a scene here, and then explains again, with a little explanation. There is not too much footage used. The use of stockfiles is not entirely horrible, but the use of crutches is the same. We deal with many shipbuilding plans that are annoying at all times. Additionally, the continuity of footage is in place (just check the backgrounds, cuts and changes). <br /> <br /> It is in the center of the film's road. One of the best movie scenes is that the girls' scene is completely lacking and free. Seagal also goes back a bit. In general, this is what I'm better understood by entrepreneurs, but that's not true. This would like a lot of fans, but they should be taken into account, as Seagal himself would like to forget about himself. **
