Fury of Fury begins with the official flight tests X-77, General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes), to become a new hidden fighter to be invisible. General Barnes will go to the pilot's colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) and goes missing to X-77, which Barnes will take to Ratcher in northern Afghanistan and much better than the terrorist groups known as Sunday's Black. Powered by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), he will use the X-77 in the U.S. air space to take some of the bombing and dropping bombs into the ocean in the US. General Barnes is worried about the loss of the aircraft and sends a soldier from John Sands (Steven Seagal, writer and executive producer) to get him and kill him in that process ... <br /> <br /> American, British and Romanian production Michael Keusch- and directed Seagal's third film, Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007). Fortunately, someone agreed that it was not a partnership. We are grateful for the interaction between the work and the public that is unforgettable. It seems that Flight of Fury Black Thunder (1988) is a new scene scene, even though Michael Dudikoff is the protagonist, it can be the same as the same name, so the same interviews can be used without the authors. I need to change names like names, although I have to admit that I have never seen Thunder Black and I can not compare them. Flight of Fury is a horrible movie, produced and written recently by Seagal. It's boring, though it's not slow, it's a bad character, it's stuffy, things happen randomly, the plot is bad, the reason behind the events does not exist, and production is really lazy, since it never seems like the viewer anywhere in Afghanistan. they continue with the proper military procedures. The scenes of the actions are tidy and there is no illusion, the criminals are boring as heroes and there is the worst Seagal. <br /> <br /> It seems that the flight of anger in large part Although the footage that does not comply well, the background can change, the changing of people's clothes, the changing area, the cinema and the quality of the film changes very violently, it is obvious to others (better ) as we are seeing. Filmed in Hell, Seagal is never approaching an airplane. The scene of the action has been very much edited, it is very difficult for anyone who is obviously seagal to break the weapons of the peoples. Full production is very cheap and worse. <br /> <br /> The IMDb thinks that he thinks he has a budget of $ 12,000,000, which is completely dirty, if so where did the money go? As a wilderness wars in Afghanistan, it's broken, it seems to have shot down my local forests, shot in Romania, and Romanian rural Afghanistan is not convincing. A great deal of operation was expected, and Seagal is doubled again. <br /> <br /> Fury of Fury is a terrific film that is boring action, amateur and almost every scene scene is a new version of another movie. A seafront action thriller really lazy and poorly produced, why do I cause more?
