It has been said that "the city on the hill can not be hidden" and located on Virginia City, Nevada, Mount Mt. Davidson Tahoe West 6200 ft in Tahoe is an excellent example, or in the context of the movie, it should be. The dream Americans dreamed of Virginia City started like gold and silver. The Civil War began to be suspicious in the same year. The birthplace of the dean of American letters; The young reporter, named Samuel Clemens, started using the name "Mark Twain" and became the most famous American writer. At the same time, Hearst was the birthplace of great fortune, and John Mackay was set to become the richest man in America, the richest third in the world. Hey, they should do about the same movie! The town of Virginia in 1860 was in the hometown of all Boom cities, at a time of great bonanza, during the time of the great "metropolis" of St. Louis and St. Francis. Virginia City (movie) lacks all of this, and Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott play a great deal about Hogwash North / South's biella. Captain Flynn is Kerry Bradford, a POW of the Union is one of the middle concentrations called Captain Vance Irby, a concentration camp in Scott. These two always get each other's way. Bradford escapes and then tries to get gold bullion from someone who stops getting a bullion from a gold snub. . . Irby! "Hey, what's up here!" Amazing. Bogart is a wonderful Mexican thief and can not decide who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays a stunning character called "Julia Hayne", of course, the first lady of the town, Julia Bulette, a famous prostitute in real life. She goes to Washington and talks with Abe Honest to hang BRADFORD (not Irby) and stay blah blah blah. Go to the image. The writer had to hang out. "Real life" Twain has reported on the final day of the war that the Sun caused an American flag on Mt. Davidson was surprised by the stunning inhabitants to make a movie similar. Three days later, he was captured by the South. An interesting curiosity on the film, when Alan Hale and Guin Williams rumors how they shoot guns, how they're going to go fishing or trying to catch the bullets faster. It's not a bad idea for the movie. The same type of film covers sweat and corn throughout the movie. Gosh, how to lose gold madness, deep wealth, silver battles in the mines, escaping from Mark Twain town and beat-showdown, railroad abuse, the Opera House firefighter, Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral. Chinese tanks, black salts, auction. . ? All this in the mounted wilderness? The truth was real. Has the real wealth sparked a great holocaust in America? Well, if you tell this movie, it would not leave the city of Virginia the first debacle. It's a desperation for fans of Virginia City, because the town has failed because of the "city of illusions" because the evil is flowing from the ground. . . Well, the movie is fun. Flynn and the gang are always excellent, whatever the story is destroying. If Flynn was just for his rotting car, I would double my grade.
