We will enter into the world of this second movie, so that you know the kind of movie we are dealing with. We let 50,000 bullets out on the wall and shoot at the good guy behind the pillars, shouting at the end of the day and instead of killing the guy. THIS IS SORRY ... up and down and not POP! ... what do you do? Bad boy ... speaks with him. He caught a good man and spoke with him holding the gun. YOU DO NOT MAKE IT TO MAKE IT! PLEASE THINK! Return ORA! However, he speaks with him. Another thing. In the end, a newspaper explains something like the "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT Right Here" or paper, just like the first time the story is printed. So, how did someone beat a Pulitzer quickly? Yes, do you know the stupid movies? Well, Edison is the word. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman's freshman and Kevin Spacey are hard on the road, LL Cool J speaks his role completely over the phone. He was offered to a boy at a night club in every place, and the latest "Duck" was never something like a fatal weapon ... and Justin Timberlake shakes his nonsense about talking and talking. . Bright spot only by Dylan McDermott was one of the crazy of the best impression of his "Denzel workout", it was quite fun. <br /> <br /> Oh, so what's the movie? Eh, the typical Edison special fiction unit of the city, about the scandals that "called FRAT" (I do not know what I do), was supposed to be a joke of SWAT in any way, Justin Timberflake smiled like a super singer-songwriter. After a while he was terribly rude and is looking for a story that gains confidence in his way of earning his leader (Freeman), because they both more and more mislead their thoughts. Blah: a brief summary of his film, half-distribution training that coincides with the day The slow pause was turned off, the script was awesome, and the theater was very inspired, and everywhere it did not jump, this movie was not meaningless, it's a senseless movie, it's a bit more complicated when I finished the review when I finished the movie. .. There is no lies Basically, do not waste your time!
