All movie makers arriving at the Hollywood bus station must give this plot. Then fill the gaps and put the story in any city or city ghetto. You know very well the movie that opens this movie, four young boys play slow thinking, along with the narrative voice. The stop of the bus station is to buy the material storage consisting of four young boys. When they grow up, it's easy to find a writer / director in the fourth place. Hairstyle, long-haired, never seen in his composition books covered with pants. This means that his talented writing talent will come from Hickville to Hollywood. Here there is no writing, nor directing talent. And if you can not know yet, here is a tip: the author and his characters have the same central name. It took more than an hour to find out that there were twenty people to be in school. It seemed like a prison, it seemed like high school, the patron saint was the main one. Once again, a misunderstood rebel in poverty has thrown all of the movies into dying, killing and stealing, but it is impossible to face his alcoholic father. How do you go back, boy, like everyone else? Many fists with fist scenes do not have any apparent purpose. Bad conversation Many scenes are wrong. Cartoons continue to be an explanation thanks to the premiere audiences. Excessive illness. And if you do not get self-relevant discourses or motion scenes, listen to daring music. It will be a clue and what you need to feel. Marisa Ryan's poor frequency often takes a lot of miles in the country's amateur amateur regional film. The biggest sin is that the viewers look at children who look after old women, who are chained to a tree, who are more and more robbed and stealing. But if we went out of town and went to college. Yes, this is the card. Why is it that about twenty filmmakers believe that their lives are so far less important, so interesting, that the world can not wait to see on screen? It seems that this movie seems to be autobiographical, and then the author should look better at police authorities issued by the refugee.
