Sam Peckinpah's The WILD BUNCH (1969) superlative opens the doors to ultra-graphic graphic violence, he managed the cameraman with generosity (a whiskey marinated) camera and he had real stories. but the number of imitations that were far from the benchmarks of Peckinpah's epic is not flat, and SOLDIER is definitely included in this category. <br /> <br /> SOLDADURA BLEW, AZ, AZKAR story tells Cresta Lee (Candice Berg) a huge Chinese New Yorker who is scared to "recover" from Cheyenne's two "captives" years and is now sent to a fortress. He wants to get his money married. In the traveling cart, there is a government gold shipment, which Cheyenne needs to buy rifles, so the soldiers are eliminated and escaped to the Cresta Hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss). lonely survivor knight errant Gant, known as the "Soldier Blue", claims that the Cresta's "wild" years have been well spent, exceeding Gant's survival skills, far beyond the senses and the balls. Elements, a team of Kiowa enemies, a shopper's scruple? Donald Pleasance plays here, giving one of his most ridiculous performances, and is that saying? and in the tradition of several romantic comedies in the western west, with each other. <br /> <br /> When they learn their disadvantages, the contrary is inevitable ?? and before? to attract each other and finally get it? Gant has injured a bullet recently treated while it is cleared by leg? Certainly, fifteen-mile radio stations, lions of the mountain, or who knows what was going to happen to him, was the only cave in the explosion, about Cheyenne, that he could really get something. Apartment (I'll go there, I think about New York real estate terms again). <br /> <br /> Because their love can be excluded from the rock, Crest leaves Gant and goes to the fortune that he is only responsible for himself who does not pay a couple of men. rescue gant; The regiment is available to all the available workers to launch an immediate Cheyenne town, and once the Ridge winds up, it will come out of its terrifying adventurous riders and something will come directly to Cheyenne. <br /> <br /> The next event is the movie that has won its wickedness; Sand Creek Massacre in 1864 became a rich wealth of the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864, rape, torture, and racial violence, called "keeping the country clean", torture and sarkist. and after releasing almost forty years, this sequence is still confused and nauseated by cruelty. The oppressed children would crush the horses that were loaded or incorporated into bayonets. nice effect, must I accept? After stealing and pawed women with slave-slave groups, then raped and boy? In an example that is really ill, a nude woman is struggling, so she decides to cut her breasts so badly, before letting her start a chronicle of a terrific act before starting the camera? And eight of the innocent people are shot and disintegrated, some of them are covered with spikes and they talk about victorious celebrations, as wicked reminders or mischievous reminders. It's not a joke, this scene would soon be released if the NC-17 grade was posted today, American nations interest groups could boost rioting on the streets about very exploitative ways of cruelty. <br /> <br /> I am in favor of western peoples who are not far from honest portraits, or if I steal the truth, but they do not understand what the movie means; For a minute, the treatment of the locals is a completely unfocused (yes, DUH!), Then a fierce struggle between genres, Crestas proves five times at Gres. And he manages the hot party with his stingy poncho (not undies), but when everything goes out of the window, Donald Pleasance shows up with a hilarious, hilarious, apparent couple, and how our heroes have to know how to escape his deadly clutter from a plot nowhere and This is all the apocalyptic peak mentioned above. One of these patches would welcome a coherent film, but the final result woke up in the last ten minutes of great fear for everyone who deserves the promotion of the movie and poster posters. <br /> <br /> But trying to put all audiences into every thing, SOLDIER BLUE Mulligan is incoherent and predictable, a well-regarded political correctness, but they would tell the story of the sand. Creek Massacre, would it not have been a good idea to have Indian characters that played as a Murphy Brown? We know a lot about what people swear, as well as watching the wildest film of the film, which seems to be boring. As far as I am concerned, if you are aware of almost endless praise from suggestive and provocative reviews, they told me that they were "daring to tell", take my word and let SOLDADU BLUs gradually disappear into cinematic darkness.
