Although I did not expect what this movie was about, I'm sure I would not think about it, something really came to mind. When I heard her existence, I knew I had to have a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. unfortunately, I could not find a copy based on its alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I will lose the situation I missed. On the one hand, I still do not know the owner of Please Do not Eat The Babies, and on the other, Island Fury would reveal, in the end, that it is horrible, useless, boring. It's a garbage. Yes, it's definitely lost. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure where the genre goes. At the beginning of the 80s, flashbacks could not be longer with a flashback. First and foremost, two girls are following two nasty boys. Once trapped, they'll bring us down a little girl, a little girl has a coin in her neck, and, in some way, I know, these bad guys know a lot more of these coins on the island hidden somewhere. And that's when weird things start to get, somehow, these guys know a trip to an island that girls arrived a year before, when they were just 10 years old. I think that assumes that the girl needs to know exactly what the alleged treasure is. is there So now, we are in the past, while girls try to recover their steps, they will not die to these bad guys, although I would not have had any desire. In the flashback, 10-year-old parties face their sisters and sisters, boy friends, travel by boat, eventually an island that stops the air mixes with children and grandparents. The reasons for any reason or reason that may continue, but the flashback is definitely better than today, but still does not say much. <br /> <br /> I had a bit forgotten about that, a original story, at one time, I thought the director had also, and when the flashback was over, that would be at the end, which could work for me half an hour one less would be considered. Any significant movie within a movie does end up, and real things happen, but it's a fool. I think I did not swallow, or something like that, I was expecting a movie full of children, but I was expecting some extravagant B entertainment, especially because the story was simply confusing and inept, not sure of its genre. My advice would find something worthwhile to attack from horror attacks. If anyone has this, I'd have to collect all serious B-movie collectors, that could be of no interest in brain damage. He really does not know yet why I called him Please Do not Eat. 3/10
