It seems that a book's movie is nonsensical and incomprehensible, the cause can always be found in the book: starting or making sense does not lead to the movie, or lost the movie. The most common and easiest results will happen, especially when the point is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has one point; Every reader of the book had to feel, and felt it as he did; But I think most people can not say a word. I am not sure, myself, but maybe it's about it, or something like that: things come, things go like life, but we keep going; or, in any case, some of us - people like Morvern - do it. Certainly, the more erudite critic can build a better definition. The most important thing is that there is a point - it is possible that the sum of the whole story is the main thing that is to adapt the story to cinema and carry it out. The creator of this movie, of course, did not miss out on it, and did not represent itself; so the movie is nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of the book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book was something I was careful: when I read I found a bloody trick, and I found the author's chance to kick pants and work. Narrative Morancourt is supposed to be the work of semi-educator, but this enthusiasm dissipates a dozen different types of literary effects, as if the author plunged his feather; There are differences in style and tone, as if different parts at different times had been compounded; and the effects that I had with Morvern had to be temporary, the author had no specific implications, which did not: because, for example, Morand's self-characterization, as a wicked one, is wrong at the end of his life, A Scottish girl and music downloads are not so different from past generations? In any case, despite the author's accidents, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I can not figure out was something of the attitude of his character, the angle of the world, as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is a person who finds situations that are both comical and at the same time horrible; He invites them occasionally, but often gives them lands in the form of flies; therefore, the most important aspect of his life is evil but elegant, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical, which does not describe it separately. enough Complex answers to events and Morvern are the essence of the book, and its achievements, by explaining an indirect section of existence, would be difficult to clarify; For all the likes of the book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> The newly mentioned Morvern is not the film Morvern; or, as the case may be, most are kept on the screen. An actor who could be a good character, if he had a correct age at the right time, is the old television series "Poldark" by Angharad Rees. Samantha Morton, therefore, looks like a good question: the actress herself is nothing but herself, and in one of her first films, "Jesus' Son", she played a young girl, with a few adjustments she could turn it into. Unfortunately, as the movie appears, he does not play the character of the book. On the one hand, if the book is dramatized, the monologue for the main character cries out to the audience; Without his comment, his vision, his voice, the story loses its greatest significance. He has lost most of the adapters from his comic books and removed them from stunning elements: memorable events on the book diminish, before becoming a grotty, and so Morvern's responses (depending on amusement or unpleasant mood). It's missing, and the incidents no longer have any reason in the story. In short, the filmmaker has chosen for some reason a beautiful novels, comic novels, into a well-known television movie, and his typical image chose a Miss Morton with an artistically-off melancholy; Morvern's outings were said to be a cruise resort route. This is not what book books or books are. On the other hand, the film Morvern is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she had no time to study accent) and should be: it is important for her family and her friends. it's the only place. And finally, the movie is missing out on the story: Morvern spends everything and returns to the terrible darkness home: the winter is, the dam is frozen, the power is gone and the pub is dark. At least this one, and all the others, is a movie that has failed, a deadly movie, a matter that refuses to give up his power, refusing to always die.
