This show is an excellent example of how CBC can follow news, sports or a satirical sketch comedy. As a state-of-the-art comedian, CBC has combined the "King of Kensington" buzz with "The Beachcombers". The great spectacle of "Kids in the hall" and "Second City" is that they should share their roots with comic production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not. Give this show a lot of options since I first heard his concept. First of all, half of the concept is a straightforward attempt to rip out one of the most successful sitcoms called "Corner Gas" in English and Canadian history. The rest of the concept - the inter-cultural collision - is not original and often the crutch is used for screen laziness writing. The selection of Muslim religion as a "character outside of the fish" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "nasty" and "topical", but it does. Some of the jokes based on the reaction to the people of that place are affected, and they completely insult those who are involved, especially audiences. <br /> <br /> This show is an excellent example of what CBC does. You will not get "Canada" when you create Canadian content, especially when Canada is presented as a multicultural environment. Canadian cultural diversity is not necessarily so heavy and compelling. It would be a refreshing change to see CBC's presence in the television show of diversity without making a show of this diversity. Certainly CBC does not have the talented sitcom to get something so subtle. However, it can be compared with how Corner Gas's diversity is represented. The original nature is not distinguished in its ethnicity, nor is it their heritage to create stories. More realistically, their lives and other people unite each other with this ethnic group becoming more important than any other personal character. <br /> <br /> That said, fish-out-out as a formula. water comedy show fails. The play is poor, the comic book that goes across the map, and the storytelling I've seen far beyond the belief breaks, and even for comedy. Derek McGrath is full of talent. I doubt the increase of guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) to save the dog. I decided to give the show a chance after the death of CBC 'hype'; But I stood in two episodes - I almost felt my braincells down each other in their punchline. It would be a better time off for Coronation Street, Air Farce to run again or Dr. Who gives it Public opinion would also be an improvement.
