With Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter you would think that this film would be much better. Unfortunately, some of the characters in the movie seem to be incredibly difficult for incredible characters, as well as some problems that some characters give too much to the brain. <br /> <br /> The film Ingrid Bergman begins with Stoddard's family work. Everything is very peachy and waves - the family adore Bergman and things could not be perfect. Well, until his mother dies (Fay Wray), the stock market falls in 1907 (it eliminates family money) and Bergman has to return to France. This part of the film is somewhat sweet, but not bad. Later, after improving family assets, Bergman returns. The four boys have grown up now and it is not really unthinkable why they would hire them again as an institute. But, briefly, everything waves again. But when World War I happens, they go to four warfare -! In the middle, a son of David leads his new wife (Susan Hayward) home. Miss Hayward's character is as white and white as the others, although all are well-cramped and, of course, the devil is the horny one. To make matters worse, he lives in the family home while David is in war. <br /> <br /> Now, this is where the movie really really dumb - in a stupid fool. Hayward begins a relationship with David's brothers, but when his father sees a silhouette of lovers, Bergman will enter the entrance to the room, which is why Jack does not come with Hayward! Why ?! Why should any person hang on a woman, of course, to save the evil and the convincing? This was an excuse for ever-lasting Bergman's excuse. This is just the case with malicious writing and I was mad ... and probably in 1941 the viewers did the same. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film failed because of the lack of choice after he failed in Hayward. the wickedness to endure This flies against ordinary sense and the movie is melodramatic mess. Hopefully, however, the truth is coming to an end and everyone waves up again --- happy to have a wonderful loving family, not just slut, Hayward. <br /> <br /> The movies are bad and bad. Hayward's relationship did not make sense, at least how they handled it. And being so good or evil characters (among nothing) gets this movie to the level of a second soap. It's the only thing that saves you from acting; They tried as well as they could with a solid script. Let's just say that the writers of Columbia Pictures who made this movie had to give them a dead chicken!
