The film reads a quiet Japanese set of a traditional Japanese house, with a roof on the side of a small hill and reads "KYHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840" on the screen. A young Japanese woman named Samurai Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) makes her way home. He waits for Otami (Mako Hattori) and Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki Toshiyuki Sasaki) is behind her husband. be the teacher of Masanori. Shugo will unexpectedly get home as his wife and student are closely linked. He was angry with Samurai's honor to kill Otami and Masanori before suicide. After more than a century, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan with his wife Laura (Susan George) and his young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett) on holiday. Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), a friend of mine, works for the United States consulate and allows them to stop, to find a place to sleep, you do not need me there! He's jokingly saying so cheap that Ted and Laura laugh, of course, because they do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the movie enters as a movie. Light is only activated and turned off, Laura has a stunning place and warns local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) to make it too late to leave too late to leave too late. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were permanently damned as part of the houses' walls, as a curse of a Majya witch (Tsuya Olajima). But a road can ruin their suit, unfortunately in the case of the Fletcher family, their marriage, their daughter, and possibly their lives would also cost. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor. I thought the movie was pretty. If you do not want to see it anymore, if you have not done anything better, but after a day or two, you would forget it completely. There is nothing in the memory that is especially bad, but on the other hand, the movie is not particularly good. James Hardiman's novel Robert Suhosky's script is somewhat sharp and sharp; Ghostly films take place in the film, but it's not very interesting, exciting and flat characters. The direction does not help things. Amiko and his babysitter, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda), there are some strange sequels like plastic crabs. Zen and Zen Monk house house exorcism and ghosts can not go back in, but that's just Ted just popping up and just walking back to some exorcism! Another thing, I think Doug McClure was thinking it was a bad idea at the age of 47, he did with Kung-Fu and the eastern sword! George gets his large breasts twice with McClure with a very serious sex scene, although large mines and bedding also have to stick a super-glue stick to ensure that there was no bare waist. Apart from the steps beyond the screen, there is no blood, gore or violence. Mummy transparent effects are good, but they will not surprise many people these days. It is professionally enough and quite enjoyable, but the potential of Japanese and mythical potential in any country, America, England or any other country, would be set to be set in any country in America, England or Western. Deletion of time well.
