At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and read a few times, but do not worry. The "Geisha souvenir" you bought is NOT. It's just a movie that is more than elegant and elegant. However, opening is one of the best things about the best film, showing in 1840 that the master samurai sword makes his wife adulterate. He has recaptured two lovers before making some hoaxes (by ritual suicide due to imbalance). Until today, the Japanese ambassador of the United States welcomes a friendly family, and the murder of those who had taken place half-past half a century ago. Since then, this is a seemingly routine house that is a mistake, but it still remains obsolete and not a fake script remains extraordinary. Start with good parties, Japan's original place and a delicious Susan George, a horror horror scene (well, with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad part is simply an incoherent script, which suggests that there is no solution beyond that of unforeseen imbalances. The unstoppable spirits of the house soon begin to penetrate into the body of new tenants and say their divine things and say it. She especially enjoys an adulterated massacre of women, so she slaps Susan's boots and turns herself into a seductive character! In the state of "Empowered", he also encourages the United States's ambassador outdoors to become a sex in the garden of the most important guests of a high society dinner. So strictly speaking, it is not really "wicked" living in the house; They are just dummy ghosts with dirty mistakes, and for long periods of time in your books, your hands get dirty! Of course, these scenes are more comical than scary, especially light blue and transparent shapes, later recalling the ghostly "Ghostbusters" cute ghost effects. "The home where the wrong housing" is probably the most horrifying ghost ever. In most of the time, director Kevin Connor ("Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave" made great horror films) wanted to make his movie a fun and more advanced one. maybe as "Motel Hell". Once again, all of the people continue to speak with a straight and sincere line, so everything is supposed to take everything seriously and get disturbed. "The home of evil housing" is never a suspect or a distant exciting one, and it does not start with the massacre of the first massive images. I know what kind of hope he has, but Susan George's two topless sets are the only ones that stand out. Well, these and maybe cheesy and ridiculously sized spiders (or crabs?) In the Daughter's bedroom. What is so brave and irrelevant? Despite the bad news, if you decide on this movie, make sure you leave your sense and reasoning. <br /> <br /> Curiosities warned horror fans: open an eye was a mask of the devil, landscape landscape piece Onibaba, a classic Japanese horror classic.
