Oh dear sir, how was the fragment of the film in the ground accepted by anyone? The cheese arrives from the beginning to the end, but it is not a good cheese. The most delicious cheese is moldy and unpleasant, and I can not believe that someone really liked it. Yes, if you've loaded with drunks and crushed friends, it might be a bit funny in a sad way, but the only piece of entertainment for the rest of the people is that they're having trouble killing popcorn and insults. from each other and on the screen. I saw a little laughing with a boy, waiting for a movie that could swear I had some beer on my training. We got shame (lots), but it's not laughter. No such film is bad. It's bad Very, very bad. That's why (look away if it's a spoilerphobic): A guy with a guy starting a movie is dying. Okay, a few minutes it was too late, so I do not know why it happened, but I think "this guy wants you to mix a bit of evil with the simplest scene." Oh, and a man has a witness. So, if we already have our nasty ultra-evil, and wussy but good (apparently) good boy. Cue Hero. Big Sam plays the scene in the usual way, it saves a good man with the usual way of making bad films, that is, Hero's bullets are infected, and others prefer it. Cue the foreground hole. How could he know where this Samy guy is from hell or where he was murdering? Perhaps this, and I explained the answers to all my questions about my line in the first two minutes I entered the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, here I will be left to shake holes in the plot to make something like a Swiss cheese (we all know what good cheese is). So, 'plot' (a very generous word for use). The good man needs to go to the LA, when the evil guy did not prefer, Hero Sam is between both. Cue landscape next to vomit-inducing hours - passenger plane. As I said, I was not drunk in excesses, I will leave. Passenger's plane. Then, the essential component that is left out of this curious movie that was missing so far is what it is. Snakes Yes! Oh, stop. First, we have an introduction about all the mandatory characters required by a lame person. A hot and in-built couple (see how you can die), dead-before-any-snakes-it's even more apparent to the British (British, eh?), A pretty boy, and Jo Brand. All Americans are English comics due to their size and uncomfortable sensibility. Now when we have met one, let's see who all die (of course, small children). Do not expect the original, the snake bites are just in different parts of the body and increasingly ridiculous. Use your imagination, of course, what the filmmakers did not use. <br /> <br /> So, the biggest part of this film has been collected, so it is the ultimate supporter. In anticipation, everything is as happy as the plane, so that all eyes begin to absorb your face. Yes, including sammy ice cream. But wait, we're not on the plane yet! The last guy to leave is a good man, but unlike a snake (who has guessed you), he gets all the stuff. Clearly, that was all the time hidden by Mr. Jackson's lord, because somehow, the old hero had previously faced the tricks of air pressure, despite being a 200-meter constrictor (who ate British crunchy). So Sam fights and enters a snake. At this time, I asked him to make the movie a must-have return, and he revealed that all the heroes were really treacherous. But no. In a cake-like style of ice cream (but remembering cheese), it is evident that the top-of-the-line bullet was a vest of the forearm. Whoever can imagine that the audience ten years ago did not leave in 2006, who would be surprised by their intelligence, but it was a good idea to summarize the movie. <br /> <br /> Actually, we're not quite sure yet. Once everyone sucks his face (Uncle Sam, the main actor, with Tiffany, the guy with black and the warm heart of the necrophilic heart), it's time to get a good boy and hero. ... Bali! No, it was not exciting, there were signs of exclamation in my place to see my credits. Yes, the latest filming of the film is a surfing event for the celebration, a message to convey a message about a male link and a chance for any movie that enjoyed a moment. That's it. The first time I published a film review, but I felt so strongly that someone had to speak against this film affair. If you would like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, air hostesses, badgers, surfing, dog bags or in English, please do not miss this movie. He will infect your opinion about all the above so far, you will never want to contact them anymore. See page 93. That was good.
