The more you study this film, the worse it will be. First, why motivating speaker? The piece was just stupid. I mean, why would it be a motivational speaker trying to control megalomania world? Alexander Stone is really disorganized? First, he can not decide what to do to control the world, so the idea looks at the Bible. Many of these ideas, I can add, have no reliability (for example, "Ismael and Isaac are afraid of") might have happened. The symbols were burnt during Krystalnacht. and these mosques were very Baghdad or something raised mosques.) And Gillen Lane's family! They did not have to give some family values, and water their eyes! I can add that Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is just thirty years old (or that I had an impression) and a ten-year-old child. Yes, there are TBN family values. Also, why should this film be as damn as a propaganda? I will repeat what the previous reviewer will say. Indiana Jones films are used as a mythology of Christian mythology, and we manipulate them well, so we are poisoned. This movie does not do that. Beginning with the beginning, Michael Ironsides plays a priest with a priest who kills him, and steals his dead Omega code. In front of two men facing two knees, the two prophets said: "Tell your master here we are!" Dominic (Ironsides) replied "It already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. This part began to increase my spine. If it only had one scene, I would love this movie. I'll give credit to Michael York: he works for his character, like Michael Ironsides. But the good thing is horrible. I have already followed about Lane's family <br /> <br />. When I am more than active, I will draw it. This is, of course, the Baptist's movie, depicted as the gift of our beloved Pope of the Vatican. I had the most credible and subtle way of mastering the world in the plot, like the sequence of actions, was exciting and well made. Similarly, it is a new diatribe against the Vatican, since their leaders dogmatically strike, Gillen explains to the Pope that there is no end to the world, but the beginning of another. From the World Union, who used the Omega Code to control the world. Anyone who was not sequenced would send and kill commands. This is about knowing how to kill the American KGB president and "We'll just talk to you!". Come on! I have seen and monitored the bombings of the Israeli-directed scenes. In short.
