I never saw the "Crocodile Hunter" difficult, but occasionally I saw a passage or episode, and when Steve Irwin's death in 2006 broke out in 2006, he was strangely focused. This movie, along with Steve and his wife Terri, played himself, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but I did not know it until a few years later, and then I had a bit of it. to see it around. Well, I've seen now, and after seeing it (more than once), and considering its rating, I was not surprised that some were unthinkable, although it was a better BIT. It seems to be a comedy, so an important problem is not very funny. <br /> <br /> The US satellite lighthouses fall from a space and fall into Australian lands. crocodile swallowed! Steve and Terri Irwin are in charge of taking out this crocodile from a madman owned by mad mad Drewitt, and they do not know what's inside, the CIA sends two agents to Australia to recover the lighthouses. ! The agents help Jo Buckley, and the owner of the ranch and his dog may have difficulty with difficulties! In the role of Steve and Terri, they face other types of dangerous fauna, not crocodile alone, and Croc does not have any trace inside, if Steve CIA sees the authorities, it drives failures! <br /> <br /> I did not laugh at this when I was watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was to relieve one of the CIA agents using a great serpent Steve Irwin. In addition, I do not think I found anything fun either. Also, there is a mere confusion, changing from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and clips like "Crocodile Hunter" and a thriller action (or something similar). This mix has also been added to the scenes from the ranch, which seem to be somewhere else, and that, as Magda Szubanskik, Brozzie Drewitt supposes, it is not. Sometimes, we will see its parting, so we have a fart joke, a modern comic theme! Did they deal hard? I have also found the usual scenes of "Crocodile hunters", fighting with Steve crocodiles and other dangerous creatures and talking about the audience, to be boring, but I think I did not have a hobby for the show. . <br /> <br /> Many have admired Steve Irwin as conservative and unfortunately he's lost, but there are also people who are confused with nature and who would come. You do not know where you are, "Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-developed movie. I'm sure Steve Irwin is a great fan, but you're not sure that you'd like this movie, because some fans are not surprised. Actually, it seems some of them, I think, is worse than that movie, and maybe it will not help me. As I said, there is no guarantee. As Steve Irwin and his show may be, this movie was not necessary. The "Crocodile Hunter" usually misses a fiction story, unfortunately, and an audience seems to be ninety minutes longer!
