At first this film was awesome! Why was not it bad? If they are not naked women, as well as the need for a decent plastic surgeon, the specialist of a dentist and the hands-free Colgat whiteness !! Then the station is a "crazy" petrol station, who is not so absurd, but more "I do not know how much I will play, so I'll be looking at it and pretending to be as stupid as I can. I cite Robotic tones in the woods." The nymphs that need to heal gingivitis have returned naked ... apparently, untouched ... and this is because of the open space ... they can cause the red redhead that appears in the neck. I thought it was a piece of meat that is missing, but I think it looks like it can with some TCP. Then Sophie Holland is allied, I've never seen a play, but I'm more "I am, if I did not play anybody else and I do not want to do that. I'm not, and I'm the worst cow in the planet, I'm sarcastic, small and stuff If I can not get it, I will suck my way! ", type of person ... reminds me of the girl's attitude. I do not believe that camera angels angry with Blair Witch, or what little budget film was actually Judd hacking 'locked' at the door before it was really open. on the other side !! This movie is absolutely ridiculous! If it were a crash, it could have been successful ... but, like a horror movie, it's just that! I can not describe everything that was in this movie while remaining in the room! Although it was very entertaining, when Andrew Saving opened his ears, while Tom Savini's character was hiding behind the table under the table, it was best to see it straight on his visual line. It was even more fun when you thought that these two were going to escape from the divine tractors, as we all know, you think you are a hated vehicle behind you, because that god is very slow. So, is not it surprising not to get out? And how many people know the slice that you can open your wrist and then stroll through for a few hours as if nothing had happened! It's not pain, weakening blood loss, nothing! But the senseless thing is that, suddenly (and I mean literally) YEAR is later and Molly is still in the woods after escaping the nymphs, and then, now, Shaun Hutson ... chooses ... of course. Without a line to promote his books! (However, it's one of my writers), but suddenly, and how and why ... it's not about itself and why ... it's nasty when it's true that Hutson is angry at his death, and then he's cut off from the beginning. Suddenly walking through the woods with a petrol station, even though its "fascination" has not caused anybody why it could not give reason for this adventure ... Nimpha jokes around each other instead of having fun. ... and here the movie ends ... finally! My conclusion ... if you have not guessed it ... absolute garbage! There was no proper thought, he had to shoot at the camera ... and that's why he thought 99% of the cast! The correct director, actor, and budget can be honest behind it. But, again, low-budget English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the shame of the country and the English film industry! (And I'm English, so I'm allowed to say so)! In fact, it's only a decent and exciting part of the movie in 15-20 minutes, when we see it from day to day in field fields. All of this was what I thought "Jesus Christ in heaven why you allowed me to do this, the emblems of its absolute cow !!" But I can not shut down a movie, unfortunately seeing it. Then I had to watch Dusk Til Dawn, remembering Tom Savini well acting! For 0/10, believe me what I would choose, so the movie is not worth the point! <br /> <br /> But that's my opinion, see and decide for yourself.
