Forest of the Damned started five companions early, with brother and brother Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) along with Judd (Daniel MacLagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), leaving for a week . long holidays "in the middle of nothing", I do not say my words. In any case, before knowing deeply in a forest, the woman Emilio (Frances Da Costa) goes wrong, a van who gives a badly injured person and adds difficulty to her problems will not start ... she can not get a signal on mobile phones. They need to quickly find help to find Molly and Judd hoping to find a home, when time goes by when darkness begins to fall, it is clear that they are not alone and hidden in the woods ... <br /> <br /> Written by Johannes Roberts He directed this English production and other reviews and reviews here both on IMDb and on the Internet. No, he personally did not do much. The script goes into Roberts, but here, on IMDb, Joseph London lists "add-on material for scriptwriting", which is, in any case, a type of basic wood type slasher, such as the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) . Victims are prevented but uses interesting angels that have fallen due to the reasons why they are not happy to go through the woods and why they do not get bored. Then, Stephen, the head of the fantastic Tom Savini, justifies what he never does. Are there angels to get victims? If so, why did he kill Andrew himself? The story is very loose, it's never felt like a movie. The character is inadequate, the interview is not much better and it is difficult to keep up with or ignore any meaningful story. When I said that the rhythm of the movement is moving, here is a couple of decent scenes. <br /> <br /> The director of Johannes does nothing special, it does not look very elegant or a flash film. There are some horror scenes and Tom Savini's character is excellent on the screen (even though he did not hear Judd break the door with an ax to run away with Molly?) And it's shameful to get killed. There are two scenes of theater, somebody has burned his head, he is shaky, someone smokes a shotgun, someone bites to the throat, someone bites his lips and someone is ripped out of the middle. The complete nudity of women is also quite adequate, it does not help much. <br /> <br /> The technically damn forest is okay, it does well, but it's not very special or attractive. This was filmed in England and Wales and was quite curious to see an English setting afraid of a very American issue. The play is generally quite weak, which is better than Savini. Shaun Hutson's horror writer has an annoying voice at the end and proves that he has to play better than writing. <br /> <br /> Loving forests were a pretty horror movie, maybe maybe fans might be out there. I'm missing something, but I do not like the movie. In addition to one or two good moments, it is not recommended here.
