People believed that the premise of this horrible thriller of supernatural horror was inspired by the last words of a killer real killer (whose name escapes me at the time). While the execution of the electric chair was waiting for him, his soul would revive his life and continue continuing with a continuous jury of murder. It is not an original idea to cross a horror film, by the way. Other low-budget Indians set the same premise, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". However, "The First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a great deal of effort, but excessive handwriting is back to the clichés and a real excitement is missing. The film agrees, the world begins as a series of pure killer murderers, obsessive police officer Lou Diamond Philips seeks a manikin of bloody pentagrams in his victims' boxes. He has received unexpected help from Tracy Griffith from a spirit of spiritual excitement. It takes him to the murderer, but he also does not ask him to execute it, because it would be a catastrophe! Thanks to the helpful tips of Tess, the detective Logan quickly captures the murderer and celebrates the death penalty, but Patrick Channing has made a treaty with Satan and returns to California's rotten streets. "The first power" is quite bad when the killer is reborn as a venerable spirit. The whole world (I would like to do it in his own position) instead of using his new satanic sculpture, Channing prefers playing cat and mouse games with his nemesis copper. He calls it "annoying" Buddy Boy all the time, and he has the bodies of friends and colleagues in Logan to deceive him. Although never boring or misunderstood, the movie is very weak, especially because you already have a feeling of already-vu. Writing and director Robert Resnikoff uses every single non-cheaty song (the murderer has been sexually assaulted by the child) and even easily announces the lines of the players. As soon as Griffith is able to predict the future, you know that the excessive hilarious line that somebody could ever say to the movie "To live, but my life is a mess." Yawn The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is good enough, but it is difficult for hard-copper young "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver". Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump") can also be useful, such as Carmen Argenziano ("Strange Foreigners") and David Gale ("Re-Animator") are horizons of horror horror. film
