Honestly, the concept behind the "Master of Horror" happened. The great horror director that allows industry to turn a horror opportunity back from the beginning. That is, until I saw several episodes ... Oh boy, really bad TV. The director seems not only to direct small bets, but it seems that there are some guidelines, such as HD shooting. To shorten the short story, both artistic and economic reasons are bad. I can not compare to "Crash Tales," and M.O.H. The episodes are not really comparable. TFTC was good, bad MOH; In my opinion, we will explain some of the following: TFTC (about 25 minutes per episode) is less than MOH (50 minutes per pass). I think more dense scripts are supported, if good ideas are more frequent, to get a better view. One section, less opportunity to leave a confusing or boring plot. The duration of the TFTC could be a better estimate for the budget: the director had REAL composers of the movie music (composers do not exist, they are very bad), REAL actors (MOH while the actor is unknown after the unknown actor!), REAL photographer's directors It can also help in real movies (the MOH HD camera was filmed with very poorly chosen lens pieces), and the result of the TFTC episodes seemed "cinematic". In that sense, they were cast by real actors, Michael J. Fox and Tim Roth were cast by Kitty McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but they also featured composing films, Alan Silvestri's series, such as the great photography director, Dean Cundey. High-level scriptwriters, and in that sense, each "Tale" was a true real movie. Compared with the TFTC, the horror approach of "Masters of Horrors" is quite a lama. It is very difficult to look at if cinematography standards are less than average above average, even if it is seen as ugly television, even worse. It quickly gets bored and is even more annoying, usually in the first 10 minutes. The actors are never heard before wannabes (Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and others, but there are also actors of their episodes). The director of the MoH's board was a good one at the beginning, but the worst and worst thing in every section is being achieved: now the managers are also unknown to the world, what is left? Nothing! And it's fun for all of the unknown directors, even though they do not even say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... Even if the "Master of the Horror" can not bring the director to the dead, who will do it? Maybe Tales from the Crypt (Recovery) will be done.
