We have opened the Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), who seems to be universal soldiers of the original universal soldier and his Asian companion down a river. They killed almost two and then waited, it was just an area test. Deveraux is a part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of the Universal Soldier. This is why he wanted to take part (if you know anything about the original), it will never appear and beyond. <br /> <br /> The unmistakable piece of furniture set is the true story. The United States government has cut the budget of the Universal Soldier project and has been annoyed by the process of SETH (a computer with a large artificial mainframe controlling the Universal Soldier). Of course, he's not fighting off. This means that Van Damme needs to get a new breed of universal soldiers. It seems like a fun idea about an action movie and a sequel, but that does not turn out to be stupid. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Military Bill Goldberg has struck. It seems you can not go wrong in an activist movie shooter. It's great, it's hard, right? Wrong Van Damme does not create problems on the ground ... once ... twice ... three times. I missed the point here. Then the glass breaks. Any piece of action is a weird part of the movies, but one involved must have a glass fetish. You need to watch the combat scenes in particular. Let's not let anyone know how to cut or smoke at least. To put an end to the wreck of the cherry tree, SETH (the computer) certifies himself to the human body, when it is bad (Michael Jai White). It will not work, it seems better than a white man who fights with a bad guy. Possible and strict attack. He does not represent Dolph as well. <br /> <br /> Soldier Universal 2 is a sequel. He's loud, he's silent, and he does not care. The original was not poetic, but he created a simple sense of science fiction and he was entertained at a basic level. There is no warp. However, they will last for less than ninety minutes and, as a result, they have found a way to narrow the band's sequence. So give credit for credit.
