When I swore to America on vacation, I first heard about Unisol 2. I did not really realize much until I bought the original DVD, and I found out about three instructions. Then I began reading about the return of IMDB and asked me what my friends thought. Despite his horrific criticism, I went on to watch and I made a purchase until I saw it on the DVD until I saw it. I did not expect much, but I thought theatrical release in the U.S. was half decent, in the end, how often do you see the Van Damme big screen? Well, I could not have prepared for that. I cried so badly. Full waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain this movement as bad. Honestly This is an idiotic movie. No, it's more than idiotic. I can not believe how it was achieved. I can not believe that someone has not killed Mic Rogers. How stupid people can be, first of all, Van Damm really thought of the script and ended the movie. Secondly, Xander Berkley, Terminator 2 and Air Force One reached this film. I can not believe the stupidity of this movie. She takes herself seriously, but she finds herself in a dead state. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc now is human again) - "I want my father," SETH - "So I too." Yes, yes, and one guy tries to close SETH with three big piles - wait - write ON and OFF. It's like theater theater all around. I am sure that the director-general Luc's Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles cartoonist Lucen's reporter girlfriend in April, O'Neil, because she has refused ... because she needs her story. I would like to say, how many clues can it use? Please listen to IMDB users: do not touch the boat. To conclude, Universal Soldier: The Return has no connection with the first movie. In fact, if they are not called UniSols, you should never know. Luc is now human again ... what a hell !? The only place to access the internet is in a stripclub. All the news Uni Sols seem to come out on the street, they do not think it. To see it is just torture, so do it vice versa - do not torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Rome leaves the building and cries out "Oh sh * t".
