OK, I saw the movie to be a bad benchmark, but with this movie, Unisol is the best film at the moment Luc Devereux is an expert technician who is currently working with his partner Maggie. , In an effort to improve and improve the UniSol program to make it more sophisticated, intelligent and lightweight for a new and more powerful soldier. The new Unisols, which are faster and more powerful than the ones before, are thought to be connected to a thought-provoking SETH computer via a computer-aided computer-powered computer with a helicopter. The SETH Universal Soldier program will be closed due to budget cuts, the issue is "in its hands" to protect itself. Those who try to shut their power and release the super-soldier squadron, driven by the Romeo muscles, SETH pays Deveraux spare parts, because it has a secret code that is necessary to deactivate the program that SETERA closes. in a few hours. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes on human form. Luc has to respond with Erin as a great reporter, but Luce has to fight with Radford as a general, who wants to take SETHrae out. Mrs. Hillary, a 13-year-old daughter of Seth, has also kidnapped her and hostage her. Luck is the only person capable of saving Hillary, because Luce knows directly how UniSol thinks, feels and fights. Now there's a problem like any movie in the same way, the journalist who had found the curious thing that anyone found, and the soldiers can be equalized with a truck, Vanne Damme dies with a gun and then die. and the last fight scene was incredible Luc now is man and 5 times stronger than any other Unisol, and Luc can be successful. When Luc crossed the last fight, I was surprised that the pieces did not melt and reform (Terminator 2). Another thing that is a bugs for me is how hell Vanne Damme is a good actor to play in the case of relatives Vanne Damme, it's absolutely a science fiction movie about how this is off. Music scores now have to be mentioned. You've ever heard a song, if you prefer a knife on the blackboard and Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good points are that there are no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first one, it's just a nude scene. The first are a lot (I still haunted the scene of No. 1) whose agents have some talents. In the first one, the founding boys were sadistic (if you did not believe me)
