When I was 16 years old, I saw the documentary: "The fun thing that happened on the moon". I really liked it and I believed in a couple of years. But then I grew up and began to think, and when I looked for more information. This is more information from coil sources and non-sources of information. When I started college, I asked him a long time ago about a conspiracy theory about an assistant professor of astronomy. He surprised me to what he said: he told me where these theories are. That was amazed, I did not believe first, but then he presented claims. He dismissed the theory of quick subject: "humans did not go to the moon." By exaggeration, the craft Apollo could not travel on the Van-Allen-radiation belt, losing the crew without radiation. It's true that the Americans use an aluminum alloy secret. Not very popular. And the exact specifications are secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they show it then? If they rush into a space in Russia, it would be a nutshell to reveal the latest technology that the authorities could have against radiation protection. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest evidence of all of them: Moon Stones. When the moon moved to the Apollo missions, they brought many rocks from the moon to geologists and similar scientists, documenting all the moon's things. These rocks and stones, ACCORDING TO ENVIRONMENT. All things: all matters are internal isotopes, including quarry, earth, and above all, planet Earth. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved that they will not come from the earth. The astronauts brought hundreds and hundreds of kilograms to these rocks, and they all proved themselves outside the earth and the planet itself. Ergo: crescent are not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, though it is not a planet, but a satellite to the planet, the moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed throughout laboratories and universities all over the world. It has been proved: humans have gone to the moon - it is true soon. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> But I do not worry: most of the theorists of conspiracy are in general unemployed and in education, that is, why they did not know or lie about these facts. Indeed, it remains: humans walked on the moon.
