On the cover, this film would look at the psychological process called individuation, that is, how truthful it is to be human being, called the dark side of human nature. Thus, Darkling is a devilish classic who is looking for a man looking for a man (ie, recognition) desperately, and the story has many ways to manage the needs more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we do a little deeper, we find this movie as a really good way to relate your car to any other person: - the original scene, the main character (falling from the car's masculine grace), the pieces of the pieces together He has a daughter with car disasters, when the car's disaster almost destroys the girl. Lesson 1: Cars are people who are immortal souls, and theft of car disasters is the same with a major robbery. The criminals must be infected and punished. After that, another person (Rubin) has bought a car and bought a car that has been trying to sell as a reputed auto race, and warns the seller. Lesson 2: Like any other person, the car has a unique personality and can not be changed or replaced. In addition, Rubin sees the hidden quality of what most people like as litter, but in the end Rubin's quality is a personal projection. Lesson 3: You will never only use your car, but always end in itself. - Then the main character is Rubin's scene and, more importantly, Rubin's car: the assessment of the characteristics of the car, the main character does not only rely on external appearance, but also on the engine room with a deep look. Lesson 4: The car does not have to be judged solely by appearance, but it really is within it. For those who do not keep the lesson there is a penalty in the warehouse, another man Rubin tries to sell a false collector in the place we see. Similarly, this scene emphasizes the importance of Lesson 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie 'self = person' theme, and now I'm tired of forbidding them all now, but the point is left (and I think that's what I'm really trying to make this movie fun If you do not do it, do not do anything else or if you're devoted to the car.
