Nearing the Baby Mama stages, she describes one of the main characters in the baseline of what was presented earlier and summarizes that "it was nothing more than a mess"; I can not really say better than that. And although the function has so far a strange ray of hope over and over again, today's majority is too cluttered to be important and excessive to anyone's worth. A cartoon raffle, daily scripts and fuzzy characters assure Baby Mama that he does not pay any taxes, but never comes up with any mood. A strange couple (poor and wealthy) who are trying to prepare a baby around the world, based on strange and common couples, is a strange thing, especially if the movie is more esoteric than outsiders. <br /> <br /> In love with the story as a story, it's not so bad, but it plays like a story to work with the same pair tangent pairs of comedies that play this line, the characterization is very weak, which is why it never bubbles. The two characters themselves, the central figures are slowly and amusingly gathered in a small space, but leaving them alone, their emptiness must be quickly and unraveled; So, finally, we will come across characters that are interactive with each other, the comedy never goes far beyond the irrational smile; We do not feel for the characters and we do not find any special interest, but rather dynamic. Unfortunately, though, this dynamic works well, or at least better than each person, above all, as we have just said, it is rarely the formula for odd pairs outside the usual limits. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful female businesswoman, hired by Angie (Amy Poehler), as she is not expecting her, and after deciding to stop her husband Angie Carl (Dax Shepard), both together They must learn to live, clearly differences. Yes, the strange couple's premise is typical, and this year we've seen what happens in Vegas, but Baby Mama does not already mention the chemistry between interpreters and semi-detached characters. Katek and Angie do not show a great deal of identity outside the two-dimensional drawing, so they forget two performers to produce the quest for their outdoor activities. Indeed, the true real participation and character of the film comes from Romany Malco's talents, which plays a man of the door. Many times I've scattered across Baby Mama, most of these times were for that man, and the rest, usually, fell to Shepard. <br /> <br /> It's a strange thing, of course, to find a movie that depicts one of its embodiments. Throughout the camera, his screenplay and screening of his world, Michael McCullers's director goes from one page to another efficiently enough. However, a movie for babies, about million and a billion dollars in business and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama grades, hammy, is a plastic tinsel capital with a sugar coated capital. So I feel emotionally distant for the characters, because of their dimensional nature, but I did not live to watch the world. Together with the general themes of dialogue, clutter, costumes and script, they paint pastel blues and roses so that all the tones of mankind are so tightened by the director's fantasy. These are not characters and that's not our world in any way? why should I take care of it? At the end of the day, however, the latest measure of the success or failure of a romantic comedy fails the chemist's interest in his love and the frequency of his love. There is little Mum Baby in any of these departments. Of course, the film is unfair to say that there is no value. I am sure that Kate can get a small kick in a similar boat by a female audience, but the other one will surely feel it and be sure to get bored. In this sense, Baby Mama is not overwhelmingly vulnerable, but never thinks it's worthy to look at or be visible to anyone with no immediate audience. A bad comedy and a romantic imbalance, Baby Mama is very clear to be entertaining and interesting. <br /> <br /> - Jamie Robert Ward's review (http://www.invocus.net)
