Last week I watched the movie at the Belgrade Film Festival and I'm still working on trauma. Basically, I think it's similar to others: first half hour fresh, rigorous, deep, entertaining, and hopeful. Welcome too. Natural My problem, however, is not that the last half and a half of the movie has nothing to do with the likes of a beginner, or even the mumble noise of that time. drunk, drunk in pork sausages. I NEVER HAVE SURVIVED YOU! The synopsis of the festival's brochure only showed half an hour (very interesting) - it was apparently in a bar, tune-up piano and meat vendor, advertising agent, genetic engineer and small government administration officer. to mention the continuous gum that will come. The right to read the readings gives me the right not to read, but it might be said, but for my defense, some revisions that I watched post-exercises did not underline the immense and horrible part of the movie. /> <br /> The first suggestion should be the input of the director (a shameless Russian young man and a blonde) who was in front of a broken hearing (it seems that the movies are doing very well critically, and tickets were sold out before the screening, even though most of the audience I did not know how much they would come up, they were immersed in the theater in the middle of the last half, according to the many lies and lies that went out to say: "Well, I ... um, thank you, to see this movie, and I mean ... Well, it's a very long movie ... it took me ... for four years, and ... it's ... trying to forget that I'm suggesting it, it's very long. Thank you for coming. "That's what he said. Alarm bells should be called. - What is it talking about? I thought in a wonderful mess. "This will be fun!" Of course, surprisingly surprising comments to me began to reasonably be too late. I will make all my agony rise until the lights turn on again. And finally, I can not say that I feel the experience somehow improves. Yes, I love half I absolutely love it. The intelligent, new and very much said. Yes, probably, Russia is in a bad state. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, it is probably a life without a lot of waste. Yes yes. I get all this. I really do it. But I can see that art and meaning are so agitated and so unreasonable as earthly reasons. If you want to see movie land in between Hollywood fantasy fine plastic wraps and dirty vodka, try Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). Art is amazing, but also essential and fun.
