I'm starting to think about a conspiracy: those who get money from publishing newspapers and film and magazine publishing columns, that is, that movie, despite the darkness, is paid. The higher status reached with the score, through the "universal admission" or the points that will mark something inside of it. Therefore, untrustworthy people (like me) will go to theaters or rent a bloody thing, wait for a surprise, just find myself. to go to the bathroom upchuck <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. Certainly, any article that I will find is proof that it is made with me, because there are two things that would be obvious: or I did not conceal this message as being impossible to access the inner pages of the movie or I and I saw two other films of the same name. The viewer is a bad trick 4. It is not surprising that it was faster and faster than saying "smorsgabord" and that it was rated by Metacritic, no one heard. Very sugar is great at the top. <br /> <br /> First, there is the four number that arrives from the beginning to the end. I have a little symbolism here and it's fine, and has made many great hits on popular films, shaking it with this movie. At the beginning of the fourth dog film, looking at a blank street that is already empty in the camera, suddenly the machine is placed in the foreground and starts to open the asphalt. A bar in four people, although one of them is not an entity. Three of them are in a different way, but they are nevertheless connected not only to each other, but also to their lives. Although this concept works, the film mixes so much - especially Marina Vovchenko, a model that is very curious and not well into the territory, which gets its initial theme. lost in translation Or maybe, as I said before, "I did not get it." The problem also goes through a lot of time spent by Marina's story (about the death of her sister, mastic masts, not less, and later and mourning), surging interest in surrealists themselves. trace So, what would happen if they had a terrible story telling three strangers exchanged in three bars? The director does not really tie in for a lot of time, or David Lynch, in a way, can tighten the story, cross it past or other dimensions, or even direct science. fiction story The insurmountable wall is a fierce struggle against which a saint (or a strange stranger) may suffer.
