MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those films that is more interesting than the film itself. Chaplin's tenth comedy was the keystone since she started studying, and was the first two rotary. Here, he played one of his most recent outsides (although TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was still long), and he also marked one of the last of his directors. In fact, Chaplin succeeded in obtaining almost a conflict with director and co-operative Mabel Normand. <br /> <br /> Chaplin did not join Henry Lehrman and George Nichols earlier, but according to him. It was the last straw that had to take the direction from an "autobiography" girl. Charlie and Mabel arguably wished to play this movie. Chaplin Keystone was still new and her colleagues did not know what to do, but they all loved Mabel. The producer Mack Sennett was about to shoot Chaplin; Because the subscribers' films were welcomed and the exhibitors discovered that they wanted more ASAP. That's why Chaplin was promised that Mabel wanted to direct this film. <br /> Unfortunately, none of these plays is visible on screen on MABEL, WHEEL, as it seems typical of Keystone chaos. The story is an automatic race to make Mabel's (Harry McCoy) competition, but Charlie's wicked and gifted boyfriend takes him and Mabel has to take his wheel in his place. In all the races around the area, brick rumors and movies are being struck, but there are very few interests. In the race sequence, there are cinematographic and beautiful editions, although there are no gags, even though they are penetrating. Chaplin has a curious look, wearing a goat-like beard, and wearing a hat and bracelet that looks like the first movie, LIVES LIFE, but dresses fit all the clothes. It's at least a novel, so many roles are unknown. The track is on display in the race, such as the Keystone standards Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy's amazing dandified get-up, and the distinctive Mack Sennett, making taboos chimes and making a regular mindless rube routine. As a performer, Sennett was just as subtle as the films he produced, but he should give him the credit of the guy: he knew people liked it. These films were very popular at that time. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL on WHEEL, but he probably had to shoot his hand so he could not kill his stars.
