After seeing many comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction films. There are well-read, very literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know what time it is in the hands of an elegant author. For many years, science fiction has been immersed in the literary basement. My criticism I am considering is not less than stories of ray guns and aliens for teenage predecessors. The current reader believes that this story is well known and we know the great authors of Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, because science fiction came from this basement. In this way, they created thought, spread the long frontiers and redefine human conditions. This well-informed fan criticizes anything that Hollywood is throwing against them. They are not essential for their sake, but look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (Like Hollywood stars should be less stars). The story of these fans must be of great importance to fans. They can not be tricked by the fascinating graphic computer and the stop sequence of action. The emperor does not listen to clothes. <br /> <br /> This second type of science fiction movie learns about the gender aspect. (See many previous comments, "I read the book or anything by the author ...) The full exposure to science fiction in the cinema or the Scifi channel is based on large fields, weak locales and story lines, healthy wiz bang actions and special effects They are ready to deactivate their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never!) The case of survival of the movie, in this case, Robot, is based on the stories of Asimov and, as well as the names of one of his novels, since Asimov wrote and humanity and ours He has tried very hard to tell us what he was trying to say: Robotic creations (I will buy, Robots will be very surprised, this movie is not based on that story!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge holes, some point credibility limit They spread, and I did not point you to the spoon you do not feed. You need to know how to practice thinking and know yourself. Many characters who name names of imoven characters do not have a critical intelligence that distinguishes their stories. The drawing is the same with all the sequences of his actions, which contradicts what the author says. The belief that human beings have trouble with their minds, not their fists, are essential for understanding the future. In short, unlike the name, nothing of their film is little Isaac. They will always be critical (that is, not unthinkable): "The film does not have to be similar to the book, so films sometimes have to make changes." But what happens when the movie tried to stop near the book (or books) from the beginning? What happens if all the written work is titled? This is the question: why slicer job slap in the title of a lot of work vacant piece crap title? Save money and do not buy the rights of works. Title something else. Do not use the character's names. Believe me that no one has blamed plagiarism. Actually, it does not matter what names the unread readers have. But those who read are going to break, those who think, who are not enough to give light to the show. <br /> <br /> I like Robot, about the genre of Hollywood, and science fiction went back into the basement where he lived for years. Hollywood could not do that alone. He needs a critical viewer who thinks he'll be accepting these kindergarten jackets.
