After some web browsing, I found the "Homefront" series on the DVD at ioffer.com. Before I was excited, I picked up a DVD set that was played by an amateur at home TV movie 15 years ago. Resolution and quality is inadequate. As you would expect to record the old image again. Although the ads were published, the final credits of each section had ads on Segway Voice Announcements in the "Nightline" ABC news program with the main news of the 90s. Despite the bad quality of the images, the shows were spectacular and the sound quality was fine. <br /> <br /> The credit of this show was almost perfect casting. Everyone was incredible and really looked at him. Their performance was above the average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is very well played by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in King Kong's 2005 remake). The costumes of the season were real, as well as the theater, especially the kitchens of 1940, with vintage appliances and décor. Direction was creative and different for TV shows. For example, conversations between characters were sometimes cut by conversations about other subjects from different scenes. Conversation conversation was slow, retreating, between the fourth characters and locations. This makes the correct management and editing and in this case they have worked. <br /> <br /> I started to see this series again, suddenly, why I lost interest 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients of a beautiful show, plots and story lines are depressing and from the beginning they are confusing. On the one hand, the name of the show is very misleading. When the Second World War ended in 1945, there was no more fighting, of course, there was no "homefront". Oddly enough, the first episode of the "Homefront" show began in 1945 after the end of the war. This is due to the fact that the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" is being filmed. The premise of the same name of the show is totally lost. I expected the rest of the series to have a retrospective, but not the whole show takes place between 1946 and 1948. Moreover, this series fails to accurately represent the historical events of the late 1940s. . In the third section, it is clear that the series was just a modest vehicle against the left-wing political agent. The exhibition is located in the River Run in Ohio. However, the subject that rationalizes the show is Jackson Mississippi like Jackson Mississippi. A piece of ensemble Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr are portraying Davis family. The biggest part of the series discriminated against the "white families" by the Davis family, as a result of being ridiculous and absurd. The racism card has been played by Hollywood for 40 years now. We get it We're even tired of having a nose every day. The subject of the prosecution is not very liked by the audience, and it is a kiss of death for any show, as it was called "Homefront". Williams, Winston and Macer's acting talents were wasted in a stereotyped "scary black family." The enormous race of this series seems to be that everyone in Ohio is a member of the KKK or something. The problem of racism was aimed at this show in a single nose or a fist fist, where a mustache had a well-deserved upheaval and left it. A great part of this series is dedicated to racism, it is very fast, very fast and completely stupid. <br /> <br /> In yet another hilarious plot, Ken Jenkins is represented by a local factory. As Ebenezer Scrooge, as a character in front of and uprising, he does not mind dropping his staff. The workers rebel and take the factory to the public in a serious message of propaganda in communism. <br /> <br /> Personally, I believe the series has had a great potential. Did writers easily set the timeline in 1941? The title, as a suggestion in 1945, showed difficulties in rationalizing and working for food and gas 14 hours a day. Of course, the loss of foreign children and husbands would also add drama. The situation was a great opportunity to write special guests when the military or USO staff trained throughout their country during their journey across Europe or the Pacific Ocean. Good stories and plots are endless. But no, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) have ignored some of the most interesting or interesting aspects. Instead, they lost sight of the point, and the racist and left-wing obsessions of politics remained unimportant. The actors would be wrong to condemn the whole series, but they were garbage that were plots and situations.
