Yes, Kazaam is one of those films that reminds almost children of films that remind us of the film, as well as with humanity. We are here as Shaq rapping genie - yes, a genius of RAPPING - where he does everything wearing ridiculous outfits for bad puns, all ending with him in a similar pose to Christ in a lot of light. So, yes, really wait a bit of curiosity, including a lot of garbage that does not fall off with the first desire (and, unfortunately, the two main characters, especially the child). It's hardly possible to have a movie that's so noisy with Shaquille O'Neille! The main argument of the film is a boy who plays Frank Capra's grandson (who is angry with his grandson crying out). He is trapped in a boom box. Then, "childhood continues," as the child makes Shaq-genie almost slave to his slave while trying to change his father's absent-minded parents. <br /> <br /> This really would be enough sappy, contrived son and dad story, there are several lines that talked about several million movies (that is, "two options of life" from father to son). Shaquille O'Neill is the reason for the movie (ironically), and the key to everything that is being lost. In his line of action, getting Capra from over-treatment, with the rap inside the conversation, starts a rich recording career. In addition, it launches a great speed and names with the main boys who want to play boom-box. So is the campaign a factor in the movie? At some points, but also, this is what makes the heart feel that does not have any business with any other material. Without a doubt, the people who are making the movie could be asked, Michael Jordan wanted his behavior if he asked for a warning about the richness of a BASKETBALL player. I also hope that it was paid. But I also hope that they will feel the feeling of a minimal guilty feel for the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to be a fun night out in Shaq by genie-activated-rapper-turned-wisecracker, you're more fun. Badly, it might be interesting for Shaq's nightmare, Steel and his other critically acclaimed effort. But if you plan to store some brain cells, be sure to be the worst movie in 1996 and the worst candidate in the 90s.
