This 1996 movie was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre when I ever saw it and when I did that, I was surprised. So, a lot of the novel remained, and I thought William Hurt was terribly confused as Rochester. Since then, I have seen three short adaptations of the novel, '44, 70 and 97 short versions and '73, 83 and three small series in 2006, and I found that there were worse adaptations. and the worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt, this is Jane Eyre's most excellent adaptation to cinematography. The director Franco Zerifferelli has a tremendously beautiful snowfall falling from the winter sky, a jane overlooking a lonely rocky Rochester and a window overlooking the window, but it's not so much a story told and he lives. In addition, his script always draws the covers of the novel by leaving many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not include the humorous part of their conversation. There are short interviews between Rochester and Jane, each of which is beautifully portrayed, but the two words mentioned above are not enough to show the audience that they are drawn from each other. We know that he is in love, but we never see it happen. When Rochester faces a dilemma in front of him, he tells the case that he has left the Mason house, he is absent, and farewell scene, the most important scene - the novel is better than four sentences. Zerifferel does not make scriptwriters replace other scriptwriters with Brontë's excellent lines that do not completely change and rewrite scenes, but the slightest attacks but eventually leave the most important scenes. . What is left is just the appearance of the novel, justifying Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Thoughts are fake: while Fiona Shaw is a great Reed, Anna Paquin's Jane is younger. poorly played, Lolita, lonely girl, pout, love longing for love. Joan Plowright is constantly trusted, Mrs. Fairfaix is ​​very nice, but very cumbersome, and she can not believe that Billie Whitelaw plays a witch of the town, with a pure look, working on Grace Poole. However, the heroine of Charlotte Gainsbourgh is physically the perfect opportunity to play Jane Eyre. At the age of 18, thin and humble, with irregular and strong features, it's closest to Jane's inner perspective than any actor with that role. And in the first 15 minutes of his screen I was delighted to see his performance. Gainsbourgh is well managed to guess the strong inner will of the spectator behind the inner fire and the stoic shell. But, unfortunately, the script never expands Jane's passionate and more intense character. As a result of the many scenes that have been left out of the scenes and their conversations, Jane's Gainsbourgh portrait has to remain inevitable and, in the end, is not happy. It's a pity, it could be as good as scriptwriter Charlotte Gainsbourgh could be as good as Zelah Clarke in '83. <br /> <br /> But it's clear that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane. There is no trace of Rochester in the character portraying William Hurt. Hurt, the actor has shown good actors in this film, he was aware that he was physically and wisely so he tried to play the Rochester novel. His Rochester, blond and blue eyes, is a noble, gentle and full of mouth, shy and calm, a bit curious and curious, but above all good and light. He does not seem surprised, bewilderment, and cheerful, that the lines of these characters are absolutely ridiculous. Additionally, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression asks him to fight against acute bouts of sleep disorder. Especially in the area of ​​the proposal, it moves like a patient that starts from the general anesthetic and can hardly keep the eyes open. If you compare it to his rookie and charming protagonist Rochester, without being full of energy and tempering, it is not surprising that many audiences are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, he asked me less than Rochester in versions 70, 97 and 2006, and in general, this Jane Eyre would be more than three. Hurt, of course, could have been a Rochester novel of the novel, and so he did not try, George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds, and Toby Stephens could think, but they did not work and I would rather. See Rochester who has not played a bad character than Rochester. And I prefer the movie Jane Eyre, leaving many lines of the novel, but has not invented new ones, as today's partners use a modernized interview with Starbucks cafe. Of course, Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it's not bad at all, that is, before adapting to 1997 and 2006. So, I'm not diverting anyone to see this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but you'll find at least a beautiful movie.
