Anyone who was doing this movie, especially the director, thought about the story logic? These are not mere plots, but plots of tombs, which become more and more in the face of the main character and its difficult situation. That is to say, if the viewer is sufficient enough to prevent the majority of the movie from being misleading, the characters are both civil servants in the plot of the grave, as well as boring and unlikely. Or in the case of Downey and Hannah, apparently unnecessary. While thinking about the character of Downey's character, I decided that the director liked his character and that his time was unnecessarily widened on the screen (excitement, because the director did not change the script anymore) that he really needed) or that his character had to change the wrong sacrifice . I'll let you guess what it would be. <br /> <br /> To check the skin of the DVD to verify if there was any credible talents that I had to follow. I can not understand why Robert Altman would take that job. He is sure enough to choose and dispose of it. Actually, I can not understand that something would take this script, except for the first time director who can seek out experiences. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed money for his habit. I think that Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I think Robert Duvall was only given some pages of the script and the insulating paper seemed unexpectedly. These are the only motivations I can see that the actor got roles in this movie. Like Robert Altman, he has made a great effort to be a great movie. I was aware of how she painted the scenes, or I used a shining red orange on another scene to draw the eye movements or create a certain mood for a beautiful filter. I do not usually realize these things in the movies, as I have seen at the end of the day, I like most stories with interesting stories and good reasons. I ended this only, but the ridiculous element of optimism when looking at the cover of the DVD and being convinced that it had to be a factor in recovery in this film due to the talent involved. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I see movies.
