... And you can look at this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it is a mess because of dramatic and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination is not approaching some explicit scenes here. The entire parts of this movie are mere illnesses, fond of, offensive, wild and approaching trips. Now, I love horror movies and I'm very 'pro-activist', but I think something is going to happen! Is it too much to ask? Fear Cradle's thoughts are just a series of sick and twisted. The movie "has four separate chapters, linked to a broad text. This concludes that torture, murder and illnesses are revealed, to find out about the victims in common. He is not very informative, if you ask. And yet, it must be said - the idea of ​​the base plot is probably the potential. The devil was reluctant to avenge him and, unfortunately, and death caused him to a cannibal hypnoticist who faced all those who participated in the trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, that's why I would focus a bit more on creating a movie that's even more enjoyable. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire production of this film was a mess. . They did not have a lot of money and they spent all the fake blood and guts ... Tons !! The plays are a joke and the worst thing I've ever seen. In addition to makeup, it's a fun look at any other special effect (for example, looking for a realistic crash). There is no tension or spin on detection anywhere ... no attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> Fear crash failure and at least the least chance is. Death-metal icon Danni Filth (Cradle of filth ..get the link?) With the presence of the film, this movie is only for teens who want to be controversial. Distressed girls and boys like parents who are worried about what they see. And then people complain that the number of suicide and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you can easily or make an instability. For all horror hobbies, this movie is insulted.
