As I call people who review film hobby, I first say "what do you think about that movie?" There are some problems here. First of all, I probably did not see it and that's why I ruined my reputation. Second, the leakage of this question I have not really noticed. In the end, they could give me DVD so I can judge my opinion. So, I'm sitting in front of "The Convent", and I can not avoid it here. It's more pity, because this terrifying frightening fear is just as dreadful as a kittens box. <br /> <br /> After well-known topics, the "convent" is aimed at American high school students. They had to be surprised at a convent, laid out and scared. But you never guess what will happen? A group of large roofs that take children out of the horror films traditionally outdoors. One of them will survive and more importantly, do not you have to worry about it? <br /> <br /> The only thing that is to end the time of the "Agreement" is that no one really takes this serious series from the curious coolioon gun, with a shut-down police officer. finger It's so much fun to be terribly terrifying - those who make lightning sounds no good, we paint the pieces that appear when you make the zoo of the day - but we're afraid we're dying to tell you that story right away. When someone jumps and dies badly. But despite trying, I still doubt how it would work - "Dummy monikens make-up" that you would see in "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" show on TV shows are not really scary. The most curious thing about this movie is that most voters exceeded the score of more than 10%. I mean, it's funny, but I'm almost never split on my sides. Honestly, I was very entertaining in a dentist. <br /> <br /> The "agreement" is not really a horror movie. Comedy is horror about "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you laugh instead. I can honestly recommend this with the exception of a young man and a crew member, but I would also like to question him a lot. I do not like the genre "so bad" genre. Personally, I think if filmmakers do not want to recover a turkey, then I would not see any punishment. Yes, the movie is bad and yes, they really should go home and do something more constructive. Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers: a reduced price of £ 4.99 and £ 3. But they were selling £ 1 and you owed an account that you owe to all that, cheap, it was very bad. If you want to apologize, the "convent" is really empty.
