I saw a few days ago, so the details are blurring. The film is filmed in the handhelds, and in the beginning it was a lot of work, so we did not have a large number of studio shots. I do not think that being more responsive is more than just thinking about the fact that the audience did not have any big budget quotes regarding what we see on the screen, and it was "real". "But we're here, it's not so bad that it's not getting fuller than the Full Metal Jacket's first semester, so anyone who saw it, or anything else that was dropped out, will know what to expect. <br /> <br /> I had the main problem with stereotypical people, those who were very smooth goats, who sang stern harmony, Ebonics dude, black sneered sergeants, bitter and twisted psychos ... all the situations that could offer the greatest friction and tension all the time Perhaps it was mandatory to emphasize the stupidity and injustice of the situation, that it could be laziness or perhaps the committee was trying to attract the greatest audience, but I did not know it was just annoying. A new thing was a mix of volunteers and authorities (usually all the characters in the situation they would push them), they really only considered the scene between the two main characters. It seems to be the focal point of the plot The main thing is that volunteers get the senses and the senses of skill and self that deserve it, but this is done in an easy and silent way. I had another great mistake that would react to the inevitable conflict that all the characters (except psychos and real soft ones) would react to with the first attack and the threats of violence, in the face of Farrell's narrative. reasonable and diplomatic <br /> <br /> If I needed to find an add-on, it would be a performance of both directors, being powerful and very compelling, given the nature of the shape of the characters, this was not too hard. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz Zeke Tour of Duty came out and my money, whose 4 episodes would be crucial.
