Unless I read the book, I'd say it was a good movie. But I read the book. Who made the story on the screen. There are several changes, it really was not worth the title. Changes of characters, changes in graphics, changing timeline ... <br /> <br /> First and foremost, Henry and researcher? They were not the story. Henryk Mitchen had a bit of character, but Mitch was not a policeman. No, so you've made Roz, help 'sank' his body and use it as a shaker against Zenia Roz. Roz was called a real blackmail, believed that Zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted to flee with her. His son was also doing blackmail, because he was hiding his mother. His son was not even mentioned in the story. I do not think he was his lover, Roz's secretary. Tony and West were not initially together. Zenia was at the university for the first time. The black painted apartment was their idea, Tony went to visit. Zenia and Tony join together, they quickly become friends. Tony tells Western love. He then left Zenia to the west, Tony's cash, then West and Tony joined. In the end, to marry, at some point West tells Zenia a short time in Tony. Only your heart is broken again. Then return Tony. Tony's Tony was a blackmail, and Tony wrote a paper for Zenia. The teacher at the University did not want to leave. I would say Tony was a wonderful character. <br /> <br /> Charis's character was blond, it really does not matter. Zenia did not hurt her head while Augusta was alive. It was not there that Charis had a lover named Billy. Augustus' father, was a sketch of the Vietnam war. In the end, Charis takes care of Zenia for some months due to drug withdrawal. Zenia and Billy have a direct relationship with Charis' nose while they care about both. Then Zenia Billy turns to the government and leaves her with the ferry. Not with August, Charis was with his tho. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was a real name. <br /> <br /> Zenia was not partly cut ... she died or probably pushed (we never really know) from the balcony. and landed on a fountain. She had her almost blood heroin and she probably did not take certain people and did not fall. This time it was also Cancer Cancer. <br /> <br /> He did not show any childhood memories or anything he liked for the readers. The book was rowed with bones. Next, it is made in someone else's perspective. Why you could not write your story in line with what you did. It was quite different, and I'm sure it might be more.
