The majority of the reviews in this film, after seeing it decades ago, would like to add a final, with the bombing of the B-17 with Germany. The film will cut Ospens Werner's Hauptmann (captain) and Wust's film. While helping the assistant to get closer to Hitler's Fuehrer Bunker, they are revised to bunker staff and then cut off the movie between many scenes of the Albin Skoda conference. Adolf Hitler will give him a decent impression on his "Ultimate" officer. Victory "While Werner's character slowly realizes that he is in a world, he shows the image of the bunker population, which is represented by a number of non-Bunker events, which are not the least possible to prevent flooding, and flak to a young member of the unit and his family life. a sub-drill that joins the life-span of a movie that has been given by a German movie about 10 years ago by the WW2 film, has not been introduced, including Goebbels (Willy Krause), a portrait of Hitler's uniform, Eagle-Goebbels wore a national nazi party uniform wearing a swastika arm - the soldier of the "SS" wearing a camouflage from the German army, an iron cross, showing that the boyfriend of the young Hitler was involved in a bunker (outside the yard) and finally Hitler Switzerland is shown as a Belgian rebel weapon in 1922. Most accounts support Walt she was a PPC. The play also seems to be completely accurate with the scene of the drunken dancing scene at the end of the movie, this bit appears as a cabaret skit, with a soldier wounded poisoning (arm on his table) generously speaking to the music. A nurse performs a combination of striptease / belly dance, all in the light of the light ... this is really shameful to see-Werner's captain Wust is an incredible jewel that only achieves Hitler's Hitler Hitler. When Werner's characters began to challenge, when Hitler began to scream in a voice that Hitler's death tells a death-struck man, Werner begins to scream in a screaming SS character with a kidney in the back. -Herner's nature is coming out later when he dies at an exit. While Hitler's end is over, Hitler's greetings to his staff is revealed, but his suicide on the screen, the second film reflects the silence of the pirate funeral of Hitler gradually reflects. the face of the deceased's face Hauptmann Wust: this film is more allegorical than any historical one, and anyone interested in this era will be able to better analyze the latest films, such as "Hitler: the last 10 days" or "review". If the German film "Downfall" (Der Untergang) wants the true account of this dramatic story, the last two films are based on the first-person eye concept "Hitler: in the last 10 days." The autobiography of Gerhard Boldten, as an official employee of Fuehrer Bunker and as a reminder of Hitler's secretary's work, shows that "Der Letzte Akte" has Michael Day's "Day to Day" by Michael Musmanno, which is a collection of such events (much seemingly fantastic), rather than a seemingly historical history - it's amazing that Hugh Trevor Roper's "Hitler's Last Day" story had never entered the movie.
