And I repeat, please, do not miss this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This is the worst and easiest comedy ever made. Most of today's comedies are at least flat and flat, but writers and directors have made at least an effort to make them fun. I've never been tired of repeating a favorite of my kind: everyone thinks they're playing comedy, and just 10 percent are correct. Comedy is hard! This is not any genre that stupid plays. I think the Christians are terrifying that piece of rubbish compared to "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these boos compare their so-called comic talents with the best Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen that Pauly Shore's movie "The Underground Comedy Movie" is more fun than 10. Here's an example of a curious comedy that looks like this movie: a sketch brings a superhero dressed as a D ** kman pen. The joke is that he is defeating his enemies with his son. That's it. That's the whole joke. Wow That's enough for Carrot Top to shoot his eyes. Another sketch involves a man who makes sex with a dead porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a lady's beauty contest. There is a great show of medieval women with bikini dresses with beer and stretch marks. In addition, homeless people are more fun than amusing ones. One step by step is mocking mentally handicapped. The whole movie is satire. I think filmmakers have forgotten the key element of satire ... TRUE! For anyone who has really enjoyed it, explain to me what a truth is! Some sketches could have been a staggering paper, but anyone who has had any type of writing on the screen knows that it's fun on the screen to make it fun not to even be fun on the screen. If I tell somebody about a big black and muscular birch man, someone who saves the right man would probably laugh. Watching the premise given on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate people criticizing such a high-class comedy because they are considered to be pleasing. I recently saw "White Chicks". This is the bottom of the other bad political comedy below, but I laughed head. The offensive film about "The Underground Comedy" is not fun! Writers and directors just do not understand what is dirty and tasteless. It must be more! Think of the famous scene of "There Something About Mary" (ironically, filmmakers are just enough to put Farrelly in their gratitude list). The jokes about the son were not very funny because it caused fluid in the body. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to ensure that the "gun loaded" did not go on a date. Then he looked around to see where he was releasing his son. It is a door knock and must respond. Her date, Mary, is at the door, which shows that her son hangs on Ben's ear. In this movie, there are gag-varied characters with characters that fit their children, without any consent. As Jay Leno always says, "this comedy is not so easy, right?" Note that, Vince Offer, you were not cut for that genre! The only reason for laughing people is that it's just because it wants to infect hip. Let's see, nowadays, that politically wrong is not laughing. I know that comedy is a subjective ... but this film would not be funny to anyone, except the director himself. As a side note, the film had to be done before the glory of Michael Clarke Duncan in "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There is no other reason why a quality actor will perform his performance in this wonderful show of love. All other cast are non-actors, actresses or B-movie stars. Karen Black has been a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think it's worth doing this. Slash was probably drugged into this film. Gina Lee Nolin is not without the "Baywatch". It's the biggest protagonist of Angelyne (Duncan was not so famous at that time), and he probably does not know that many people are good reasons. Usually, I'm protecting low-budget movies, but this is worth to get into the darkness. I hope Lord, this is not a cult classic! Should not such a law separate such a law?
