I've never met a movie made by people who do not know it. I recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. I have seen Dillinger now and I have. <br /> <br /> This movie is rubbish. I do not know how to compare someone who loves well with a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from classical. Someone called it brilliant. That's madness. This movie can not get the right act and I've never seen the worst casting. I do not know what the mutual idea is to throw Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, he does not see anything. Second, when John Dillinger died when he was 31, when Oates was 45 years old! What's more, you can say that Dillinger is older than the real. He was not only old but Ben Johnson was also Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> Baby Face dies at Nelson, then Homer Van Meter and eventually John Dillinger. Both John Dillinger were dead before. The last three months since Baby Face was in Nelson. Writers do not know when they only died, but they do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping from Little Bohemia. Homer Van Meter did not shoot the murderer with a gun. Homer Van Meter was struck by police. In Paul, he slid down with a machine gun. Another member of Harry Pierpont Dillinger has shot the police. Pierpont was not filmed. Harry Pierpont caught and sat in the electric chair. Baby Face Nelson came up with what happened to me in the review of Baby Face Nelson, so I'm not going to join here anymore. Also, Richard Dreyfuss's Baby Face Nelson's portrait is pathetic. A scene where Dillinger attacked and then beat him bad. While Dillinger was playing, he was crying like a child and shouting: "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a little girl. Lester "Baby Face" is called Nelson. He never knew that name. The real name Nelson was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. Dillinger's black escape from prison was Herbert Youngblood, but this movie is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where did John Milius find information? Probably I made a better movie than it did. <br /> <br /> In the end, John Dillinger shows how sharp and irrevocable he is. In the movie, Dillinger's Biography with Mrs. Red and her girlfriend, Billie Frechette, will be on foot. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there that night. She was a girl named Polly Hamilton. Melvin Purvis cried: 'Johnny!' Dillinger throws his gun out and hurts to hell. Dillinger proved that he had no gun at night. The FBI did not give in to give up, and as soon as the sight disappeared. They did not even have to shoot. The powders were found on the face of dust that were so close. He was murdered Also, that night they said that this man was not John Dillinger. After killing civilian civilian incidents in Bohemia, has he imagined that the FBI had killed an innocent man? Dillinger's alleged gun was also shown to not be manufactured after the death of Dillinger. I could not keep up and how the man was killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stay here. For more information, check out here <br /> <br /> See Dillinger version with Lawrence Tierney, but do not waste your time with this bad part of your garbage cycle.
