Verify why Hollywood conventions are doing so. Outdated conversations, undeveloped and flat characters and a mutual story, are just part of the problems faced by a classic gangster. It's been a bold and different effort but this has been an attempt to recreate Magic Penny's Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and George Roy Hill's Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969) songs. filmmakers and movies - but fall under the bar. The problems arising from the explanations of languages ​​will be deduced as a matter of urgency to explain the parts of the problem. The attempt to duplicate the previous classics of the edition is reappeared, but it is decomposed from time to time and creates more problems technically. They throw unnecessary shots to justify filming, but it would be better to watch the viewer sitting on the cutting floor. Stills, black & white montages and period music are occasionally discouraged attempts to replace or re-attempt attempts to either replace different attempts or cover that can not transition or just work on the scene. Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Dramatically short passages, dramatic short scenes, unnecessary landscapes scenery, story tellers who did not need and strangers and assistant actors. They reminded the camera managers at the end of the 1980s - I asked this film about who was in production and post-production. When he played in most of the two planes and in most of the near music, then he suddenly stopped in the flat planes, emphasizing the weak music point. The sound editing was absolutely outstanding, most of the movie guns, doors, steps and interview (which had been used by new directors in the late 60s), but the artwork seemed unexpected. dirt roads My honest opinion is the main problem for all problems because the viewers are "pleasurable" and they do not see the protagonists of the story. Victories and parliaments were not the focus on the heroes I wanted to see, and they did not focus on any "hero", any need to work for me. Penn and Hill's films are known as "heroes." Although we are criminals, we like them and we want to get away. The less I watched this movie was on the screen. John Milius believed John Dillenger's life to be a documentary that was not historically rebuilding about 1933 from July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be a fair, there are moments of good-natured story, moments that are shining brightly and brightly in the canister. John Milius happily succeeds in future films, but it does not seem like "trying to copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a scoundrel, as stars and faces take part in a great spectacle that featured a big "budget quote", but wait instead of buying money instead of renting a classic movie. <br /> <br />
