In the 1950s, those who visited disks in the 60s and 70s saw the movie or two films American International Pictures, which resembled the giant Cannon Films in the 1980s. When the festivals were daring, AIP is there to supply the latest titles. In the 1950s, horror movies were like 'Voodoo Woman' and 'The Undead'. In the 1960s Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello beach comedy and biker movies included "The Glory Stompers"; In the 70's, AIP threw Trash Bat-Strips like "Cannibal Girls" and "Sugar Hill". In 1973 he was called "Dillinger". AIP "Random AIP" is one of the biggest efforts. capture the true spirit of filmmaking; The difference of masses, craftsmanship and rudeness are one of the most disturbing and worst. In general, Dillinger is a unique time: it's a fun and worthy couple of hours, but it's definitely not memorable. Hard action and play was short, John Dillinger was the director of the screenwriter and conductor John Milius ("Magnum Force"), but he undoubtedly improved his career. <br /> <br /> <br /> The 109-minute "Dillinger" period has been interpreted by the award-winning actress Ben Johnson as director of the FBI Midwest director, Melvin Purvis, for AIP. Purvis was bursting out of Kansas City in 1933 after losing four of the FBI agents to support Frank Nash's gangstera. Shortly afterwards, John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly), and the bomber expert experts of Baby Face Nelson, Richard Dreyfuss, gathered men. Dillinger joined Floyd and Nelson with Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips) was linked to a prostitute of French and Indian descent. While in the mid-1933-4 period, 'Dillinger' is basically a bullying movie, with Purvis's sequel, J. Edgar Hoover seeks to kill and kill men. <br /> <br /> He has a sentimental documentary "Dillinger", listing dates and places, while Johnson offers a loose narrative of Purvis. Milius maintains an honest Depresion, using real fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; Also photographed in black and white photography and gangster shootings. The movie is never boring, quick, and daring. The action scene is Dillinger's strength, edited by Fred Feitshans Jr in his latest professional effort. Thousands of white ammunition rounds have been used to make this film, in addition to the kilograms of explosives. This movie is definitely not credible, because it shoots and kills people around the place. Violence, despite being free, understands what the organizational crime threatens America's life. <br /> <br /> This movie does not exceed its operating status, however, because there is no necessary writing. Since John Milius is a bigger filmmaker, he emphasizes too much action. The scenes of action (mostly blood-sided shootings) are spectacular and comparable to any major crime of the time, including 'Bonnie and Clyde' in 1967. But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his gang members; The relationship between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly touching, the couple gets into a bar at a scene and ten minutes later he falls in love with lovers. Melvin Purvis also seems to be out of the story, Milius becomes a prominent figure when this movie is needed before it's clarified. Often, the film shoots "characters" when the characters have been thoroughly examined. <br /> <br /> In addition, the main image crime is ignorant of the historical event. Many say that Dillinger is just a movie, that is, such as making movies and permanent ones. Those who know Gangster say John Dillinger did not kill the last ring, Milius's scripts and documentaries of the film believe us. In fact, Dillinger was killed before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter died; He also told me that he had not killed a gun tonight, nor was Billie Frechette either. Despite the great accuracy that can cause great drama, there is no reason Milius could not miss any incident and wrote a great story about them. Sometimes it seems impossible. Oates is a humor and portrays Dillinger how he consumed the larger images in the American press; However, we never feel the strength he has made during his life. Ben Johnson gives life a bit to Purvis, soft but flat. Michelle Phillips brings emotion to Billie Frechette, and it is very bad that Milius's script does not reveal the relationship with Dillinger. We never learn how to kill cold blood, that is, in addition to the stereotype of a simple girl who is dangerous. They support shortfilms such as Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis shorts and Cloris Leachman, such as great talents. that is, exactly where I received the MGM DVD release for 4.99 dollars. It is presented in the panoramic film (subtitles in French and Spanish). Dillinger's theater trailer has been sold as one single. Mostly forgotten except for fans of gangster movie enthusiasts and enthusiasts, the movie does not really demand much as an additional material. For fans of the genre, it is definitely worth a visit. <br /> <br /> ** out of 4 <br /> <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
