Vercors is a strange and curious film based on the "Ye Shall Know Them", Skullduggery. The release of the critics of the film is really shameless, it is a movie that deals with humanity, and that moral standards and tolerances are correct. But despite his honorable intentions and their tone of good sense, Skullduggery is just a good movie. For me, the main problem is a very unusual story, which can not convey the best way of conveying its message. In the first half of the film, it is like watching Tarzan ilk's jungle movie standard; later a fables of science fable; At the end it has entered the rhythmic melodrama. The differences between each episode of the film are great, overwhelming, to overcome. They play tearfully and remind you that you are watching a confused and ordinary movie. The archaeological expedition made in the jungle of New Guinea is the director of the adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the leading archeologists in the tour is Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark), a PhD scientist. After a difficult journey, they start looking for a tribe of strange monkeys. Old-born people of birth cover their hair and have survived for centuries, without touching or affecting the development of modern man. Do they seem to be ancestors of premature human beings? The evolution of monkeys for humans is "lacking in connection". Or maybe the human race that is just like usual appearance and behavior? Or the race of animals that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call it the "Tropi" tribe and, at the beginning, they are pleased with their discovery. But the destructive thing is that the Vancruysen cyclist (Paul Hubschmid) tries to exploit its idyll in the name of developers. Does the tropes question whether he is "human" and challenges his argument to court, where he expects the legal protection he can continue to pursue his defense plans. <br /> <br /> This film was very early. In Reynolds's career, and this movie is really imbalanced as in a comedy, it takes the rest of the theater very seriously. Is not Reynolds guilty? It is impossible to ask him to play in a charming adventurer who really participates in Tarzan's film. His character and film are not important to each other. Clark is much better in the way of Mrs. Archaeologist, and Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the proudest British actress. The worst problem of Skullduggery is the make-up that Tropi uses to make her hairy looks look pretty. Instead of focusing on actors as a credible hominoid, hair stitches seem confusingly comic. which is not an ideal idea. We need to make sense of this greatness of mind, but it is very hard when they are so convincing. Skullduggery is an empty essay that claims to be a story, philosophical and stimulating. All intentions of honor are seen by all, but the final result is not justice. It might be a fatal mistake, but it may be a failure.
