While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was brilliant, it seemed to me that the movie was much smaller than what I expected from reading the summer line. Perhaps, at a technological age, I am too young: it was a movie, as in 2002, official five years ago - like the epic ghosts, such as Lord of the Rings and star wars like science fiction stars. In general, he could not compare it with other similar lines, such as Dinotopia or Homer The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My cow can basically not bind myself - I'm just the same age. The children (a young adult), and I have not been able to place it at a middle-aged man, the character that is there. But the image was not transferred to another mental plane of existence. I did not say 'ACK! I would do the same! '. It did not open my doors to my imagination. Compared to budget-free movies or other films, there were aspects of solitary function, that is: the development of childhood was more rapidly because of my liking, seeing the excessive teenager of the stereotyped ego. -The image of divorce after divorce, we can become a happy family and never distribute - it feels again, in the long run, to make or break an image. Although the characters themselves can undergo improvement: a stereotype or other typical standard. It was a totally real selfish beauty that was to rebel, Mr. Mr. Athletics, good looks and intelligence. It's a good representation, but a rugged attitude, and finally, we find that today's little brother is so common. While I know the characters I encourage the story while I know it, I think we add more individuality to nuances and special differences if we have a nice movie - and compelling (as a character) - I have to lift my glass for costume and design - that's it and it's worth the end of it. Do not be wrong: all the films deserve to see yourself, and your opinions would never be considered by many, but I think this is a deeper deed, and a bit more (I can not believe it). I say this.) Actually, escaping from Atlantis could be magical.
