When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype and people said that I thought that Denzel was worthy of his Golden Globe, and I thought he had to do a great job, thinking that Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I am sorry to say that people are not afraid of the African American community (if African Americans are not themselves). I always hear the complaints that African Americans have never named and how to win. Sometimes, it's true (as nowadays) that Whoppi Goldberg should win the best actress The Color Purple and win the best picture of the movie. This film was so horrible, for the only reason people see a movie about Africa's difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *), they are very racist over time and automatically label them as masterpieces. br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is a great actress, but this film has not had any effect. I was bored with the movie, and his performance in Malcolm X's role was very similar, but not so good. The viewers think that this man, Rubin Carter, is believing that he is holy. People left the movies that worshiped this hero and took it out and bought the book, became the hero of a wealthy man. <br /> <br /> * BACKGROUND * It tells the story of a man over the past. Most of his life was in prison, especially when he did not commit crimes. Obviously, he was committed to the survival of crimes (especially stealing), nothing more. People were saddened, even though traffic robberies and thieves were the same for the same reasons, but in society they were sensible. In this film, everything tries to portray this man as a saint (except for the apparent infidelity that appeared to him when he met his wife and another man), but why it would not, after all, be the point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) like movies based on "true" stories, because the "true" pieces divert something else, it's not so true. That was his vision and the construction of Hollywood. However, everyone believed that it was true. Well, I investigated his past a bit before making suppositions, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, he still can murder these people. If you do not believe it, search on the Internet, and read what some of the people you have. He won so easily in the boxing match he won, Joey Giardello won for his opponent and proved to be ribbons. In addition, many incidents in this movie are wrong and wrong. On the Earth's face I have never seen the most beautiful people "cast" assistants and they could look like "perfect" characters. <br /> <br /> This film was another version of Hollywood's other misfortune. A true story. Denzel's performance is obsolete, and assistant cast Mickey Mouse's attitudes are annoying. The movie is very slow and very boring.
