I currently have a library in the library and I have not finished seeing it. It's so bad I have credibility. Then Audrey Hepburn lost his talent, although he finished quite well with "Robin and Marian". This is the worst thing about this stupid movie. It's really interesting because it's his latest feature film and his homage to Dorothy Stratten before. <br /> <br /> There is no idiot between Gazzara and his friends. It is the brightest and most palatable shadow of the comic screws that make small and small bows and headscarves. "Breakfast in Tiffany" twenty years before? Sinatra is a very loud and obvious song by the soundtrack of the songs and the title titled Gershwin. You're sure that you have to wait for credits to find out something that came into the music of the movie of the image. to find out what the songs are about to fit you. <br /> <br /> 'Writing it back' means retreating and turning back, I think. In this case, the elegant European lady Audrey Hepburn was formerly an actress and you see someone who has always been a star. He has also lost his talent as a star. Someone who continued to grow talent at that time, like someone like Ann-Margret, would play a role in life, as well as the unbelievable situation of the Mongolian mongolian materials. > Hepburn was a great person, of course, who had never dreamed of the majority of film stars, and was once one of the most beautiful theater actors. After a horrific play, he made a TV back movie with Robert Wagner as Love Love Thieves. 'Everyone laughed' since it was still engineering in the 1950s. The actress that wanted to make the act like Turner was far more ineluctable and, of course, less intelligent than the Hepburn they were much more effective. Turner also acted seriously when it was bad. Hepburn does not take it seriously, it does not worry about it; Her hair and clothes are also apparent. His latest good work is called 'Two for the Road', perhaps his most perfect one, if not the best way. <br /> <br /> This girl who plays this country singer is evil. John Ritter is horrible, it's just not recommended for this film in anything except Dorothy Stratten, which was really nice to see. Otherwise, critic David Thomson's "lost talent" has never been sensible. <br /> <br /> Then Ben Gaza lost his sex appeal and had 2 films with Gaza and Hepburn. - Who can ask for less? Sandra Dee, the last two years later, in the "Lost" labyrinth of films, is nothing more than a low budget. At least Mrs. Dee spoke with her voice; In 1981, the accent of Audrey Hepburn was absurd; He will work with 'Audrey Hepburn with Gardens of the World' at PBS, where his buzzing accent works while walking through English gardens, the aristocrats or the likes of most when they return to flowers! Like in the naturalized ones, but in a real fictional movie, he listens to the horny one. <br /> <br /> Tiffany's 'Breakfast at' is thought to be very poetic as it was one of the most beautiful of Audrey Hepburn. The women of the world, surely, was one of the most beautiful screens of 'My Fair Lady', linking Garbo to Delphine Seyrig's 'Last Year at Marienbad'. And then this! In the film Spielbergen, the final role of the "Hap" of the "Always" angel was nothing more cluttered, crisp, nonsensical, and boring. <br /> <br /> I went to the memory of the fifties. Avenue Presbyterian Church, beautiful service, including boys' choirs, Shaker hymn 'Simple Gifts'. The only thing he did not mention in the program was the sudden release of Hepburn's "Moon River" song in "Breakfast at Tiffany's," which brought a lot of emotion and tears to the congregation. <br /> <br /> Once upon a time it was a great actress ('The Nun's Story') and one of the most beautiful and beautiful movies of the 50s and 60s. That was really bad. That's not all the usual. And perhaps, it's just a great man, such as the performances of the movie to make things vain, however, it must be taken into account that there is no mistake that they want to reveal the incredible spirit, which brings in all its latest film. Most talk about Hepburn blends is 'My Fair Lady'. But what was supposed to be the original actor was Wait Wait Dark, Lee Remick was the star of Broadway. Hepburn was never the most famous, in many ways, a better actress (Hepburn was not able to play everything heavily), Hepburn was at least part of that. Then all his activities went downhill.
