I've heard a lot about this movie, people write that I should have seen, because I am a fan of bloody and bloody films. I carry my hands almost immediately, but one thing or another always keeps me in my eye ... so far. I'd better, though I did not remember. <br /> <br /> This film is cruel. The worst thing is that it could really be much better than it really was. I know that Clive Barker and the story of all, and I have not read the story, but if it does not seem to me, then I would be with myself as rude and totally disappointed. > <br /> The film starts with good enough - the actors convince it, an interesting story. The first scene is bloody, an excellent way to attract your attention. Blood seemed a little bad, but I saw the first scene I expected later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> Blood and effects are so awesome. My mind was almost an insult, for example, someone can knock a person's head on his shoulders, using only a meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (even if I have used any "real" blood? My home looks better than it is used in this film!), Inadequate action to undo (just eyeballs coming out just behind the head; arms; cut neat off-do no one remembers ALL HOOPS throughout our body ?!), too dark scenes (each scene odd in odd colors or hidden in the shadows) ... it's just worse and worse. I made a mistake after mistakes. Too much. Adding that as it might be and it would be a great series killer movie, it's finally a demon / supernatural / monster movie ... thank you! It would have to be kept under the subway like a horrible man to draw people. OK, with a conspiracy theory and a loud photographer. Maybe they kill people and they sell their meat meat? Convenient, doable ... and I think much better than the "real" story. That could be and he had to work. Instead, "they became creatures that live in the old tunnel and they all know about it, but if you do not read the book, well ... you never understand" the fiasco. Tragic, what a great thing you can do to a movie. If you like unclean blood and gore, you love it. But if you have a half brain in your head, you will completely hate it. Stay away, far away.
