I've heard and read a lot of things called "Midnight Meat Train", that is, a short story by Clive Barker and the best adaptation of his work, since he directed "Hellraiser", but so far I only show mixed feelings about my visual experience I can. The most appropriate term to summarize the whole movie is: nauseated! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts horrible horror fans, but it is also free and exploitable. I usually speak, I am very much against violence, but at least I have to serve a specific purpose. Butchering ?? literally ?? It is depicted in the "Midnight Meat Train" section, which visually impairs weak nervous systems, and can easily cause the stomach, and it is even more effective when using digital computer effects. There are more errors, they are much bigger than nonsense, but maybe I should first pay attention to that. The basic concept is undoubtedly a promising and generous nails and rugged ambiences (for example, in the freezer room). Unfortunately, the deviation is very different and the fantastic potential plot is in vain. Supposedly, staging a short story in a feature film is pending irregularities, but I was honestly feeling that I had more to do with it, as well as Vinnie Jones's character. The plot presents Leon, a terrific photographer from New York. This agent looks for a really mighty face of the city through malicious photos. Leon looks for a butcher's shop that looks more and more badly waiting for the night train. Leon is right, because the butcher's series constantly turns his killer into a huge hammer with his elderly victim, but the motivation and behavior of the murderer suggests that railroads at night are much more noticeable. The "Midnight Midnight Train" takes place just like in the slaughterhouses of the night and the subway, as well as the benefits of good performances and truckloads of disturbing images (cadres of flocks of blood removed from blood). But the director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not make the most of it. He leaves the end of many questions unanswered, and although Clive Barker has such names, I think it is still a little clearer. The movie "Midnight Meat Train" is an interesting and definitely awful lot, but not without any preference. It's not easy for audiences to target, but it may only be for those who seek the consistency and clarity of the plot.
