I do not know why, but I thought before watching the movie. Maybe he was the name, maybe he was the way he looked at the poster, I do not know. However, at the beginning it was quite promising. And all the features were a great moment. Maybe I'm not terribly terrified, and I do not see much, but sometimes it seemed cool. But the rest is not so good. Sometimes hard The movie is slow, sometimes it's a story that will get bored. The characters are not great too. All. The butcher's shop is fine, it seems incredible and crazy. Although they did not have a strange appearance on the chest (the whole scene seemed fake and looks like it was) and why did they pick them up at home in the bucket? The main head is common. Its character is really hard to believe and very developed. But I think this is the stage guilty. Why cried when he took photographs of his girlfriend? Secondary distribution is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My god, when will the women brains in horror movies? Its ridiculous A girl has been tempted by her boyfriend to take her camera, tries to go to the police, she fails, and then never thinks the best idea. Why not take it and take it! I know where to live! Yup! This is the waves! And then look at the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walked in the room, there was not a bag before, and you just looked inside. Maybe the camera is there? There is not. But a lot of interesting things. Shiny Mmmm. The bag realizes that the butcher has returned for a tiny brain. Then, of course, the trick was "falling down", it seemed really bad. Then, for the final nail character, at the end of the movie, the whole body of the vehicle had entered the dead bodies hanging from the feet, cries "Noooo" just ripped his Gucci bag, and entered into more cars. .. Jeez. Come on No one else thinks of himself, stupid? Wonderful. If his character was not so bad, maybe the movie would be one or two stars. And the MMT characters could also forgive the steel hammer that killed the director, who were killed by the director, who were unable to protect monsters from endless and cheap ones. I have not read Clive Barkers's novel, so I do not know where monsters come from. In fact, no one cared for hundreds (judging them in a dungeon) that disappeared in the city, and was not the main character. He made his death in the language (he barely noticed). Oh, and the foreseen ending. I knew the damned, at the end of the end, it's just disappointing. The only reason that I give credit to some of the authors is that the movie looks better than most of the horrors that I've seen over the past few months. Visual style is nice, some CGI were very nice and good CGI, the murder seemed really wild. (Although blood does not look like it) I think some people will enjoy it, some people, like me, will see if there is nothing else to see, some are completely hated.
