Is Kim Ki Duk a direct testimonial of the "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring"? Did Kim Ki Duk lead the "almost ironic" "almost ironic" wish? "Kimberly Dukes" fascinated us with the stunning tragedy of "The Coast Guard" has led us to reflect on the severity of prostitution of teenagers, just before returning to their patented motivation to return them all (characters and audiences alike) with depreciation. "Samaritan Girl" -en? It seems I did not find this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, surely, the motive character of Kimen is still there. The film is carried out in a lake surrounded by mountains and lakes, in a fishing village that rests on the skin of calm water. Yes, Kim Ki Duk is fine. Kim also describes a "beautiful" movie in an interview in a special DVD feature. But I do not know what that means after seeing this small presentation. <br /> <br /> How beautiful is the angry, joyful mouth, prostitutes, calm, violent and sharpened fishermen, a dumb merchant money, explicit. animal torture, auto-cut sequences, and a slow-paced rhythm between crazy beasts and wild woes? These are the only elements of humanity that are themselves completely confusing and which are presented in this amazingly amazing film. If you want to be a symbol based on a factory based or a parable, or something larger, this reviewer does not know the original material. Takashi Miike, the "Audition" of the Japanese director, has been very good (Kim's satisfaction is much better), but with some great performances, most notably the innovative actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk I have them. small reasons to recommend this movie. I have not seen the "Hearing", but I definitely do not change my "island". His violence is pornographic and sensible, sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but passion and masochist. The characters are playing with insults, there's no plot. His point does not exist, or, I accept, I've lost between lost corporate corporations I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in cinematography, that is, classic Kim: lapping with snow-covered boats. It will slowly travel through a calm lake, with the background of mountain earth and the use of colorful and recreational uses. Sometimes it seems that the viewer is locked in a second room by Kim Ki Duk. Some touches, like the mysterious and attractive mute trader that Jung plays like, and the use of motorcycles is a pleasant one. But as a film, the effort is completely confusing and ultimately the offensive against senses, not necessarily to sensitivities. We hope that Kim will leave this type of film on his landfill past, we know he is so much capable.
