As you see good advertisements for Republicanism, "Mayerling" is a 19th-century royal folk story. At the end of the century Austria. In an apparent European internal turmoil, it is with Emperor Franz Joseph. James Mason), his rebellious son, Rudolf's heir (Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and several women, police secrets, espionages, popinjays, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and uniform stars Franz Joseph Austro - During the Hungarian Empire, it was a strange royal sensation of the European Union. The "The Student Prince" was filmed on the old film posters "The Riot of Color", which is nothing more than an intellectual challenge but an intellectual challenge. James Mason, wearing a small white number and dressed, uses his mittel-European general goal every time he remembers. I am a great admirer and I hope, however, that it meets the sensation it owes to the character that was playing. Omar Sharif built careers when he was directly focused on the camera, with his big brown eyes and with great love, his son was as monotonous as the Prince of the Crown. At the moment he does not believe in the film. at least compared to Austrian aristocracy. He is firmly in place with his locksmith locks, and uniforms are becoming increasingly difficult. As a rebel, the talk speaks but does not hinder the ride, but leaving it down. The button below is removed from the tune of one of them. Hidden married, he falls in love with a town. It is one of the future of the "Forbidden Love" film. Catherine Deneuve hardly promotes books. Miss Deneuve has a profile that kills and we see a lot, especially in the sequence set in the ballet. Now, I love the pot as the next man, but it seems that this sequence is a long time since he thinks he's "cynical" a cynical critic. Rudolf's mother, led by Empress Ava Gardner. She gives the old American Oinomph the piece, so it's like "Auntie Mame", but it's done with an unknown style. I will not do it any more. James Robertson is the only performance worthy of looking at Justice Sir Lancelot Spratt, Edward, Prince of Wales. I'm sorry, not so wonderful, I'm asking Rudolf. immortal question "what is bleeding time?" I am not the ability to disperse the historical precision of "Mayerling", but I believe that everything else is. In Ruritania, Opera Buffa, without melody, lets the theater dance.
