The Order begins in Rome, where the priestly order of priests engaged in ghosts and demons, named Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) was dead; In New York, Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) has been cut off by one of his requests. The cardinal top-brass Driscoll (Peter Weller) asked him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic death. His girlfriend, Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon), and Thomas Garret (Mark Addy), travels to Italy to immerse his teacher's death, as the beginning of the truth begins, it seems that Dominic was absorbed by someone else's sins. Sin and their burden lived to die in peace and the Church was not happy in their activities. Alex needs to do exactly what he thinks is the opposite ... <br /> <br /> He also wrote, produced and directed Bian Helgeland & didn 'American German co-production under the title The Sin Eater under the title The Sin Eater. I really do that I am very honest and I tend to be honest. However, it starts with a script that works well but is predictable, sometimes boring and boring, sometimes stupid and very serious. The whole concept is not very easy, and thinks it is as clear as that it connects all its connection and so that the story is a direct connection with the whole circle, I thought it was a clear and calm way to finish things. Here are the usual religious themes here, kind of thing, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy, blah, blah, blah. At that time there are differences that can not be seen; It is the abuse of power, high priests, corruption, greed, wickedness, etc. You get to know the ideal ideals of Hollywood and themes that reuse the issues. church The command does not say anything new and it's just as good as cinema. I am not sure who wants to call the order, because it is a fan of horror, I have not seen such a fear, it's just as exciting as a thriller, it's a mystery to be foreseen and there is no interest in maintaining or maintaining here, and I do not know why I can not Understand that the IMDb also lists the Order, absurd as an exciting and entertaining episode of Sesame Street (1969 - nowadays). It might be tough, but I think ... Helgeland Director works well, but the film looks like a very gentle lighting and looks bad, gray and dull. A horror movie that is thought to be a very horrifying order because of horror elements, it is true that there are no two unhealthy children alike, it can become a herd of birds without apparent cause, or ask. Forget about violence or violence, it's okay, but at least it can take care of the Order. According to the "Trivia" on the IMDb, The Order's return date was published, because they seemed to be a funny look at how they could make some special effects improve, I can say that according to the finished film the jury must have very bad effects. They are not yet very excellent. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see that in order to have a quote of about $ 28,000,000, I can see a lot of money, but I can not see where everything went well in the set and production design. The whole film is very average and can be overlooked. The play is fine, although it seems that the annoying agitation that can be a bit like a comic relief, is worth a good act like Peter Weller. <br /> <br /> Order, I prefer the title. Without sin, it really does not matter too much, that its purpose is permanently failing, because it is worried about this mile, and it's a fair way to fall into the bizarre 100 minutes of your life, so do not miss it! It is not recommended.
