The excuse for a movie excuse me, I heard the word "Gigli", that Ben and Jen were floping this summer. The "Order" was clearly edited, in such absurdity, it seems that the scenes, cohesive film and creation, are a collection of sequences that slightly disconnected the appearance of a common plot. Now, I am a fan of Heath Ledger ("I hate 10 things," "the story of a knight") and especially the support paper "Monster's Ball", but my man has to be a better agent. Keep track of "The Order" and "Four Feathers", and it will be a fast way to reject film. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I have made. First, the director tried to solve his fundamental plot shortcomings, introducing other lines of lines, apparently had little to no effect. Although the line-monkeys trying to collect the Vatican and the Pope in North America with little interest, they did nothing to show the audience about the protagonists. The attempts to link the threads were pathetic. Secondly, do not make the suggestion of the audience enter the scene of the compulsory film that must be completed. Sharply manufactured, manufactured manufactured from love and sex, seemed like the "Matrix Reloaded" page. Instead of developing the character, these elements seemed like a cheap device that was clear, they relaxed popcorn for teenage seats. Thirdly, and most importantly, this movie seems to be an interesting concept. We have a scandal, we have religion and play supernatural forces. Why do not we know almost anyone? We learn a little about Alex's, but also a passion for the priest to sleep with his wife and a woman who has been trying to kill her two days later. And Alex is the most developed, if you can call the whole movie character. <br /> <br /> Today's style, if you see a movie this year, make sure it's not this. There are 101 minutes of 101 minute minutes of interest. The only thing that saved me saved a girl who would like me. <br /> <br/> From 10th to 10th. This file could potentially be stored below, but it was successfully edited and corrected. Heath my man, back to the cameos of Monster's Ball. It's your liking.
