One of the most serious environmental costs of most mining operations is downstream currents, rivers and lakes, sediment and toxins, which are excessive pollution. XIX. One of the most serious examples of the U.S. century was the excessive sedimentation of the river due to the hydraulic mining of the Golden Mountains from the 1850s to the 1880s to the Sacramento Valley Valley. This process led to a high-pressure water faucet on the hillside, causing the material to be lowered to reduce it, where gold can be distinguished from gravel and sediment. Then sediment collected in a sediment or stream and directed to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediments that remain on the banks of the river were a major flood in agricultural land and agricultural cities, creating permanent marshes in some areas. Some sediments were poured into agricultural areas where coverings could be covered or covered with more desirable soil or could cause difficulties. Therefore, the conflicting interests of companies that use the lower part of the hydraulic mining industry and their influence on these operations was the subject of Warner's almost neglected 1938 color. <br /> <br /> First and foremost, why wonder Warner. In the 1926s the treatment was very rare, that is, a very rare treatment. The film is a story about wheat farmers and gold miners that does not seem to justify the causes and difficulties of color shooting. The answer seems to me because of the time spent on the inside of the hanging clothes, with colorful clothes and ornaments. Then we could ask why George Brent was chosen as the main man and the last hero, to pair Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film required a man from Caceres. Although usually colorful Gabby Hayes, her little role, seemed unexpectedly burst. Unfortunately, I slept in the final part of the film before it was dramatic. I saw the fragments spent too much time to establish a complex set of relationships between over-crowded people, portraying selected breeders and perhaps portraying people from nearby villages, as well as attempts to tackle flooding and sedimentation problems. It had to be like "The Good Earth", published in the previous year. Perhaps, perhaps, it would be appropriate for charismatic people, such as Errol Flynn. Finally, it's an inane account. Without a doubt, Warner could have a better or better title. "Gold or Grain" is a short and a point. By the way, I understand that there are still a lot of gold there are 'these mountains' waiting to get out of other ways than other hydraulic mining.
