"Sky Captain" can give tribute to comic strips, pulp adventures and film tributes, but has little magic in some of these genres. As an assistant says, whether the film's enjoyment is attributable to the impact of films. I do not think this is true. The "Captain" is a tribute to films, fiction films and magazines. Especially for those who lived for these children's entertainment. This movie is almost totally charming and attractive. Of course, we know that getting out is coming in and out, but there must be some tension and drama. "Captain" Law and Paltrow's point to ten points to avoid catastrophe, and when they go down five minutes, they do not run on their own. They take long, unexampled conversations and a fallen enemy in 30 seconds to leave the tragedy. Of course, some convention is expected to enter, but the good director would keep the sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> It is not expected that the sense of cinema like this be "sensible". I look forward to having fun, exciting and inner logic. He's almost "Captain". Remember that the law and Paltrow are still winged creatures and a log that crosses through the bridge reaches a huge rock? Well, how have happened when these other creatures arrive when those creatures are completely secure? BUY NOW! The head does not mean for them. The bridge is not necessary for them, where is it to escape? If the land of animals is forbidden, in the case of flying creatures, the film does not make any effort whatsoever or why or even. <br /> <br /> I know Paltrow and Law (they both gave it). good shows of the past ", but they were quite flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (the only one that showed the great nickname shown here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to have their "oomph" appear in their own roles, although Omid Djalilo could seem to handle it a bit more. He did a pretty job, however, considering he was basically losing out. <br /> <br /> The film has a "great look" but CGI deflects so many ways. The CGI works best when used in fantasy when it is used to create creatures that are not in nature or in science or have magical visibility. When it is used to replace natural spaces, it disassembles. It's not surprising. A CGI mountain does not have the recognition or sensation that a real mountain makes. I know the design of this film was quite voluntary and did not mean that LOOK was real, but would it not feel like that? It's just that. <br /> <br /> In terms of weak script and topical ... homage is no excuse. However, if the movie had a terrible tension, it might still be nice. "Last Samurai" was planned as a weekend and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but the "Captain" did not accept everything that the audience had in his world and accepted his rules and path. There was no "Sky Captain" in any way. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar view of the heroes of the 30s and 40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) reminds us of this treatment. Having these characters a better, better known and more conscious nature might make a movie better. It would be harder.
