This movie was a true torture party. The first mistake is to accept that nuclear energy is so bad that it is hardly persuaded to the audience. When the argument continues, the participants show pure acts that have not been clearly demonstrated; Everything missing is crying "the child who thinks about it!" While watching this movie, "when did you hear that?" I continued to think or "this can not be true," but they are still protected by trusted sources. And bless it, the 'ordinary people' of the movie found similar to Luddite rather than the sense of nuclear power and the confiscation of people; In order to be correct, this could be the guilty of the filmmakers, but it is quite the same, it is a condition shared by the rock star. <br /> <br /> As for performers ......... .. Now some of these people are highly respected musicians, musicians who have enjoyed music, and I am sure some of them really believed in that. But they all found that they were breathing hippies, looking for something that was desperately searching for, the 60s now passed. Graham Nash and James Taylor are particularly embarrassing. Nash also seems to be keen to believe that he can not believe the things that are being told (I'm not guilty of it), but he is aware that he is passionate about it. James Taylor's "hyenas", "Stand and Fight", must be the best protest ever, in the most delightful imagination you can imagine. In fact, most of the shows are very soft, they are not worshiped. No one is having any problem with the event, because there is no intention at all. It is noteworthy that John Hall, the group of Orleans, and one of the most popular MOR of the 70s, is the main actor of this event. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance with me" and "Still Bat"), it is worth pointing out that the case does not inspire true passion in music. The cause is supposed to be a life or death, but as Catskills is playing, they all say they sleep. Unless Gil-Scott Heron - "We Almost Lost Detroit" is at least the subject of protest, but delivered a "worst" shock at what is being impressed by a higher education delivered. <br /> <br /> <br /> Bruce Springsteen's performance is only a pulse; I have never been a fan of the boss, but it definitely burns completely. It seems to me that his recording was a bit separate, in another event, and he edited this movie to give the audience. Here, compared to the general lack of self-satisfaction, it is not surprising that Bruce was accused of rock-maker. <br /> <br /> But even if his screening is considered an unfiltered bicycle. I do not expect a lot of movements of a mobile camera in a 70s, but the shots are not static, but the second cuts only break the singer's tits. Now, some of them are beginning to get angry with the interpreter; and * maybe * filmmakers are more capable of shooting filmmakers than concerts - but you have to do this to see "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie with such a bigger capability. And with exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, really, to see this movie, there are just two things: Springsteen's stellar star, and a picture about the opposite culture.
