The Australian Pavilion Dog Experiment is a very weak excuse for a movie picture similar to horror films. You recall this experiment "Reflected Conditioned" in your school books, right? Pavlov, a Russian scientist, proved that dogs had been safely diverted into their mouths, and through the habit of accelerating their reflexes. Pavlov dumped a bell at some time before giving the food to the dog and after a while he became nervous and excited and began to hear the sound of the bell. What the hell is this boring explanation with a short budget Aussie slasher, I think? Well, the operative mode of killer maneuver "Nightmares" is a detailed variant of the Pavlov experiment. Each murder sequence and the murderer is in front of the raw sound and image that breaks a window, because the victim emphasizes the use of a sharp glass. So this means that after a while the inactive and bored viewers can not go back and just look again when they hear the sound that breaks the glass. That way they have not lost anything! <br /> <br /> In the case of "nightmares", it can be very short. Aussie cash, inspired and, to a large extent, a good time, in the popular trend of American slasher movies today. At the beginning of the 60's, at the age of four, he witnessed a cruel death of his mother, while in the throat he opens in a bad car accident. Twenty years later the same girl? Helen Selleck ?? It is a successful actress, but has serious mental problems, and regularly has huge flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. He will play the role of a theater comedy about death about death. After a great premiere, all those who participate in the production remotely kill. It is really late that this movie tries to keep the mystery around the murderer's identity and motivations, even knowing that children's reporters may report their first murder. I do not think they've seen a lot more like "nightmares" and the creator would soon show their face and save themselves from shame. The murder is explicit and very bloody and there is also a great free nakedness to "enjoy". However, production values ​​are weak, so the film never causes the provocative. Some clips reported on the actual play seem to be the worst thing that could happen on stage. The positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and newspaper critics, who are sarcastic hearts and the rest of the rest of the rest of the members. "Nightmare" is a terrific piece of horror film exploitation, but at least I have given you a gold tip for digestion.
