"The Mummy's Hand" is a deadly and inexpensive consequence of Andoheb's successor (George Zucco), whose predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) is preparing to revenge the overseas fate of America using Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr., disguising reason ... he was bored and overwhelmed by the victims of the same true work), he rescinded the forbidding family from the patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford), a mummified cousin of the Egyptian princess of Anaka's tomb. He disgraces the corruption scandals and suffers the family from the ancient Making such a terrible act in the face of an Egyptian custom. Bey and Kharis find Mharia Kharis's beautiful cemetery to work as a disguised doctors at the Karnak Grand Prix. Bey, the whole moon, Kharis will give Tana liquid liquid liquid leaves that will help her keep her master's wishes alive. Bey Kharis will order Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon) to die. In addition, Babe will turn it back. 3. John Banning (John Hubbard) is planning to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox). He does not know that Bey, secretly collects, that his fiancée intended to kidnap him with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because he is his father ... he is also the last remaining member of Banner. If bey has Isobel, there are no more Bannings available for birth. The police have to find Kharis and his responsible for carnage ... Look. <br /> <br /> This film is followed by HAND seven years later, all the members of Foran, Ford and Zucco appear "aging". "Make-up Andohebek shows the gaps in the death of Bannings. John and Isobel's plot of romance does not seem like this on the plot, because Bey is going to put his perfect plan at risk, before this is done successfully. Bey sees John alone In her herb ... she did not clear me with the sight of love, and she was able to kill mummies with arms ... is it really a mighty mummy? This film also uses the footage of the previous film to save this year's budget. Many stories, images of universal monsters, and even the American people will turn on the crowd clearly. You know how it will end ... John and Kharis will be split into a giant house with a fire that burns with fire, and the evil falls on fire.
