I tuned one night into a cable channel after a few credits, so I did not know who did it at the beginning. The longer I saw, the more I started to think: "Jesus, Albert Pyun seems like a movie." There was no doubt, but two main reasons: photography was pretty good (and it was a beautiful landscape in the Utah desert), and Scott Pauline gave Simon a murderous cyborg, but a bit of style and sense. humor Pauline released them with many single lines, as Albert Pyun did not write everything that was fun or consistent from a distance. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have the screen all the time before disappearing, and the movie is worse. Lance Henriksen plays the cyborg that plays the evil head and cuts his way in his part, as he has done in other films. I do not know what Kris Kristofferson is doing in this matter; He wanted to see what the Utah island looked like and was paid. He looks at the movie (and plays it) as he wakes up, and the last half of the film eventually goes through a tent. Kathy Long, the main hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a large body, fights well, has a large body and has no active talent mirror, but that does not matter in the film. in this. Being a film by Albert Pyun, we all know the brand we love and love: an impeccable and stingy conversation, sharp editing and the impression that the coil lost in the middle of the image, and the next. "No one will ever see." <br /> <br /> It's just as bad as this movie, but it's a shadow over Pyun's other efforts. This is "Citizen Kane" compared to its brain adrenaline. : Feel Rush ", for example. Fights are pretty good, if they are repetitive (eight or nine guys go after each other), you say," Okay, go, something else ", and Longa is a sport (and, as in the previous one , a poster, has a great deal of dangers.) It's not a good movie of any imagination, but it's not as consistent as it's not so ordinary as Pyun's usual curiosities. You can make it worse than renting this movie - anything worse, but worse.
