Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, headed by Warford Job led by the human population. Especially as livestock, they need fresh human blood to live. When Nea and her brothers attacked a boy who had survived an attack, and when they met again with cyborgs over the years, this time Gabriel cyborg created Gabriel to store them all. cyborgs Job and his men are on the way to catching a crowded city. Nea (she laughed at her head) Gabriel tries to kill Cyborge as she approaches Gabriel. > Albert Pyun, a writer and director ("Cyborg") and a "commercialized" cybernetic "Nemsis" is a small commercial lease, with a sensible junk viewer, with some interesting novelties. A very small structure is included in the short story, whose bodyguard is weak, crunchy and overwhelmed. He tries to be a soul in lead jokes, but he is much astonished and becomes involuntary. Most of these actions are quite absurd and routine. The material could have been used by another bag; In fact, inspired ideas devastated lazy ideas, lack of narrative and almost bad tones. Fully open, Cliffhanger's conclusion is very sour, especially as it should be monitored. He seems to suppress money and said "Time to pack. End another day (or maybe another decade). There's no hurry." However, he only found the deviation, largely due to his rapid pace, because he had searched for some well-executed wars and George Mooradian's cinematic flight capturing a beautifully visual backdrop. The performances are correct. Kris Kristofferson's dry and dry personality works perfectly with Gabriel and himself, Kathy Long, who is psychically capable, has stunts with expert and aggression. However, the act is very woody. A limb of Lance Henriksen yields a yield of husked ham, Job's chief head of cyborg. Scott Paulin also raises a lot of madness among cyborgs, and Gary Daniels has also taken it as one. Pyun has set some fascinating martial arts with a fascinating and slow force. Access to the back contains music scores, but a mechanic. Special effects and make-up FX are pretty good. To gain it, but it is not quite successful, and the minimum limitations may be the cause.
