Usually I'm a fan of Spike Lee. He needs some time to get his "mojo", but seeing the clear message and the ability to tell the story near his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike 25th Hour or Bamboozled (my two favorite movies of mine), there was no story clear in this movie. The battle between Washington and I was able to understand the possibilities that I am playing well, but others affected it, but the strange reason, in any case, could not get a real feeling. Washington did a good job with what he had given, but it could be said that this was not his favorite film, Lee. This film was not only directed by Lee, but he wrote. You know The camera's work was awful and he contributed to the decay of the writing disintegration. This movie came full circle and it was not nice. Lee was not behind this film 100% with Do the Right Thing. Directly seen from all the films I have seen, this is the brightest and lowest of its films. He was almost like a Hollywood movie he created instead. I do not know how to make money and see what he or she did or what? But this film does not show its true talent. <br /> <br /> Anyone who watched this film, and maybe Spike Lee continues to see anything that has left this movie, I'll give you a second. choice Do not be miserable, I see where you are going with this film and why you would like to put it behind, but Lee grows up. His work becomes self-centered and his desire to make money is trying to make good films. I needed some time to see the 25th Hour, but when I made it, it was a bright shine. Perhaps they were actors, perhaps the story, but Lee made a movie, a man who was unknown on a trip. I think that this was what he hoped was Mo 'Better Blues. This dark trip to a life of a man who never really grew up was Denzel Denzel. It's really one of the most versatile actors of this generation and I'm playing Sydney Poitier, but this movie does not show its talent. <br /> <br /> I had another issue with this. Spike's sister was a movie that loved one of the love affairs. You do not know yours and your family, but I do not think I had shot a sex scene with my sister. I do not care what the actor or how much money I paid, I would never do it. It's something I never want to see, but apparently it's similar to Spike. He continued and showed his naked image without a smile. It was sad and he hated me even more. In addition, I have to answer someone. What did Flavor Flav presenting this film? So I sit on my couch, ready to start the movie, suddenly there is a past voice about the studio that writes this film, and then confesses itself. This was not built for the rest of the story. Once again, I felt that Lee was looking for money instead of a real talent for this movie. Perhaps Denzel and Wesley could pay in the same movie without explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this film, when it was worth seeing at the end. I did not write poorly, this was a very bad movie, but there's always a diamond in all the alleyways. Bleek was the woman who had suddenly forgotten the woman. He steadily moved forward and went on the true tile of mud mixing Lee in a way that was really behind the camera. It was a spectator scene, probably because of the other bad scenes that were lost in the mix. Another scene that was worth seeing was Lee's way of finishing and finishing the movie. By keeping an equal footing and direction, this tragic character could lead to the whole circle and change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the films were trash, and it is not worth seeing unless you are ready to go blind. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** away
