There are two groups of people ... they see the love of Fellini and everyone normal. While admitting that I've really enjoyed some of his films, I can say that some of them do not support me. In my opinion, however, it's not just a generation reaction - I've seen most of Fellini's films and I've watched many of the world's leading film directors. That is why I think the majority of the director and the worst may be Godard and Fellini. Both enjoy amazing and often unreadable, and yet they have received critics and "intelligentsia" awards, but the average person has never sat through some of his films. Heck, even if a person who loves international cinema would be excluded from seeing some of these films. So, as a small clown only sees their films and directs their directors as geniuses, it's not surprising that their films are often praised - it's worship! If you do not believe it, think of Godard's many films, such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, or what happens in FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIETTA YOUTH? These films are boring, curious and incomprehensible. Now I do not want to say that the movie can not be said (I end up I love KATAKURIS AND SHAOLIN SOCCER-SMILE HAPPINESS), but it must be a clock! <br /> <br /> Now to this movie. In a way, Fellini has made a story about everything that is boring and boring, that is, compulsive sex. This is not a daunting task. He had to do a lot of work, so he could not get there. Instead of cheap sex acts, sex acts in silent and annoying manner, Casanova, who is buried under so many sticks and prostheses, seems like Donald Sutherland is a ghoul. I know some of them should be thinking of Fellini, but many audiences will be boring because of this sterile performance - especially Sutherland's lines are embedded in Italian, so it does not look like it and does not sound like that! Unfortunately, when the movie is not included in these boring sexual journeys, there is no need to see anything else. Fellini's wife Giulietta Masina is as amazing as a younger version. That is why, in the past decades, Fellinik, Masina, the prostitute, and the woman, were considered to be the characters that were extremely abusive, maybe they could hate their wife and this seems to be playing on the screen. I read about a bit about them and their enormous relationships, and they seem to suffer from it as well. This is the only part of this interesting film that seemed to me to be interesting. Do not warn me not to warn me!
