Despite the seriousness of the issue, and surely filmmakers are good intentions to make a film over the supremacy, the contradictions of their main character, Bronson Green, New York actor L.A. Green, Los Angeles constantly discourages prospective agents (for example, who are looking for big, blonde, and dumb New York in the 80s), but he succeeds when he wants to falsify his image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and the relaxed "surfer" pose a persecution opportunity in the church of Jericho, where the nation subscribes to the teaching of white supremacist teachers. Green is ready to forget his past and, above all, giving back to his young black friend, ten years old, to be the spokesman for the Church. That does not make sense, the principles of our nature first and foremost. The character that can be returned to DeNiro, who is capable of fighting these characters (as a taxi driver) is unchanged and unleashed. A noble essay for filmmakers, but ultimately one of the most serious ones. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also very annoying and they are easier to recognize when they are. The psychotic paranoia of the chief of the church, the girlfriend (self-interested girlfriend) (she's the first girlfriend of Bronson in LA) and the development of the new blonde girlfriend does not have so much development. gap Simply, unexpectedly, we see random random drawings of random people's hypotheses. But there is a small development of any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem in this movie is the cruel amount of time that the characters participate in very important actions. From the beginning most of them are about the introduction of characters, of course, and later we will see the difficulties of Bronson L.A. The frustration that comes from entering the acting scene and the ongoing disapproval. Although he wants to accept his appearance and personality voluntarily, he takes at least thirty minutes for thirty minutes of wasted film, nothing short of nothing. <br /> <br /> To attract irrational fears to film-based racism, this was not enough credibility.
