This is the worst movie I've ever seen this year. You should not watch the movie, but if you want to waste time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters are Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Gray and Sam are only brothers and sisters; in the eyes of those who live together as men and women. Sex is not everything else. Initially, the movie starts with the theme: "Absolutely absurd moments for you to invent the most absurd". Gray and Sam decided to see a dog park in the loan. Then push his first brother to see the first woman he sees, but he does it, and he gets a more wonderful question. The signal from his brother when the start date for 3 runners starts. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is a girl of their dreams, like all the right things, etc. ?? Sam finishes out for Gray and the couple ends the marriage proposal! Charlie admits! One week is Charlie, Gray and Sam Vegas. The following week, Charlie and Gray dress up wedding dresses (Charlie has an apparent image). Gray is creating frozen Milk, Charlie suggests that Gray wears out some outfits and wears out $ 10,000. While Charlie is doing his "bottom-of-the-house homework" one is wearing black slurp latte (it was like a bag of ferns). What should happen, but "something!" On a latte top. It's never explained how to get it Bloomingdale's bridal gown with $ 10,000 in a mock-colored gown. Back to 'reality,' the Caesar palace in Las Vegas. 'They have a high-rise room for rollers (Sam surrogate is a resident and Charlie is a fellowship zoologist, they get all that money?) Gray throwing In a single room room, Sam and Charlie could have a bachelor's degree, they were drunk-up, you guessed - they kissed. Gray recalls everything, Charlie does not remember anything, they take her to the shrine of the wedding and when Reverend gets her line "No There is no point in the fact that there is no objection to the two agents that are here. "Gray stops. Congratulations to Gray, for some reason Reverend needs to repeat its last line and hopefully again I'm a "sound" again. Gray returns to NY and literally comes with any other man who joins. And of course you guessed it again! Gay It's another jerk and the third is a taxi driver named Gordy (Alan Cummings). He's gone with Gray, but feelings are not coming back. They become good friends. That's fine when she cleans her with Samba. He blows out and throws him out of his apartment. When Sam's senses arrive, he goes to his office. She works in a Gray Ads Agency. This office is located in the center of the sunset. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference halls that broadcast to the computer monitors. She picks up Sam's Gray in a conference room to prevent private conversation and go out into the entire office. Therefore, he doubts that there was a gay or lesbian man in the crew: Gordy is saved and convinces him to go to the lesbian bars. "Sorry, it's not a man," said the flags. Gray and Gordy will therefore be back with Gordy. Drag it bad She was in a sleeveless black satin sleeveless, pearls and the grandmother's church in a hat. Lesbians should never confuse this "man in a dress" much less than a woman. The bar also was the fantasy of a lesbian bar, a man filled with Victoria's Secret. Does everything become peachy? She goes home with her home-friend. Gray is in the mind of the woman and, in the end, she kisses more. For some reason, no one says Charlie and he forgets that all that movie's kisses with Gray, but it's a thunder.
