Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are siblings who share an affair and love for many things - hall dances, 1940's music and, much surprisedly, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexuals, Gray blends them with his new feelings. Gray Matters proves that it is one of the biggest films I have ever seen. It is very sad, predictable, shameless, misunderstood and misunderstood. Nothing was real and everything was very bad. Similarly, this is not a romantic comedy, a special tour but with "coming out". Sue Kramer overwhelmed her in the second half with romantic things and in the second half with true admission and part. Unfortunately, it was terribly wrong. The first part was, to a large extent, imbalanced and could have only a bit of Heather Graham. Afterwards, the film tossed the wrong tone and seriously. Serious scenes were badly handled and all emotions felt fake. <br /> <br /> I think they'd like more of the movie, if they were more, if the relationship between the characters were true. Brother and sister relationships were very weak and did not seem so close. Their relationship was not very natural. Similarly, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very natural. If you are married to two people, you will have to wait a little more excited about each other for a week, but when asked by the characters when they got married in Vegase, they asked the same servers to ask what special servers were. . The excitement of the movie was lacking and it was hard to get involved in the movie's unmistakable characters. <br /> <br /> The performance was effective, it was surprising and it was a wonder of the given. Heather Graham provided good results. It was fun and it had some charming scenes, but it's very bad for all of its stars to have full doubts. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and his behavior was false at all levels. Similarly, it seems that his lines are reading. Thomas Cavanagh was fairly woody and hardly showed any emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and was damaged because of their false relationship. Normally, I can trust Molly Shannon to be a contributor, but here she was annoying. Sissy Spacek was about two scenes and both were annoying. In the end, Alan Cumming had a shameful character and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Matters is a lame movie and it's not worth seeing. Score 3/10
