When you're watching a nonsense movie like "Hot Rod", do you have to sit down and relax and change your intellectual capacity to the same variant? That is to say, in this case, a comedy, like a comedy, was a state with somehow capable of suffering a headless brain. In a short time, which lasted for 88 minutes, a long movie came and buried under a series of recurring jokes ?? The jokes were seldom and they were not fun. The basic material of "Hot Rod" is superfluous and irrelevant. The 2004 cultural success is as irrelevant as Napoleon Dynamite, although it is much more noticeable and laughter comes with no help. Indeed, the despair that should be compared to the movie "Napoleon Dynamite" is insolent and offensive, leaving me to be left unattended. <br /> <br /> The film, as a curious story, tells us that Rod Kimble, a lawyer, has tried to jump on fifteen buses (Evel Knievel has jumped over his idols, so Rod is telling us) and 50,000 dollars He has received constant incessant heart-to-heart operation from his father; Everyone can fight for his grandfather, once he has recovered and win his respect? To achieve personal respect, it must first be fought. Eh? Whatever Each character does not have any more interesting than Roden's mustache, and when the first joke of the film is ridiculous about its ridiculous effect, each of the scenes played a nonsensical sense of SNL skit? With more than 85 minutes, trying essentially "Hot Rod", the main character of the film, Andy Samberg, made a great effort to the screen for the last time. The drops of comfy comic skills. Sadly ?? but realistically ?? Her humorous talents do not marvel at a more than five-year-old boy, sombre gigantic innocent joke and pipette pipes that reveals her jokes somewhere. And if that is disappointed, take out a chair, hide your face with your hands, and wake up for real blows: it's the humor of the movie! The mortification to rescue these, leaving Samberg's co-star roles unattended and the second half of The Lonely Island, director of Akiva Schaffer, left as a director with no talent? or a comedian. Basically, all the things that can be done to crush the comedy of the crash course are portrayed here; and so do arrogance, as if the movie were so fun. Get yourself confident of giving yourself a laugh, or will you treat another movie? Any other movie.
