Many have said that Orca? The killer Whale Jaws is a rip-off. This is not true, the tremendous commercial success of Jaws, definitely, of these men. The beast placed the most attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orka ?? The killer whale would describe Moby Dick's current restructuring mode. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, to seek a whale to avenge the death of his friend; On the other hand, the obsessive search for Bounty Hunter to kill clay so you can ask for more life. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale is a very depressing movie, with its interesting ideas basically hammering shows and fraudulent drawings. <br /> <br /> Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) finds a marine researcher, Rachel Bedford (Charlotte) (Charlotte Rampling) diving in front of the Canadian Atlantic coast. Their meeting ends at a disaster when a large group of Rachel Shark attacks the white sharks, but a whale killer arrives to stop shark. Afterwards, Nolan is increasingly obsessed with capturing a Killer Whale and selling it in an aquarium. However, his plan goes back, when he accidentally dies a pregnant woman, because he looks at a distraught man. Rachel has told Nolan that a killer whale is a ghostly ghostly intelligent who has strong memories and feelings just like man. Worse still, the birth of Humilla (Will Sampson) warns that whales will always remember their pain and revenge for everything they can. Nolan will initially try to forget all the unfortunate events, but whales cause catastrophe in the fishing village and their inhabitants are unfortunately demanding to take them to the Nolan Sea and destroy them. Does he eventually force a whale to kill Nolan? hunting is carried to the dreadful remains of the Arctic Ocean, where men and beasts act in the most fierce struggle between each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this film. One of the great Ennio Morricone musicians (perhaps the biggest composer of film music of all time, the talents of the 70s and 80s that lost their talents). The other is the amazing panoramic screen of Ted Moore, which gives the film a pleasant eye. In all other departments, Orca? Killer Whale is a movie that does not improve the reputation of short and talented band members. Harris looks very bad in the film, her hair wrinkled, her black rings around her eyes and pale skin. Its performance is lacking in the usual vitality. Rampling plays a lot of sexy processes, but does not convince long and ill-informed threads on long whales. The rest of the actors wasted unpublished and undeveloped; For this reason, it is more memorable for Bo Derek's revenge on his sailing. The plot is from the beginning to the end of the nonsense, wholly deliberately selling whales, as the whale begins to fire in the fishing village where the whale burns and destroys the local refinery. He truly believes that if the whales are true emotions because of intelligent creatures, it is very absurd that whale may be intended to avenge revenge against a single human being and do so. Orka ?? It's Killer Whale. Vs for the whole. 70s Beast Cycle. Most of them come out of the movies, shaking their heads with credibility and grind their teeth in despair.
