This short film I saw in Hallmark Channel recently. In my opinion, the movie is decent enough, but it has been bitter. <br /> <br /> The story: A Afghan soldier from the United States has received a Christmas card sent by a woman who has returned to the U.S. For Christmas It is inspired by the Christmas card, which has given the hope and happiness of his life, motivation to continue. When he leaves his wife, he goes to the village where he lives. She finds a young woman and finally realizes she has sent her a Christmas card. He finds himself in the family and saves his father (Vietnam's war) and crosses a car while crossing the street, decides to take him a little. We know that there is no family at home. The soldiers can help their family spend Christmas time when they start working with them. He loves the family and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with his family's daughter - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. He has serious relationships with a man already in love. It is also a long distance relationship. The pair is very different from the soldier. Travels to France and France in hard and outdoors. Women prefer the latter. Throughout the film, the "triangle of love" is that the woman's boyfriend has come back to visit the town. Everyone in the family seems to want their daughter to be a soldier, and her mother basically wants to be the best of her husband. ** (SPOILER ALERTA) ** Women are getting more and more soldier, because they are much more common. They spend a lot of time together. Gradually attracts his character. One day he kissed and kissed him. Now it's mixed! He is in love with his boyfriend and wants to get married one day, but he likes the soldier. Soon, the boy (who does not know this kiss, but has a great protection from women and thinks he is trying to change the soldier's house) suggests and accepts the woman. However, her marriage plans do not want her plans. He wants to be at home, be with children and be with his family. He wants to travel to the world, to go to exotic places and have children, he wants to take them. This is not a great emotion for the wife. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to get worse. He decides to leave the town, although he asks his father to be with his daughter. Everything we find with the church in Gabon with the church, the soldier has not yet discovered. Boys and women talk together outside, and with him, with all my heart, he decides to go and leave with him. The film ends with the woman and the soldier getting together. <br /> <br /> I like things: I like the great soldier movie. It's basically nice and kind, good for others; At some moments, he goes to the church family and participates in charity causes; The family takes her hand and puts her at the table at an afternoon meal; parents and mothers have a permanent and very healthy marriage; The soldier tries to do something right when something is wrong. <br /> <br /> I do not like things. "Love triangle" is very common in this film; He becomes a bitter soldier slowly and finally moves to the woman, and then kisses him occasionally; Most families praise almost this behavior - they go to the family church and participate in services, such as they do; language is wrong <br /> <br /> Conclusion: the movie was constantly disappointed and worse. I finished finishing the movie because I had enough of it. So the film began to work with a few treasures, but it ended. So I do not recommend this film to anyone.
