This is a wonderful movie, especially to former filmmakers and historians (both of which I am). XX. In the first half of the century, unfortunately, black Americans were generally not allowed in the White theaters. As a result, black theaters aimed at black audiences wanted to show off black experiences and black actors. In many cases, the films were basically similar to the standard Hollywood rate, but the budget was much smaller and usually huge production. You can not fault the filmmakers - they do not make money and resources available to the average movie company. As a result, they had to do much less, they often saw the excessive confidence in the stock agents, and they did not reappear the money scene and the films to be made FAST! He wanted to be a black version of Gene Autry, along with Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was an old man and breed gentleman and worked on similar cowboy films. For each, he sings a bit, a bit (albeit very badly) fighting and a little love - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is alive at 96 years old. <br /> <br /> The plot of land in an Autry photo was not possible - with anarchic elements, such as the West! The problem is that, despite its similarities, the small budget shines. Stymie (Li'l Rascals) squeezed some lines, but left it, the battle scenes were completely uncapped and the worst ever was in the cinema. There were some dangers in the ground, the back music was not there (leave the movie surprisingly quietly) and the theater was quite scary. <br /> <br /> Now, this does not mean that the movie is not worth seeing, it only achieves problems with technical problems. A reviewer strangely received 10 films from this movie! How can that be with all the problems? However, I can understand a person who likes a movie with many problems. On the plot, it's pretty good overall, it's a nice piece of music, great music numbers, and you know that movies are so hard to do, and it's a very important piece of American history. But 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, strange and curious casting, Jefferies is very tall, lean and almost white, Mantan Moreland ... is short, nasty and dark ... like his brother! Also, Spencer Williams can be known to you. Andy plays "Amos' n Andy" on television.
