FBI STORY (1959) Warner Bros. It was a famous 149-minute tribute tribute to the reputable criminal investigation agent! From a book by Don Whitehead, Richard L. Green and John Twist started a buzzing script, and Mervyn LeRoy directed it as a flair. However, it was a brilliant color with Joseph Biroc's cinematography and the score of Max Steiner's studio musician was helpful! <br /> <br /> The history of the Film Bureau is immersed in the history of the early thirties and modernties. Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), reminded of the old fastidious agent's memories, explains how research experiences flashback into a lesson made by young young actors. But it's been too long and episodic! As you move forward, you start to look like a television series instead of a big movie production. Hardesty launches the American crime, taking on the "Baby Face", such as Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, and so forth. Non-profit organizations, such as the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spying rings and the red threat. And here it is to be said that the presence and appeal of the star of THE FBI STORY star would end up with just the neglected disaster. Also, it's another problem with the image - Stewart is leaving the whole movie almost as if to take it by himself! Except for Vera Miles, she has a great role for being a long-suffering woman, but with a generous role, there's a cast of small players! In someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or Raymond Burr, we hope we're welcome to make an entry to the mafibre or the police chief or whatever. Anything that does not have an imagination what ever happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> The film looks good inside the Bureau's operations! With the help of the Stewart narrative, we know thousands of men and women who bring together hundreds of agents that work in the organization. Additionally, we look at the headquarters of the Registry section, and we can also see the specialist pharmacy and fingerprinting professionals that carry out daily tasks. <br /> <br /> Another advantage for the movies is Max. Steiner's outstanding score! The movement that is heard about titles is a powerful, lively and decisive one, with themes that are appealing to the softer moments of the image. But it's pretty simple, the March Ku Klux Klan sequence threatening and disturbing. On the other hand, composers wrote Latin American rhythmic music for South American scenes, especially the Fandango thriller, as they were riding on a troop by federal troops as orchestras. FBI STORY was one of the five composers who wrote the composer in 1959, such as Samuel Bronston's epic "John Paul Jones", "Cash McCall", Rom-com charming, "The Hanging Tree" by Delmer Daves, and Daves "A Summer Place" , "Love of Theme", which Steiner would turn into a musical hit "Summer From A Summer Place." <br /> <br /> FBI STORY includes shorts. Thanks to Biroc's rich color Cinematography, Steiner's wonderful music and, of course, to see something by Jimmie Stewart! <br /> <br /> FBI STORY's classic but not unthinkable line ............. As Nick Nick (flown out 43 people on his plane, including his mother) escaped He calls on his wrists and becomes an officer arrested: "If I receive any mail, you can send it to Canyon City. You can send it to HELL, next month's imprisonment, approximately." Wow!
