I saw almost real cinema in theaters (an art theater, no less!) But he could not do anything during the whole week, but last night I saw the cable and ... well ... I was not disappointed, sure! Madonna has re-created: ANOTHER BOMB! When will women learn? When will the studies learn? (Or maybe they already have this movie, largely because of a small mirror and a deadly voice). We look forward to creating some interesting and / or entertaining work directed by her talents. He showed the same quality "Desperately Seeking Susan"; Oh, he does not want to, because he is here, his worst thing: in all its frames, that he is incarcerated by the greatness of his convicts, he gives him an unbearable false accent. The accent stresses that the voice of the speech is good quality and not particularly pleasing. This may be in vain but cruel to the woman, and look at her latest movies, for example, in the last decade: like Bette Davis in the last days, there is no car but her face and body are unmistakable fragility, here, despite the warm picture throughout the film (maybe the grace is a savior), they are not favors. With regard to credit, the whole affair is so badly mistaken that the world's greatest actor in the world is the mess that can make any thing happen in the world. No one involved escapes: Bruce Greenwood really seems to be on the screen, although it seems that Jeanne Poor Tripplehorn is something that drives himself to the poor, he once again thought "the denial is not only the river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, Giancarlo Giannini's son , The original Italian star, "Swept Away ...", like his father, is very attractive and is not quite bad (despite winning the "Razzie nomination for the worst actor"), but, like everything else about this production, Everything is back Madonna, who is guilty of her back, why? Why is not her husband, Guy Ritchie's director? Who thinks he was behind this remake? What an actor would not want to capture on any of the movie's movies, no one has a relatively flat screen share Or, surely, Ritchie is guilty of guilt: surely, or someone! - It is likely, and it might be, to abandon himself and ACTAL FEELING with his reading line He stressed something about his surroundings (because his performance is wood, it is not surprising that they were not cast by others), or at least show it resembling the heat ... but it seems to be resistant except a hole in black cinema. Beyond other things, this is a star just for its star, which is ultimately responsible for it. Such a movie, a double-class war "Couple Lunch", should be clear and fun, to be able to bounce to each other and be able to revive them with a romantic conversation. Different people, really? Honestly, I do not believe that those involved knew exactly the tone; It's not a comedy (I'm laughing at once I'm defy you) or love (Madonna's ice princess routine prevents chemistry). It's not enough to enjoy lovers who love bad. Real shame ...
