For some years, Madonna has not only wanted to prove herself, but that she is capable of acting at the public. Unfortunately, trying hard for yourself to refrain from being self-confused. <br /> <br /> It seems that in any film, the star is NOT a protagonist: it seems to be giving it to THE DESIRED SHOP. SUSAN (1985) or PRESENTATION (1992), it really looks good. Because the story is based on other actors, the weight of hope will be removed by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins to be the protagonist of a movie for any genre. If the plot of a plot to be told in a visual way, whether it is good, medium or horrible, the movie needs to emulate real-life performance, rather than video performance. This is a crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. These last two, even though the movie failed (because the visual story tellers had little effect, because the script was short, or the actress was not per se in their time). Something else in a performance, the movie is full of bombs to lift the movies. Both have participated in Davis and Streep: Bette, has a career longer than Streep, rates like BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep SHE-DEVIL (1989). But, at least, the naturalism of videogame attacked the naturalism that pushed the film and forced to forget the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is especially capable of being a particularly talented actress. The ability to give themselves to a person other than themselves, much worse fees and somebody of Woody Allen SHADOWS AND FOG (1992) SHADOWS and FOG (1992), in the hands of a classic below, seems like time on his pat screen. and a little bit hard, maybe as if he knew the nerves, the camera and the crew, and he could not just leave it. <br /> <br /> So, again, he tries to prove what he can demonstrate again. It's essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie tells the story of a movie full of men's energy, Michaelangelo Antonioni, or Ingmar Bergman. About 89 minutes, the events that happen to be so memorable, lasting half an hour and when the story is alternating, does not feel right. Starting with non-inconspicuous values, Laura's Fay Dunaway has suddenly not been in love with this 180-degree conviction. She immediately saw Tommy Lee Jones in her eyes at LAURA MARS (1978). Adriano Giannini is not convincing in the middle of the film: he has no mood and really feels psychopathic - and Madonna's love is quick to believe. Lots of slow music and a visual display of beautiful love and beautiful scenery are not added to this "change" for these love stories that could be a story of survival among strangers. /> <br /> In addition to endless ending, he plays against the movie; She only drags, confuses, and Madonna must be shot from hope to destruction. He feels that he is trying too hard. Many actors have done so much better. At the end of the thirties, it is a performance tailored to the early 30's style, which compensated for a part or emotional stance. <br /> <br /> Can it be a better movie? Of course. There are many ways to shoot a way to let the viewer see the minimum appearance they expect from seeing again. Previously done in OVERBOARD (1987), for example. You may have an existential gesture, where two very different people had to be in each other, but not necessarily changed (to ensure moral tone). Many conversations and an unforeseen erotic scene could swear a more silent movie (PERSON (1966)). Moreover, it could be a thriller, as Giannini was a marvelous character, as Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). If it were to be sexually farsh, it would work better for Madonna to look at its superior, superior, over-sized control kit. But with his sharp double humor, at least his character is not seen by a smoother party that lurks behind a softer boy, and without defining the exact nature of Giannini, he becomes another defect that looks like a sexual intercourse.
