Unluckily, I rented Nightmare at Elm Street 3 several years ago and there was a music video, I'm sure it was called Dream Warriors, and I rented it on DVD. I've seen the video as one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how fun things like the 80s, but not more fun than 80s rap videos. After this credit, the song Rap Warriors sang in the song rap song that was sung in the song, and they are all dressed in denim shirt like a T-shirt, and they are made up of daughters of the Daisy Dukes bass. What can the rap group make a stupid look? I can not imagine <br /> <br /> (spoilers) In any case, I was disappointed to find the video on this DVD version, so I was completely outraged by the division of Freddy Krueger. The second part of the movie begins with the same idea, witnessing all the terrible murders of all sorts of characters, then pulling them out of a trance and finding them with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare on the bad house that lived with Nancy Thompson; Then he goes to the bathroom, handles the sink handkerchief into Freddy's hands and attacks him, then he wakes up to split his bathroom. own wrists Thereafter, the film becomes a conventional head hospital. <br /> <br /> `Larry 'Fishburne, always tired of playing a bad boy in his role, was delighted that this film was in a sensible order, but it was hard for the sick to bend. a bit of rules. It is not surprising that it makes the best performance in the film. Arquette later became a famous actor, but did not improve his acting skills when he starred in this film. After cutting Kristen's wrists, all the patients in the mental hospital are mostly the characters in the movie. Everyone is cynical and non-cooperative, they think they are hardly anybody. In the end, they realize that they are capable of persuading their employees to dream about the same man and only a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp has returned to her famous role as Nancy Thompson. , this time, Freddy Krueger became a researcher dreaming about his childhood experiences. Not surprisingly, being able to hook up with Kristen's hysterical and other patients, because he lived in detail. In this installment there are some interesting murders, and the technology used for special effects has been a huge jump. Freden's worm is like a giant, who wants to swallow the whole of Kristen; A television is Freddy and there is a scene that becomes a mechanical arm for some of the night-time entertainment. To TV, but there is also a convincing scenic drive where the couple's Freddy Krueger's skeleton fights a fight in a car that runs into the car's landfill. And one of the more annoying scenes Freddy was attacking by one of his dreams (dreams), the muscles and the tendons take him out of his arms and legs and lead him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> Freddy gives us a look at the past in this installment. We meet her mother, but we also know the circumstances that arise in more than 100 Maniacs. As Freddy struggles, the patients get together and, in their dream, they use their special powers (most of them reflect real life shortcomings) to fight it. A student who is tied to a wheelchair, is capable of walking in the dream, someone else's mockery of what he calls "Master Wizard." Another is "beautiful and bad" (she has a lot of makeup, hair is lifting a tall foot, and knives. Clever, but the movie strokes one of the sick, one who can not speak, until there is no power of dreams until the peak of the movie , he suddenly realizes that he can speak in dreams (at the moment it's time to save the moment). The power of his dreams was a bit too obvious as he was out of the long run, but collectively, now you see why the Dream Warriors was shot to subtitle. > <br /> In total, this is not a very weak entry .. series The play is pretty bad, but it's really good for a horror film, Larry Fishburne plays the role of the actor, who shows his outstanding academic abilities in his career, and the movie is not just the first of any of these two issues - the film Friday 13th, a problem that is much more than Elm Street. The characters are never developing at all. For the sake of generating big chances, most of the deaths find more creative ways to kill somebody in the horror movie than the tragic loss of a life of characters. We have come to know and root the victory over evil. But again, it's not a real point of developing characters that take a lot of horror when you throw your hands on failure when they are dead or while on the edge of your seat running their lives. Is it important that some of the horror films that are considered are almost the best?
