I asked Peggy Sue Got Married why I did not like it, since it was created in 1986 with all the hype. Somehow Nic Cage's character was not found. Path to shipping Then the plot was not sensible. At the end of the credits, the question arose: at what point did this film? What did he say? Unfortunately, the answer was not much. I really do not think this movie wants to make a statement; If not, "your life is your life, you will have to make the same mistakes, it does not matter, so keep your eye on the donkey and not the hole." It's not a very deep expression, and I'm sorry, I have not done this in depth. Writing is just good. The direction is uneven and sometimes amazing. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, it is worth the trouble in this movie, and making a miracle the whole character creates something exciting, with no explanation for circumstances, to make an apparent statement with a script. <br /> <br /> Eventually the mystery cleared me for me, the main reason I did not enjoy this movie anymore. In his autobiography, Cage tells his uncle Coppola's direction to make a point to "make his way" (not a good idea for a new actress) and put a gloomy voice called "stupid". "His voice was annoying, abrasive and natural, and as a young man of hard and shameful nature. I try to understand what he was doing: play a young man" play a young man "so as not to be as warm as he thinks. But he goes aboard, his way is abrasive, is not effective, and if he heard his uncle instead of "Fighting Man", we would be more pleased with the film. Cage slightly slides his evil voices with the movie and sounds like real people from time immemorial He listens to them, and these scenes are seen more than others. But if you were to watch the whole movie, I would have found someone to pay LA for throwing a pot on some of the damaged scenes. <br /> <br /> The movie does not have any expression One does not want to point out, seeing it's wonderful, except when Cage is making a crazy impression of Elvis (but without voice), and ultimately ending up, confusing and a waste of time Considering all this, Kathleen Turner deserves an Oscar for this wonderful mess of a movie. I can not recommend that those who are watching two hours away from Turner and select all the remote scenes. Believe it, you will not lose anything, aside from the other scene, and it will be sensible. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner is getting a lot of criticism from Cage's comments, which is proving to be honest and with the comments of others. Come on, Turner! I'm not particularly fond of this actor than other leading actress or actress, but it's a refreshing candor. Cage's performance can be quite annoying, and here it does not work. At least, in this movie, we know why.
