Gau Evelyn CAMER THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italian 1971). <br /> <br /> I only saw this piece of Euro-Tosh delirium as the DVD Video DVD release in a horrible (very bad video transfer mode), but since I've seen it, it's not quite interesting that the latest DVD of No Shame to buy the announcement. Considering the great routes of that time, there will undoubtedly be a great improvement in all previous publications. And do not pay attention to the hilarious skin that appears here, it does not come out of this film (in the face of a girl like Jim Carrey). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a hip hairdo and Lord Alan Cunningham, a man whose wife Evelyn is remembered for a month. This leads to a nervous breakdown that keeps a psychiatric clinic. After releasing it, Cunningham drives this tragedy for wearing red prostitutes in her rural castle, torturing evil acts. Richard Timberlane, his doctor and friends (what you mean, "the horrors of the Italians") will forget about the past and re-marry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and also organizes a session in the castle. Eventually, after some more deaths, Gladys meets another redhead, and almost immediately marries, but the advent of the new wife creates some sneaky incidents. Bloodthirsty creatures attack Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Becoming sharper, Cunningham visits Evelyn's tomb and sees it empty. Soon, a number of "outsiders" begin to suspect that something is happening in the castle and perhaps Lord Cunningham's treatment has not been successful. <br /> <br /> The director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix Gothic horror with Giallo. Successful conventions. As usual, there was no effort to persuade audiences to come up in England. The car drives on the right side of the road and they all have a very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is Italian. This is Italian horror, but sometimes it's too far away. The bad print was easily ease, because it is so dark that you can not see a lot of space. But again, this is not the problem to imagine something that is going to happen in the name of exploitation of the film. In the chamber of torture chamber, sado-masochist scenes make up a large part, but for most of the time, Anthony Steffen begins his career and shows a horrible performance. I think that it depends on your mind and that can be a nonsense in the right mood. I can not take, at least, with the form I saw. Bruno Nicolai's score is pleasant, but he listens to melodies with some psychedelic music. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
