Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is intuited. Aside from an escape of an asylum, when the castle was ruined slowly, Evelyn wanted to kill her, a wife who betrayed another to his wife. men, with those red locks. This nutcase is quite rich and its bachelor's degree can be very attractive. However, he is obsessed with the end of his wife's memory (especially adultery ... he saw his lover in love). While Evelyn's memory is growing all the time, Alank looks for his best to find true love with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, the whole movie is nude ... probably a solitary character, a very good actor) Whoever agrees with her to marry her, should immediately throw banners, she should throw short conversations. (An important moment to talk about it, she knows exactly what she deserves). <br /> <br /> The only real person with confidence in Alank is the hospital doctor, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other important characters in this film around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend, often supplying the victims ... I mean days, keeping hope for some of his lord's possessions. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is witness to the murder of Alan and instead of converting police, he tightened his hand. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), attached to the wheelchair, lives in a real estate castle and is often seen after the cracked door. Later on, we found that Albert is closely linked. <br /> <br /> What's described above is a story that Evelyn's latest fantasy Alan looks like. He's missing a family around Alan and Evelyn's body. <br /> <br /> After a divorce, Alan and Gladys are asking questions. Where is Evelyn's body and Alan. go to edge? I have to be honest and I do not care very much about this movie. It is badly different and steps are in place. It has a great look on the DVD and the rise of "serious sequence" is wonderful, but I think it's really bad for movies, the whole cast is not difficult. It's really hard for you to look after Alan, because he is a psychotic who skates a thin ice in terms of his temper. It can be very volatile. Committed to crime is hardly surprising, because some of the key characters have been killed, but there are some options. What happens to Alan is not really putting your throat on the gulp argument because you can do what he is worth getting. The whole scheme of the film in Alan, as I said earlier, is not so circumspect, if you know about certain circumstances (... or advantages), it would benefit them. The collapse of Alan's observance, then, is nothing more than the brightest star. I thought it was a demanding and unexciting edition, but the whole cast was actually under par. Some aesthetics help and there is a Gothic atmosphere in the monthly sequences to help them.
