Alan (Anthony Steffen), in English in more than one million, releases some screwdrivers (first-time instability and early childhood death), attracts sexy women and red heads in her castle, offering weekend bundles. . Once he returns to his old pile, he gets those nekkid, he starts killing a bullet and kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets Gladys (Blonde Malfatti) with a blond hottie, he decides to leave her killers and marry her charms when she falls. However, when their dead wife leaves Evelyn's window and comes to the death of young people for a brief psychological slaughter episode. /> Here's a review: the Euro-horror women of the 70s and different states. great Gothic religions and mystical cemeteries; a sadly rich psycho-wealth, wearing beautiful babies with beautiful bodies that fall; several bad killings (roughly, the head of the victims and the fox-eaters). Normally, such a checklist would give me a good time; So why did I find 'The Night Evelyn Came Of Of Grave' so embarrassing? For beginners, the plot is very confusing: red grass, crazy plot developments, and a bad suspicion, and everything becomes too much. Throughout the whole world, we found many people to achieve Alan's richness according to the hilarious finish, and our head-killer nutritionist believes that the movie is a protagonist? my head was too hurt to care! Secondly, Emilio Maragli's direction is quite noisy. Stylish, yes; but sometimes slow and slow. <br /> <br /> And then, too, the jewels are very bad, probably for giallo: the death of the bite of poisonous snakes (surely one of the rarest weapon options). never); Alan Aunt Agatha, the old family that plays a beautiful young woman; to support a group of identical hair of the same hair as a maid; It's not enough for a film to be set in England (referring to "books" and buying a stratigraphic ") and then, of course, finding a bag of sulfur acid next to a pool would not be difficult ... over time (how could the female show be so much feminine? ?), but there are a lot more galls. Look at this if you are a fan of the genre and you have seen the best, but do not expect too much.
