This movie is just another distortion, among many distortions called consumer sins. Note that actress "Billy Reverend" (Bill Talen) is not the bureaucracy found in "sins of consumerism". We want to ask some questions, for example: What does 'Reverend Billyk' do? How does it make money? Does it eliminate organizing in order to eliminate taxes? How does internal lease justify this "deductible" as a church or institution? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but one day throughout the year, people can be charitable, and a large number of people spend time with their family, their friends. large families Everyone has no charity. Everyone does not have time, family, friends or family. But it's time for vacations and vacations for people. Yes, they have more than the problem of American issues - but firmly, the Americans are doing it with great difficulty and always. And, in times of conflict, it has proven that America is the largest country in the world. This happens when the Americans gather and unite, distribute and divide them together. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will bring small businesses to take care of people responsible for ethics. Yes, globalization has given us a stake in the problems, but Americans will return production to the Americas. We need to learn how to keep Americans and US governments in a budget, despite being large or small, and we need to stop the credit dependency. We have excessive confidence in the credit and we have a cradle. It's worth buying, but if we buy less, we'll have less credit. And if we can save a small amount of money, we will have money for rainy days. As Americans, we get the same wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed, and never guaranteed. Stratification, however, only accounts for a small percentage of Americans that has the greatest wealth of America. There is a great deal of proximity to get you or me to the highest class level. And who knows what will happen to you from here ?! Be positive, work hard, and at least you and me will get some (or not all) of our dreams. Life is not guaranteed, but we must always get something to achieve. And if you or I do not have dreams, we would be dead. In America there are always many hopes and dreams. As an individual, we are part of the package, but we can always be the lead head. <br /> <br /> My experience has always been that churches and religions offer nothing more than an additional imbalance, but I have to pay dignity and respect other people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But, as far as the distortions indicated within this film are concerned, I do not believe in beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I encourage this film to be 10 to 10, but honestly and truthfully, this film is worth nothing. This film does not work out, and I can not recommend it.
