What happened The first and last time they were the first words that came to mind when we finished on the screen of my computer. Elm St. It was on Nightmare after the classic worship of a first short film. However, he certainly hoped for a huge aberration. No one is expecting this cosmic joke of a movie, and no one overlooks me. <br /> <br /> This is far from the worst film of the ANOES series. At first it does not look very bad, without entering it and with Alicia a long shower scene. But at the bottom right we hit the bottom with a bad performance and confusing sequence of events. I mean, surely, that Freddy's films must be dreams and horrible, but this is like sinking in the bad sequel of events and in the configuration of terrific plots. It seems that you're going down with a dreadful headache, you're not afraid. Therefore, the board of directors completely fails. Rumors from previous conclusions and well-known fears have not been found, and the scene of death is particularly rigid (especially death in food), except for this beautiful scene of a comic strip. That's why this film gets a point. <br /> <br /> Storyline ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to save people and the MPAA was crazy and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Operation ... I would like to point out that Freddy has become a way to kids' clowns. ? How did the scene of his resurrection make up the sequel of a seventh-century horror book, apparently dreaming of a murderous nightmare and a nightmare, instead of all the first films and what is disgusting? She shook her head and looked stupid again ... ugh. And one too. They suck in the whole movie. Badly A senior teacher may have some fun things, then Freddy casts his 90-minute movie. Hell, a chimpanzee would be more entertaining lines than Freddy said here. Who wrote for this script? This movie is also very disturbing. It's not so meaningful. Just like a murmur in the middle of your head, it's just a guest. Freddy wants it now. We have seen so many times. This is nothing different, and you only have to spend a lot of time with its incredible single liners and dropped from your TV screen. Alice, instead of a thoughtful and relaxed movie, seems very annoying and superficial, and this is obviously because this movie is a horrible event. Lisa Wilcox is an excellent actor, sometimes crossing cracks here, but he can not save the movie. The other actors, most of all, suck. <br /> <br /> Freddy's last 15 or 20 minutes in this film are horrible and shameful. I hope Englund is ashamed. Who wants Freddy to run away like a gorilla, stretched out with long limbs, like a wicked cartoon? This movie I felt for the Nightmare series destroyed something positive. I can not see again if I do not cross this image on my mind; Krueger was the innocent cartoonist. Gently pop pop culture became an icon, but the lowest is the smallest. This is the bottom difference. Nobody will ever take seriously Freddy Krueger after seeing this film. It's just a joke, a clown that requires a long time to retreat. Pathetic <br /> <br /> I've had a series of likes and dislikes on every movie that I hated, why should I be in Nightmare Elm St? Dream Children indicates the death of a legend, and Elm St. I had the hope of breaking into the Nightmare series. Freddy would continue his downward spiral, the next state of the clown, Freddy's Dead (which was more entertaining than ever), and then changed the character of Freddy VS Jason. he would throw away anything to get the best. <br /> <br /> I know that, especially, why Freddy is devouring it, but this movie is a huge horror and a bad movie ever made. . Nobody is advised, and ANOES end-users do not want to see this again.
