This is crap .... empty. I can not believe any company that can work on such a movie. Full Moon has many awesome movies, but this should be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's funny. They took an idea for the story and never developed it. They seem to be losing out of space for a long time, while two "heroes" were thrown into the desert, and Bradbury speaks nonsense about 10 minutes. The two scenes were in the cinema (when Dez and Dazzy were driving, and when Dez and Bradbury were driving) where he continued and continued ... there were almost two music videos where it should be. Some interview or action. They were guided for about 5 minutes, just because they had nothing more than the music and plans of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then we'll get to play, which is just awful. First, the girl that plays Dazzy is just the beast. So it's terrifying to look, I wanted to look away on the screen! Thrash Then you were playing Ten, who could not depend on his life when he played a guy. His "crying" is really fun, and his mad boys are even more fun. This type of guy at the hotel desk is very bad, as Bradbury is the guy he plays. There was no representation in any film that deserves any recognition. <br /> <br /> Makeup effects ... hmmm, could anyone say pathetic? "Effects" were so fake, they were huge. A small robot looking for a whirlwind robot drives it to someone, they are away, and when they return, the guy has a flesh-like wound that is completely false. Nice. Money makeup on budget or what? The makeup in the girl's apartment, little girl, I have to say a nice makeup. I think it was a drug look, and I think it was a black man, but Halloween zombie makeup seemed cheaper. <br /> <br /> This movie is awful from the beginning. The story is stupid and very strange; He has been under the direction of 10 years, the director is the lowest player, and so on. Spend money with all the costs. First, it has a 70-minute duration and takes at least 20 minutes of music and conversations or a character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste your time in this landfill.
