Tragedy is that part of garbage in my curriculum that I was studying film. So, think about how I had to see it in its entirety. It's much easier to cross hell. Did our teachers say it was a movie? But he never thought that we were not supposed to or supposed. I do not think there are gods on Earth, we are only humans, so all filmmakers can make mistakes, bad films ... or very bad ones. The main problem was not art, by the way, could undergo endless perspectives, but he knows that there is only a lot of people, each man has his true taste, his opinion, which he has achieved. I think that the biggest movie ever ever could be your worst, and how is it right in both ways, but how many people will understand it correctly? So, my teacher believes in this movie and I just do not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to show the different types of original inventions, or to measure the mentality, imagination, and nature of the original nature with any kind of original purpose. Pier Paolo Pasolini as the screenwriter and the director could see the first day he could see. The movie is wonderful. I can not accept that, so how can we analyze and then discover the potential beauty! It's beyond the horror of your head, and it's not surprising for the movie's case or something, for the sake of unstable vision (Pasolini). His work is so undeveloped. Deadly cinematographic techniques, dizzy dizziness and horrible frightening were all the opposite. Check out the play, theatrical filmmaking, the terrible folks ... OH MY GOD I have nausea already. Your objectivity can be violently thrown away by seeing this movie as a real bad pain as a blind doctor is about to eliminate wisdom. That's where there's a huge nightmare. So, originally, how can I continue to review it a bit? Actually, you do not. This movie is not treated beautifully. Actually, it's a memorable scene here somewhere, the boys scream in the camera's eyes (!) I try to connect things like that at the end of Pasolinia.
