I'm a producer of Motion Picture Production from Wright State University. Yesterday, unfortunately, I had the chance to see this classic movie. Our teacher taught us that it would be very fun, but the reason we saw was one of the first soundtracks, because it is a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem of early sound was that Hollywood actors knew how to make silent films and not memorize the lines. So producers and directors would look on stage for the actors. It is an excellent idea, right? Well, the way the theater plays does not appear in good motion. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" act like a play and sound in the theater, which makes the laughter excessive. The first soundtrack limit was microphone technology. Nowadays you can not move the micro, they should stay static or go through the sound of the air. Any scene in this movie was used in any micro. In a certain scene, a man is sitting at a table. Someone approaches him and sets his line and then goes away. Another actor comes back, gives a line, and then walks away. This continues with two more people. The microphone is next to the men at the table, of course, to make the actress a giant cartoonist. <br /> <br /> They are just technical problems. If you enter the story and the direction, it will be even worse. The story is a fictional story about the Titanic. The characters are incredible and absurd. A "story" about a man who cheats on his wife and a teenage daughter is not in the movie. It hardly solves and asks you why it was first and foremost. A great act of drama, the actors take longer during pregnancy in some lines. It's a guy, and you can not wait for 90 minutes (at least 180 seconds) to get this movie. At this time I will not talk much about the subject of the racism of our country, but I was really mistaken that there were only two black people in the movie and portraying them as an animal. They passed both women and children into one of the boats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they did not shoot them. I was scared. <br /> <br /> I'm giving this movie 2/10. I would give 1/10 (the smallest possible score), but I tried to put more points on one of the first soundtracks and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good initial sound, see the "Screenshot" created in 1929 by Alfred Hitchcock. You can see that the best managers have been able to adapt to new technologies right away.
