This is a dumb movie. Perhaps my opinion is not so hard if the film had not been so much a promise, but I felt that this movie was deceived and acted like a joke. <br /> <br /> I did not play with acting, but I thought they were awesome. The film begins with Clive Owen's character, tells us this master of punishment, and how to plan a bank robbery perfect, something that reminds us later. Yes, he says he was in prison, but the metaphor is silent. Any idiover knows that the best bank robbery is one of the few things that could go wrong and before you leave the police station. Clive Owen's scheme must, however, hang around the bank - for no reason, it seems to be around and scary. Also, he must control the hostages, negotiate with the police and, most definitely, carry out this work at an old house at the bank store and hide it for a week (I expect enough food and I'm going to make an unforgiving bucket). ) and then re-hiding. Yes, I'm sure, Clive! This plan has a lot of mobile parts, but it was the only reason why the scriptwriter did not say it. <br /> <br /> And then there are many unexplained details: why were the police magazines so credible. Among the hostages? Who is the character of Jodie Foster, and why is it so important that the mayor has his call and Denzel Washington does not have to tell his agenda because "his scale is above?" Are there some guys who are not talking in a foreign language for a few police officers that these police are not the sound of a criminal gang that organizes the theft? How did thieves get out and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did the bank's president and the number and content of his safe boxes know? Why did Clive Owen leave Jodie Foster or leave the police? When do AK-47 toys make a good look at it? What kind of egg do you make a pizza box anyway? How did Clive Owen get out of a safe banking area during working hours and was not it perceived? Is this punishment unknown to Denzel that police felt enough to open a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions ever answered. There's a lot of movies going on and I'm going to ask you about happening on the screen, but I never felt that in Inside Man. The scenes that were explained by these things were felt to be cut out of films, or these questions never had any response, which is weak. Especially annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not know what he does, but it seems to be something that reminds us of it. It's just a supposition that I think is the word of it. <br /> <br /> I just laughed at Denzel's "taxi booth" and "pina colada", the only reason I gave him two stars. child's video game In addition, this movie has no free function.
