I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work, and I conclude that he has the skill to do it. It is a kinetic scene that quickly combines combat martial arts, gunfire and samurai, which effectively capture camera work with camera. "Versus" and "Aragami" Kitamura demonstrated this creativity and showed that he was able to work with a small budget. So what happened to "Alive"? To make it worse, the answer would be nothing. Nothing happened. It was a movie for two more hours of "Alive", without any action and no bad character and no argument. <br /> <br /> Tsutomu Takahashi's comic adapted to "Alive" is a study. The life of Tenshu Yashirus (interpreted by Hideo Sasaki) is a convicted of death, whose execution has survived. Then it is possible to repeat the execution or immerse yourself in a strange range of experiments. The latter chooses and immediately enters a room with a rapier and later a girl infected with a strangely alien; In return, for the host's humanity, he gives supernatural powers. Naturally when the parasite moves to Yashir, bad will not happen soon. <br /> <br /> It's similar to "Aragami", it sets "Life" in the first part to establish a basic explanation. Characters are included, their motivations are established, and their relationships are revealed. The whole thing happens in a single set. The first major problem of this comparison was "Aragami", which was a 70-minute movie, "Alive" dragged over two hours, so the first part will last for an hour. This length can not be justified if the character becomes more interesting, but that is not the case. The conversation is dry, monotonous, emotionally or without depth, the characters are not very interesting. There were small attempts to convert "Alive" into an ambiguous wizard, but eventually it was classical: the character against evil governments, the super-power protagonist, that is what you guessed, finally saves the girl. As I said before, the whole movie takes a single set after almost two hours after it's boring, even worse, the initial design was also not very interesting and does not improve in other aspects. film <br /> <br /> Now, after completing the first part, we would guess that Kitamura made at least some entertaining scenic actions to get boring at first. Unfortunately this is not the case. The only two battles are Hollywood movies that have similar similar fights with banned effects and psychic powers. They are not very interesting or fun, the creativity of the "Versus" kashkin has disappeared, this small set limits camera spectacle very often, and this is a generic battle and is expected to be really embarrassing. <br /> </ p> <p> "Aragami" is likely to be better at all, and he learned something about "Kitamura" "Alive". So, there was at least one total view of this movie. To understand the mistakes made, how to fix them and how to entertain them to create a better movie.
