He told us that Stephen King's "Bachman" pen-name was a free way to write it, he wrote that he wanted to "infect" the "brand" without contaminating it. If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner) they are perceived as a feeling of airlessness and hopelessness that they are different from the main Kinghead around them. I realize that we are talking about the first novel born in the womb of humble, blood-covered and emotionally ill infants, which kills all of their high school promys ... but the mainstream King always raises his characters and plot. a bit of a procedure, and above all, the end of hope and at least human feeling. Bachman's books are only clear and always wrong. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could be easy if a Bachman book was not aliased by King.) And "The Dark Half" seems to have been partially "Bachman" persona.) "Meow" Bachman's latest book It was, and the subject of hunger, his class war, revenge, and death, is rough. So it would not be surprising to keep the movies going smoothly. <br /> <br /> It's surprising that adaptation is something that deserves a dramatic release of the "Weekend TV" that has been filmed. (These days, something like that would probably go to DVD or cable). Makeup and striking motifs (in the midst of freedom, the hunger of the dead, if you were a healthy middle class American and a metaphor of malnutrition) you have never been seen. <br /> <br /> What happened? My first thought was that the director was looking for the evil of Bachman, but he also sucked the movie's most interesting option, casting little chances - here the actors (except Joe Monetegna) just could not take the movie. . And then, he watched over the warmth and life of the rest of the film with the rest of the space and a scene structure. Moreover, he could not leave the plot alone, and his change did not really help. The script and the dialog should work, but above all the movie is there. Everything is silent, dull, airy and it's not fun to see ... the main character ... with the exception of the spectacle ... thinner and thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> Like most others, "thinner" has never been the worst (or the second) king. Due to the careful work of matter and makeup, a fascinating and compelling fascination. But for the first time, viewers should approach them with reduced expectations.
