No, I did not read the novel "Thinner" by Stephen King, but I dropped the movie version. They are a taste of horror films. Regular films give the audience a hero while trying to achieve a goal. In the horror films, the audience are invited to disappear from the characters. Within the director of the malicious master of "Fat Thinner" director Tom Theater, nobody earns and puts everybody's snack. Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke, "Robocop 3") The New England lawyer has a troublesome problem, despite rising 300 kilograms on the bathroom, he is happy to marry his wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney, "GI Jane"). with a daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean stupid people here. Halleck reveals to his court that Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna, "Homemade House") was able to report a loud mafia headache. He drives home from a triumphal party, arrives at an old gypsy woman who crosses Billy Street and dies. There was a handover, and Halleck's friends took out the soup. Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine "Skidoo"), the gypsy father of Gypsy, rebelled by courteous officials and officials of both villages. Suddenly, Halleck is taking off his pound for how much chow it causes. The old man rejects the curse of the gypsy man. Sadly, Halleck went to Richie. While struggling to get rid of Halleck's gypsies, his loyal wife warns her to approach her home. <br /> <br /> "Minerals" is a horror movie that is thought to be laughably inept, but filmmakers are also based on stereotypes for men and women. Tom Holland, directed by "Child's Play" (1988) and stage designer Michael McDowell, has given them a huge screenplay, which Billy did not only see his dessert but was not boring to accelerate. "Meagores" has a lot of blows and surprises. It is possible that filmmakers have rebuilt the king's novel, but they are full of fear and humor. Holland and McDowell present characters like mafia, and then they are left out. A small character dies just enough and the chicken head should be full. <br /> <br /> The stereotypical character behavior can also blame the audience. The "most subtle" woman describes men as underwater and pigs. When Halleck goes home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked at home. His suspicions become jealous and prepares a scheme for the curse of his wife. Although the early ending has a satirical taste. Oscar Cannon won the special effects of the "Van Helsing" wizard, and make-up by Bob Laden is a great job to fight against obesity by Robert John Burke. They make it successful, however, it crashes. <br /> <br /> Stephen King's deadly enemies will only be appeased by this messy mischief.
