And, in the end, the old man, Michael Corleone fell and "THUMP!" Who has really written the last installment of Godfather saga? Probably the same employee who "worlds the world". This Flick does not deserve the title "Godfather". Let's call "Our Cossacks" or "My Capoes." In my business, as a man who has met a lot of people like Mafia, I can say without exception, I never knew any mafia as an internal confrontation and as an observer Michael Corleone. Let's see, the mafia boys are just greedy, it's just that. In this movie, Don Corleone goes through a long time with his past deeds and his horrendous future, perhaps life style, which quickly resumes some wonderful business or demands a death like big ones. time operator is deep So, it's not his marriage. After the G2 fractal scenes, Michael & Kay's hope as a man and wife may seem, but it seems here, they are very happy, to make platonic friends and cry and share their thoughts on their lives. Screenwriter Michael is trying to get into a woman. She shared the passion for marriage bed for a strange behavior for 9 people. Some are confused, and maybe they're the authors of the author. Poor, Sophia Coppola, the beautiful old city, with a strenuous task, with no excessive precision that a young woman could say in casual conversations, gave her "remarks" rather than "lines". emote Their 'passionate' love scene Andy Garcia's bad teen sex teenage comedy something they look like they open their mouths kissing the kisses and fondle others like the drainage of the kitchen like puppets ... scullery sex has brought amazing Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but it's an exciting here. Then, Andy is the character, Vinnie Mancini, who also plays a hard and exciting role. I think, I think, that Don Corleone is new, but he has made almost a handful of work on a silver plate and does not have to do a little bit to strengthen his position, unlike all the five families of Michael G1, at the same time. This manual fall can be a way of transferring power to a Mafia Family, but why is it so much a boring routine? Without a doubt, Don Vincent can get a respect for the gangsters of his family on a day, but there is no incredible writing in the revelation, to portray this young man unfortunately. Puzo made his beautiful work to become a fast and precise character of Michael's G1. G3, however, does not count on any kind of economics storytelling, and let's face it with exhibitions, until we want to make a repetition. Thirdly, George Hamilton gave them a sharpening, as a family lawyer, he activated Robt Duvall's third installment as Tom Hagen. George acted sensibly on his role, without damaging the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is very interesting, but it is too much for her murderers (it's a good idea to sleep with Fredos, that is, if it's a real world). But it's not bad. The scene of the murder of the hotel's house is wonderful! In addition, "they continue to go back" or such words are excellent lines. And we restore the sensation of an ancient country to return to Sicily, even though everything that was done in 1989 and modern cars and hair clippers. The plot of the rotten hierarchy of the Catholic Church is quite interesting because it is based on some financial prejudices of the Bank of the 1980s, but it is too far removed from the overwhelming scenes of death ... The Opera scene is very dramatic and well photographed. But Mary's final scene is an unequal emotional manipulation attempt at the end. Every screenwriter should always know that they need more death to successfully complete the mafia movie. Kay feels that her daughter is dead, she is annoyed, but Michael's reaction is hamm, hamm, hammish. Then Michael Strogoff died in the XXI century. In the century, in a great country in Sicily, in the heart ... the granddaughter did not play before disappearing, his wife was not saddened. For the first 1/2 of this film, someone like Michael Rudy Guilliani is following up on trial, all the small businesses of his dirty family and all the indulgences of riches included in the daylight. Statutes and those sent to the Federal Prison for the rest of their lives ... then it can make a heart failure while cleaning the dead LEAVENWORTH. Thus, mafia dons finished their careers at the end of the 80s and early 90s, and they got better treatment than they deserved.
