Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son leaves the school of law and wants to become a musician. Michael Corleon does not like this. But his former wife, Kay, wants to get Anthony Corleone to continue the music as he likes. So he does that. <br /> <br /> This review seems like a strange way, because it is a small plot and has nothing to do with the main action. Will receive here; You will see where I go. Now, tell me about the main plot. Michael Corleon wants to abandon the crime (largely abandoning all criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, a Levite nephew, who is involved in a feud. So, of course, Michael Strogoff has to endure another punishment with crime and road violence and good gangsters. Meanwhile, Vincent has a vague concern about Michael's Daughter in Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix the terrible things that happened at the end of the second half. <br /> <br /> It's like a chunk. A terrible, horrific, 169-minute television series. The first two films that first film debuted at home were sophisticated, emotional, and emotional. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola mixed up with the first two films and made absolutely unknown, and in the 1970s he proved his latest work "Apocalypse Now". <br /> What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not a logical continuation of "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. It does not only go to seed (it could be legitimate, even if it was not fun). The second part tries to solve all the tragedy that made the masterpiece of the second half. The confession for the priest was bad enough, but in the middle of the attack he pushed some diabetes a little. He has also returned to Kay! Under the care of heaven, there is no way to happen, since the second movie has clearly appeared! He aborted the boy, and grew up in his Syrian education. Did not Francis Ford Coppola think about these things? <br /> <br /> And do not even start to hurt Mary and Vincent! So, for a forbidden love, it was amazing. Sofia Coppola's performance has not helped anything. When he moved behind the camera, he made the most sincere movement in his life, probably the worst actor I have ever seen in the name of the Best Photographer. All the lines given were mines, and every time the play was based on its activating abilities, it was presumed to be innocent. At the stage, I will not make any details, but you know what scene I'm talking about / if you see Michael looks at it and "... father?" "I think I ought to cry, but the line was so badly delivered and I went in and out loud! <br /> <br /> Now, we've reached the height and now you realize why I took the time to review Anthony Corleone's music goals After 140 minutes, Anthony Corleone returns with an opera ... So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see, and about a couple of ten minutes are trying to kill killers Michael. Sequence On this climatic, I have to say one thing: it was really good - but not for murderers - it was boring, I liked the opera, it had excellent music and excellent pieces, and it showed us a little, the story resembled the echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I made a wave of opera, and I bet Michael Corleone is happy to let his son go to school from law school. <br /> <br /> My greatest desire is this: Francis Ford Coppola only had the opera by Anthony Corleone for 169 minutes and left the rest of the gruesome melodrama. Better yet, I have not made the name "The Godfather: Part III." II. The party gave us a perfect ending. This spin was turned off was not enough for himself. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a movie reaction. I saw Godfather's films over the past three months ago (I was collecting the first one). This means that he does not have III. I missed my expectations in part (I had the small bar after listening to me), but I also had a good time to think every three years. movies Initially II Although I was disappointed, the more I thought, the better it seemed to me. III. In part, at the beginning it was wrong, I thought it was worse then more. It is sad that many people will stay in the 1st part, but if they see the second part, probably III. They go to part. If you want, see sections I and II and III Make a split-like look.
