The 1973 Billy Wilder classic movie "Double Indemnity" is an innovative version of the movie, a textbook to destroy a great script. The G-grade television figurine generally shows the stupidity of remake. Hollywood directs black-and-white films and finds a lot of followers after searching for Hollywood-wide screen-based pan-and-scan versions. The industry has rejected the hacks that demand a reduction in the classic film and its reduction. with a bad recovery. <br /> <br /> The first step towards creating a classic bowdlerized version is editing the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work cut off half an hour for the latest movie insertion films for a specific period of time. Then update the production with soft, colorful photos, elegant, upscale sets and well-known television actors. Thus, "Double Indemnification" is eliminated in the black and white film atmosphere of the brand, which has increased the mood and characteristics of the original. Later, apart from the desires of the protagonists, they revealed the desires of the protagonists with dense sets. He has invited the close connection between Keyes and Neffen and Neff and Phyllis with erotic appeal. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's "Double Indemnity" looks like "dynasty" more than noir movies. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer at home, and Neff's coarse cover would be hard to pay for a seller's salary, to mention Mercedes's driving convertible sports. Nobody has an apparent reason to kill about $ 200,000. If it's not money, then maybe murder for love or lust? There is no version in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are as passionate as their brothers and sisters. Crenna does not capture Neff's cynicism, and his attempts have plunged into dubious and sexual suggestions. Egg is a little better and sensuality and depth are lacking to suggest functions inside an alleged hate and manipulator. Lee J. Cobb manages only the best performance from Keyes. Jack Smight and his three makers have worked much better. <br /> <br /> There was no reason to comply with the timely delivery time for this unfortunate version. There was no reason to revive this DVD on the DVD and not have the package with the original movie to complete the dual-disk package. The only lesson that can be learned from this misconception is that good guides and excellent conversations can also result in poor interrogation, little leadership and TV production ratings. The "Double Indemnity" of 1973 should be entitled "10% compensation", emphasizing only 100% perfection of the original movie.
