When Samantha Eggar (Phyllis Dietrickson) responds when she enters her home door in a towel, you realize she may be as competent actor as Eggar, that she does not have HyperSky in Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Fearful. In the original film, Wilder Stanwyck did not appear in a towel, but instead enters the second floor balcony of the house. And he does not "get out"; It will appear, as if it were almost magic. Walter Neff looks down on the ground floor. That's the reason. Stanwyck is much larger than Neff's (Fred MacMurray) for the first time. It is not just a towel. The towel gives it an attractive attraction. His attitude is like a Greek goddess who looks at his origins, and in a strange way, you feel as if he controlled everything from the beginning. Sexual power also has magic. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a secret hidden inside. 1973. Back in 1973 The news has hit the Crenna door. Stangarren Stalls, Eggar, responds to the door with a towel. There is no "look". Opens the door simply. The glittering glory that surprised the public for the first time in Stanchleck in 1944 is missing in 1973. Opens the door with a towel around him. Charlie-Angels can look sexy, but it's not so mysterious. Remake's filmmakers seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The scripts can tell "Phyllis towel will appear," so remake filmmakers just follow the instructions and necessary towel. The point is not a towel. The point is Phyllis's enigmatic quality and has a potential power. Wilder gave him a towel to add my mysticism. Remake's filmmaker was given a towel, because Wilder did so. And when choosing the shoot, he lost all the mystique in Phyllis. <br /> <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems wrong. It seems to be "acting" and it does not have a dilemma in the middle. Part of the problem is Crenna like actress of the 70's. He can not get into the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks on the microphone, the sweat starts to flow on the face. Crenna was not sweating. And one of the most important starting lines was also changed. The original, Neff says: "I did not get any money, and I did not get a woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not get any money and I did not want the woman." Did the filmmakers totally misunderstood the whole story? Or did they miss a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This television movie is a numerical interpretation. Every sharp edge of the original is lost. Lee J. Cobb may be revealed by Edward G. Robinson's role as a celebrity. But he can not lose the original intensity. This boring version of 1973 is a forgotten TV made by the people who made "Gilligan's Island". You may even try to redo "Citizen Kane" or "Wind the Gone". If it is the most acceptable thinking, what is it? The classic 1944 is a movie with "F" capital. This television rewriting is worthy of "F", or maybe "D" is muted.
