What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Loony Tunes Land Lawyer"? The lightest actress in the world and the most duck facial daddy (with pink face and anorexia than Michelle Pfeiffer) tightens her butt, making unfortunate fractures that would make Bugs Bunny ever one of the most animated animated TV shows. This is one of the most watched television television of an hour, so the worst. <br /> <br /> Everyone plays like a pansion and I do not think that all big shysters are like delta-men, sorry for this (short). Wuss Peter MacNicol, Calista Flockofducks, makes it even harder for oral shrouds of the Hollywood "shshshs": the "S" letter "Jon" becomes a letter. Shtewart and Christian Shlater are also dealt with responsibly. I'm watching MacNicol's talk, I always wonder how his jaw is not dislocated ... The human anatomy of the face did not accept the sound of "SH" for more than three-second times. Medicine is a wonder. <br /> <br /> This badly designed and written drama comedy hodgepodge features some 90s PCs. POLITICAL GROWTH, which has written neon letters. Is there anything more realistic that the ABOARDIAN DECORATORS full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Disturbing, but Hollywood defense attorneys have been portrayed since the beginning. In the end, what is the noble killer, the rage or the robber to defend? The TV series "Ally McBeak" has begun to preach America how to manage this country, then Paris Hilton has to be president. "Ally McQuack" is the result of western and large-scale product and its author. <br /> <br /> Exceptional hints of "Excentricity", like non-motivational music numbers, are not believing or shameless. This is not Monty Python. The unwritten talent of free-minded lads, despite any "new", missed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a television commercialized company to distinguish yuppies, housewives and bipolar lawyers. I still call another honorable "objection that protects your Honorable testimonial" by witnessing that "the potential legality of the American viewers is to be pleased for some strange reasons ...
