Unfortunately, we were burning the movie form at Universal Studios last week, so we were linked to the video. Toho Studios' Metaphor for a second level secondary film of Ishiro Honda. Basically, it's warmth for King Kong versus Godzilla. He also uses the idea of ​​Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the movie King Kong fights Mecha-Kong against Tokyo's expo tower, but if you do not know that maybe you're a movie-oriented age group. <br /> <br /> This actor is directed by a man named Rhodes Reason, as we have never heard ... I see many of the books I've watched over the list, especially on American television scattered credits, so it's interesting to take them all over Japan . To be a nominal hero of the United States. The real heroine movie Akira Takarada is a sensitive Japanese commissioner, I met Hiroshi Inagakiko with the iconic "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and the original Honda original Godzilla. I'm sorry that you are Rhodes, but this guy has a bigger screen and everyone can say that it's over with Linda Miller's little blonde. The reason we always laughed as a way to intervene between Miller and Takarada was that someone liked it. Like all the women in Congo, of course, the first relationship is the King. Finds a pretty trick: if you really talk to a giant monkey ... really ... slowly ... you will understand what you understand. And you, blonde, are going to lose what you want to say. That will not be lost Who Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Dr. Madame Piranha (Mie Hama), who represent "the non-designated nation," intend to use Kong to extract mineral deposits. They are trapped in the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is the plot of the whole movie: apparently, a giant monkey will only be able to get super minerals. powerful weapons Who creates Dr. Mecha-Kong, but the circuits are on the way, so they decide to go to the real Congress. Kong himself seems fascinated with Mecha-Kong for a moment, the movie could be more interesting, but it's not a continuation. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the blonde boy cried in "Kong" or "King Kong" in his whirlwind voice, when they say that the two heroes finally speak, they all speak. Basically, this movie takes away the greatest possible character from Kong, as it has become a very heroic and kind actress, as the latest version of the story. Kong is just a man who has been dressed in this movie, and many show that his face can not be taken seriously. It's a pretty looking movie, I am sure that it meets demands or desires for these things, that is, more than just a fights of a kind of fighting. Monsters are never horrified at these movies, they jump on it and push each other around. The film is not empty, but it is very predictable and formulaic for under-10s, so it's as entertaining as the comedy.
