This is the turn of the Reel 13 Indian left turn. TWO HARBORS Minnesota is a 75-minute movie, looking for a non-actors and two-person actors. I am pleased with the brave programmer of Reel 13 choosing this film. I want to choose a stronger movie I want. Actually, I would like to ask myself that the film selected is related to the peculiarity of the film than to the actual quality of the film itself (It's not TWO HARBORS that is totally worthless, but I'll get it a little later.) <br /> <br /> As with conventional films, TWO HARBORS are limited in location. Are there two real locations? A huge trastel market and a very small trailer owned by Alex Cole. James Vculek writes and directs the market setting for an exhibition about Vincent's dealers. Many people go to Vic and begin long conversations that give us only two information? Vic is selling space toys (it prefers to call "outer space action imagery") and it is a disgusting bargain. This is a key issue for TWO HARBORS: all the chat. I said before and will I say again? We are talking with a visual medium and the filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but, in general, the endless patter is not so hung up? especially if the conversation is used as an exhibition. There are many conversations in the film that are long and in vain. An outstanding example is the scene that is trying to play as a head of Vic Scout to get a discount on stores. The Secretary argues back and forth, and these scenes do not even advance on the plot. This is a type of thing that feels like a 75-minute movie. <br /> <br /> TWO HARBORS is another act. It might be a short film to be a commution, but I have no better excuse to have good actors in the movies. Are there many good actors, many of them ready to work on low-budget projects? In Minnesota too. Many filmmakers seem to have academic competence in front of their images, but that is naive. The story narrative next to the story is nothing more important than plays / performances. If you do not understand people who do not understand your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using inalienable actors, but as the film went on, I decided that it was probably the community. theater actress type The camera was not uncomfortable. It was very theater (that is, big). When it was given, the best actors were two challenges? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson Cassie, as a lonely young girl outside the field of hunting in Vic. They seemed to have the most training, but still a bit rough on the edges. The circulation shown seemed to have only one surface, since there was no real and organic place inside. Mrs. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Does it have a total presence? Its western western charm, but this charisma is characterized by its many problems with its nature. He portrays the idiosyncrasy that arises from the supposed life of loneliness and slave labor, because it is based on the wrinkled eye, eyebrows and tooth stiffness, to suggest discomfort with the outer world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned that the TWO HARBORS in the first paragraph are not merited, and here is what I mean. Outside, it is bleeding for an hour in the film. After that, the story takes on a wonderful turn, which allows you to be the last fifteen minutes that are inspiring and absolutely powerful? It's like drilling a walnut, but in a good way. It is a huge relief to feel something that has long been with these characters. The last five minutes of the film have not had any conversations and the best part of the film is the result? subtle, exact (Cole's best work) and the most important film. Then comes closure with the most amazing revelation of all credits? It was based on a real story, which helped me to think. With all the conversations, the minimal location and the absence of cinematographic films, TWO HARBORS made a premiere story with two cast actors and a shake-up again. maybe a single action. If we read some brave theater producers, we definitely recommend that you keep the movie and contact Reel 13 filmmaker. Is it possible to have something in this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information about any movie in Reel 13, check out its website at www.reel13.org).
