"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie, but it's a short series of clips around the comic slapstick theme. Richard Lester managed to direct the film "The Hard Day's Night" with Richard Lester, which he directed with Richard Lester and <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote his first movie in 1959. This movie was titled The Running, Jumping and Standing Still Film. Only those who were in their production wanted to see it, only a small amount of money to be seen by Lester and his associates. and invested in time. The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence has been the camera's experimentation to work on the camera, with the film being worth £ 70 and shooting it in sepia. On Sundays a couple of films were shot in the field, all the films filmed were included in the production; finished production is thirteen minutes long. <br /> <br /> Running, jumping and standing. Still Film is a comedy about Sundays and Sundays on Sundays in English. All the events of this film are performed in one area. Some of these comedic events are: washing a lawn with a woman, a man who walks around a tree with a needle, to make a record, a picture of a film in a pond, accompanied by an artist to paint the numbers on a pattern. He built a trolley man, an athlete ran over the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. The film fun with the passion for people to spend time, but also fun with English culture compared to American culture. Among other events in this movie, there is a group of men and a comet that were fully built in the UK flag. A man leaps inside the comet while the other man is trying to fly and the comet breaks down. Neil Sinyard, Richard Lester's film, author, symbolizes power and technology in the UK in comparison with the United States, in space. According to this scenario, Britons flare on primitive comedies while the Americans, after the WWII war, flee high-flying rockets and space buses.
