This film does not make any cool, hip or light: it shows the true ignorance of cinema. How to forget it, it was pretty easy for the facts of the whole film to be ugly and ugly. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they are absolutely disassembled to be "for a family again", then we do not want to be a "family." What part of it was difficult? Why applaud this dirty thing? <br /> <br /> This dirty thing is not art if you do not want to do it! Heights and lives must be deeply empty so that this superficial excitement can be mistaken as "interesting". It's a brainless camera. What is really cool in the works of art is that it questions the status quo of history (or, in this case, PREVIOUS knowledge would be better!). Instead, this is randomly stack up to a slower picture in the world with meltdown available, thanks to the empty void type "cool reasons it's far from OUT, man!" The same violent event occurred every day. They are NOT "in film only". As for people who would like to do the same, it belongs to the least souled people. Do you want to do these things? A child could think it, he needed zero imagination, it's not surrealism. This lazy dirty has no content, he does not say anything. It's just the worst night-time news, and nothing new is said, we do not know anything. It is "the Emperor's new clothes," the director's unfamiliar children, because of their flawless infidelity to fly this dirty hope. I now see Miike's director of the fans: they burn half-chain chains of twenty-twenty-one-year-old tatters, with metals accumulated on the faces dug out, whose base knowledge is inversely proportional to the minds of themselves. br /> There is NO AID SUPPORT: the shock value is a pure exploitation of violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this hilarious film. It's a good idea to watch movies that you can find in the genre of machine-engineered engraving, but you can not discover the hidden meaning! You have to watch and review a piece of REAL CINEMA. Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan are directed. Ordet. Why do you see this huge movie art of these giants? This free Miike director has never listened to a movie as just one of the genres listed, because it's just talent! Everyone can step on a chaotic footing "Q." as a visitor. Teens could throw one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing. There are long listening to ART Films, but THIS "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any way. It has no content. It is merely a mere horror that is accumulated in more than one other, and it must be remem- bered around these terrible crimes that things happen every day somewhere in the world. They are NOT OK because it's "just for the movie". As for people who would like to do the same, it belongs to the least souled people. Do you want to do these things? To others? Why? This world is already quite ugly, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about horrible things like this. <br /> <br /> Many art films are trying to destroy your mind, but you're wasting your ability with this shit. There is no deep meaning. It is not analyzed; why try I have spent almost 40 years watching almost all the films that have ever been done, and continue with all the news, but I have never had such a thing boring. There is no imagination or touching, as these types of events occur all over the world every day. If you want to make this movie or even review it, it has caused more than 50 airhead young people who do not think it's "better". They can grow up by convincing others, thinking some of them can THAN THAT'S NEW. Often the convicted murderers reveal how they began in this way, following the horror of this terrible desecration. Trust me on it - I know it well, and I'm NOT cooling this hook piece. Q has a SENSITIVE SNUFF movie for the visitor and I'm still not sure. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already horrible. Some violence like this will happen to BAN, or a socially careless director that has thrown away FAKE Art. Believe me, you do not think that "Cool" is watching somebody half of yourself!
