(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, which was a very worrying and violent "Audition", that is, to study Japanese ideal femininity! I want to say 'visitor's question' to the visitors' Q'an, which examines the family unit in a very terrible way. The surrealist view of a family that works with Miike almost strives for Lynx in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but in the end there is a lack of style and intrigue. We show scenes like scenes with a father with a picture (Kenichi Endo, very good) paying sexual intercourse with their displaced daughters (Fujiko). Then, as his father returns home, the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) is knocked at the head of a great rock, and for some reason, both return to the family home. Mum (Shungiku Uchida) beats her and plays her son (Jun Muto), who gives her schoolgirls bad and bad. When visitors enter home, it makes sense to participate in the unit. In the end, the family begins to improve their relationship with the help of the visitors, keeping their breasts, murders and a sense of pride in the family. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that bring families together. . He has uncomfortable moods, but it's incredibly stupid and horrible for his curiosity. An absolutely boring scene has a necrophilia, but it ends when the scene progresses. Part of the same, partly because they can not believe that filmmakers and actors are really doing it! The style of the movie is inadequate to say the least, and the plot is stupid and disbelief. The characters themselves are all around the place, and while I do not understand it, it's not realistic, there is no interest in the interest of the characters and the situation, about the absurd! The camera's work is amazing and does not include the cinematographic feature of Lynch's work. It's hard to imagine a film about real-life surreal or Japanese family study. Miik seems to have thrilled and the film seems to be "trying" to be self-aware and almost comical is being taken seriously. In short, I would say that this movie is a horrible dark comedy, but it looks and feels like it, and does not want to be surprised. Miike's previous film, Audition, was horrified by horror, character development, and technique, as the film worked to create more intrigue to capture the viewer in the plot. "Visitors Q" is a step by step because it tries to cope with something extravagant and confrontational, without really saying so much in the process! <br /> <br /> ** outside *****!
