Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the most entertaining women in "Saturday Night Live". It's unfortunate that Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph had been writing in SNL and had never had a sketch-free feature film (2002-2006). However, these two women know especially what is fun and to know how to write a fun movie. <br /> <br /> In the credits of this movie, Ryan Shiraki and Dratch wrote the story "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the real script, the conversation and the story that transforms the story into a multidimensional dimension? Yes, only Shiraki. A single man wrote a conversation for this film, and women did not write with the script. The result is very similar to the spring of the Clix, because there is no such image on holiday, just like the one that makes MTV every year. <br /> <br /> Dratch, Poehler and even Co-Parker Posey could write the script, it would be a lot less topic. The premise is original, because there were three thirty-one women who were not at high school (and apparently at university), had a fun trip to spring break that had never dreamed. "I suspect," you never know what these funny people are. They added past talented shows, who sang old female hymns, like "True Colors", and made pizza parties at night. Although none of them is particularly attractive, the outside world seems to be treated like them. The true husband of Poehler's Poehler blind friend Will Arnett asks a date to touch his face and immediately change himself. If Poehler's character is not appealing, he has hired the wrong actor. <br /> <br /> The film continues to rule, even though we have doubts about the main characters, Poseyko boss, Texas Senator 'Kay. Bee 'Hartmann (Jane Lynch, always funny) has hired Posey to see his daughter's age at the university's age (Amber Tamblyn, though he plays another woman who lives in another life, but not in every character in this film). Travel to Laguna Beach for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch have come up, they boozed enthusiastically, they were apparently as if they were in the college, and then Sophie Monk comes to the last showdown of leading sorority dogs. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk would kill an attractive woman with a woman and a male body for various reasons. Unfortunately, his career in the movies is wrong with the "Data Movie" (2006) and the depressing "Click" (2006). Here, he plays Southern Beauty, although his voices will steal Delta Burke's voicemail. It goes a bit more, trying to try to abuse a whore, like another picnic that takes place just like other schools. <br /> <br /> "Spring Break" was released directly on the DVD with Amy Poehler's stars, but for that reason the story is common. It might also be called the "Lampoon's National Breakdown," and the magazine would probably not be claiming commercial trademarks for free advertising. If Shiraki's director gave birth to creative women at least, especially Rachel Dratch, it would be a great movie, and we have not seen almost all the old comedies. I know that Dratch will create another funny concept, and fortunately, he can complete the other scripts. Stiffler's brother is better than this comedy that he would accept with wide arms.
