Another big star, another set of glamor, another well-known director, a movie full of songs that are full of table, but a movie that is missing out on that day is a story that every budget expects from that great budget movie. Before the premiere of the carpet is something that was hidden around the film. Anil Kapoor was thinking of Dilwale Dulhaniya's love story as one of Le Jayenge's most beloved stories. Well, Anilji, what movie were you doing? Well, there are 6 different pairs of the movie and 12 different people, but their life is completely different, but they have a common problem, although they are different from life style, LOVE. Well, really luring subject. But we expected that the movie would be so boring that the viewer would leave the final hope that would come out of this multi-movie movie. These make some considerations, after doubling after spending a great deal of multiplex cards, in 4 hours I'm locked in the theater for agony waiting agonizing. <br /> <br /> Starting trouble at the beginning. The director is so confused in the plot, even though he does not know how to schedule the different six star bugs. A couple of couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (anyone who is in front of her) just made sense of the existence of the movie. Salman (Who calls herself a strange joke for the whole movie. Well, something like Rahoooooool) is trying again as usual as his Videsi kinda Hindi accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is married, at least to get advice from Abhishe to improve your academic abilities. A simple striptease would not fit the movie into the final box office. And Anilji does not shave your branded shaving or looks like a hoop. And your daughter's elderly girl is just like a look at Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji in a movie to be avoided is not so unnecessary scenes. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between a couple's stories. . Every story seems to have a different look, to be added to the sadicity of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still has to learn many movies like Snatch, Memento, to complete the perfect line of art that connects the different sequencer lines that are not known to the director. <br /> <br /> While the review was somewhere evaluating the Festival reviews someone predicted that the movie would not be good, because the title of the movie is added to number 28 and 28 is a bad number in Numerology. However, I think I'm going to take it completely for the fact that the movie does not have its numerical defects, but it has been a thousand thousand copies of the film. And as the director like Nikhil Advani can make the big story of the whole movie, he would not be surprised by the bombing of the mailbox that would keep the movie. <br /> <br /> My recommendations are for you, please try to watch this movie at any cost. It is not worth the price of a card. Nowadays, there are better movies that deserve more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
