Six at a price! So, it's time for Cinegoers prosperity. Is not it? Here is not one, not two, but six-love stories, one Bollywood star cast, plus your favorite director Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see the love story in all the years you love or just tolerate in that era. So you do not care. Do you need more than that? It's not my lord, thank you. Why sir It's enough Please pay us. They signed all the stars they manage to sign, whether they need it or not, and therefore they create a star-circle, believe it or not. Overwhelmed Everything mentioned here in detail in how to order Bollywood's new manuals. Also, you need to justify the length given to each story, because each one has stars. That's why it's three hours longer. Gagas are shot. The characters are shot. Problems, obstacles, situations, resolution? Did you guess it once again? try and shoot. Hundreds of the same dance dancing in their colorful clothes. Why did not they do any other work? All couples are sugar-sweet, fairy tales, Picture perfect. Everyone looks good. Do you have to start each one of the best in an excellent way and, therefore, to finish it perfectly? Unsuccessful You can not connect to a single story. Here is a million times you've seen. False, unrealistic, and fleeting false stories are often considered more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What is the current audience sensitivity? Yes, if you paid tribute to the old love story, which would have worked like a parody, but this is not an analysis of this. At least, director Nikhil Advani should try to avoid an unusual and avoided love story, but what will happen to the Bollwood potboiler commercial brigade character? Oh! Someone must follow. On the one hand, the viewers imagine it is difficult to sit through that love story and here we have six times pain. I mean six damn stories. Chopra Mohabbatein (2000) is a fun fun. At age and time, get something real, boys. We are now disappointed to see so less colorful people and stories so bright Oh, what you said now ... you're going entertainment. My advice, please, do not miss out on these later reviews. Go instead, have more entertainment! Thank you.
