There are many problems with Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ishq. A single-line concept with good-looking paper (Love Actually worked in a first English-language film) is very wrong because it is inept and superficial in writing. An idea that is assumed assault him under the weight of his great ambition. His first film, a highly-timed director, stuck with his device in his first film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try counting the number of times the screen uses the device. The problem is: working on "Kal Ho Na Ho", Karan Johar's emotional abuse of the shooting school, but here, "emotion" does not like the appearance of the screen. No, it's not even cursorly. . The writer / director offers six relationships with a common problem: love, but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the emotion? A tribute to the love of emotion? And one that continues ......... It does not work! <br /> <br /> The basic requirement for operating a portmanteau movie in my opinion is that it is not that the story must be "complete", in some way or another, to follow the graph. the structure of three traditional acts (screen guru, Syd Field paradigm). That is the real reason Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. One of these stories was not a depth or roller coaster in the Hindi cinema. Likewise, the connection between some stories was dark and very compulsory. It is not clear what Salman Khan does at Ayesha Taki's wedding. In order to bring a scene of marriage to a clean bounce, why did not they bring any other coincidence that comes with them and bring them a couple of other couples? That would be. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories were very promising. In the meantime, Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to analyze the situation in a very real situation - it's a crisis in the middle-class, but her journey is so linear, and she questions whether it really is a problem. Likewise, the problem of commitment to Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also vital. Only better developed. The promising tale of this Mish-mash from a male point of view was well-founded, but it reduces the emotional fraction of these stories, especially because women's characters are Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia. half-full bathtub depth Was this film not supposedly '12 in different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still has to learn to play, Vidya Balan is always as reliable and enjoyable as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a piece of paper written for him, but sometimes he gets bored. Since he did not have a personalized portrait, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural play. Akshaye Khanna is okay, even though a few scenes have passed. Ayesha Takia does not have to do anything, but reminds us that Dor de's was shocked by the girl herself. Govind is trying to solve this huge mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and it largely succeeds. <br /> <br /> This leads me to the main path of the movie (no screen duration of the screen). Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is angry at them. But I have to be credit for their consistency. They are completely wrong throughout the film. Priyanka could be the next queen - I did not buy litter, what she asked her to do away with her role (the "role of a" girl). Someone should tell, because the difference between horrible being requires that character and unfortunate hamming. Rakhi Sawant (since they seem to be inspirational behind this role) have you heard in conversations and know what I mean by Bigg Boss. Had Nikhil Advani Rakhi Sawant play this role rather than a larger Priyanka star, I feel strongly. Salman Khan's false accent ... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less accent than Salman. <br /> <br /> For the director to be correct, he directs the film to good directors. I particularly liked using gray as the main color of the story, Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla, as the metaphor of their boring existence and the vivid colors that bring the story of another woman to life. But who can choose the gray house in different and depressive tones? This would be an acceptable film license. But when the movie is running for 4 hours, it almost feels the director tries to persuade the viewer to try to immerse himself in the ongoing immersion of sequencing sensations. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants to be sitting in the theater so that human beings are as tall as possible ... luckily, kal ho na ho.
