"Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best movie ever ever. Now, your focus on the specific attention to detail must be that they should be a crime to let them speak, let me brief my short film, an offensive, pretentious and boring dirty movie. First and foremost, the low budget of Stinker is completely clear from Christian Vuissi's guiding and inexperienced, and misleading, preaching, noisy, and sharp leadership by F. Mathew Smithe. I really despise a very pro-Mormon sent and any other anti-anti-type religious messages. Yes, the story is about a small town full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows all the characters of Mormon and role models, while being so pleasing and perfect are receiving evil, conventional, and very valuable Baptists. They show how Mormon are beautiful and how cold and courageous Baptists show, such as showing some solidarity and would be realistic. I am not a part of religion (I am actually a gateway), but this seems to me to worsen, probably, many other baptists. The Baptist shows openness and openness to Mormon, and that Mormon strongly accepts that, again, there is a similar / disagreement in reality. Sorry, I did not want to divert it. <br /> <br /> 'Acting on our BBQ Another aspect of the Baptist' I did not care too much. The performances are very funny and natural, especially the female head Heather Beers. Miss Beers goes through her career with no passion or feelings, and I was not impressed with Dan Merkley, who was the star of the protagonist in this nonsense of filmmaking, but I must say more talentedly. or more talent in this film, Heather Beers. Everyone who played sheriff in the country was horrible. Although there is a small laugh in the movie, we have traces. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley) finds peace of mind with an American American who gives the best advice about a native tribe. To make a situation more pathetic, Tartan buys a puppy with a poor dog and lonely. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as close as possible to our Baptists. I saw on the shelf and thought that it was a small and interesting indie on religion. I got everything, but empty. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> My Rating Guide - A + (Absolutely Absolute); A (masterpiece, near-perfect); A- (excellent); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley horrible); F (This is not a free quality in Hollywood feces).
