The concept of this horror movie for television is literally captivating, but it was at the end of the 1970s and, literally, all horrible shadows were quite profitable, so why not use satanically with the idea of ​​a dog? The story of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of the horror genre: think of "The Omen" and replace it with the newborn baby boy with the German Shepard pups! Actually, I'm not joking, that's the movie! In the opening sequence, purchasing a member of satanic worship purchases a dog, alone, Satan himself will imply. Darkness of the Lord would think he would have other things, rather than supplying a German Shepard, and to take the evil puppy of that age, but apparently not. It's called "Omen" like a little dessert, a dog is taken by a family model and grows to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky ?? is that a dog? It's a nasty thing, it settles down annoying neighbors and annoying schoolmasters in a short way. It also affects the family's wife and children as their evil nature, but it can not force their father (Richard Crenna) to enter the meadow machine as "elected". The whole thing becomes an overabundance. Crenna eventually finds tips on an old witch who traveled to Ecuador and obtains an old witch speaking English perfect. I think he learned that he was isolated on a mountain all his life. The director Curtis Harrington ("What Helen", "Ruby") and Richard Crenna ("Wait until dark", "Evil") try to create a desperate and mysterious atmosphere, but it's in vain. Although the beautiful eyes of the puppy set a dog that forbids a Spanish maid or a dog to fire, they do not cause any movement. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially at the end, when the satanic dog becomes a completely cursin shadow on the wall. The movie "Devil Dog" is really stupid, but it's definitely very fun to watch late at night with some friends and spirits. Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") are entertaining short cameos, wretched queen queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as nasty fruit, vegetable and puppet vendor. And, yes, her annoying daughter, that is to say, her frozen child is buried with Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13" ice cream.
