Giving a horrible writing, dramatic play and a killer combination with a dreadful direction, Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects (infected issues) offers offendively bad or just hilariously bad. It's hardly a contest to make Cannon the most sleazest and sharpest movie ever. As if "Perverted Gentleman" was not enough, "Porno Actress" was not enough, Charles Bronson's policeman is the only opportunity to take a regular, low-cost bed and a dildo on the bed. But do not worry, it's okay, it's just like screaming on the screen for torture only. After all, despite his unfriendly Catholic daughter, he is a pretty political policeman, because the local Catholic priest William O'Connell prepares food and believes in righteous justice or bad guys. Most prisoners can be created in slammer prisoners with the highest security to try their own medicine. But then what you got said: "Look, I think it's a little unstable." However, after offering an offer later, he can make fun of "I'd like this in your ass, but I do not want my hands dirty," he clearly learned to draw the line: instead he just did it. He cares about 25,000 dollars of surveillance and places his fire on his Cadillac. Anal obsession continues with the title of the film: although a young national nude movie is a young man, the only example of Kinjite / prohibited issues in the film, Alex Hyde White's English teacher explains to a Japanese business group. It is in a society that is talking about the movement of your colon. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not the old man because the initial battle is clear because Peggy Lipton is too old for love. It seems to be a child of the older age. If he got a better actress than he ever got when he got the right material, here is a reaction rash that is less than the worst figure. When the suspicion circles are not spreading, it is accidentally falling from the sides of the buildings to death. Certainly, it's not P.C. Copper, with a special dislike of Japanese disgust, as if it were not enough to buy American businesses, they park even worse on the public road! There is no minority race avoiding, the blacksmith or the Pakistani hotel secretary, the policeman is not clunky, except that he fucks himself on a table or is a dead meat member (Perry Lopez and so striking that he deserves his impressive hair coloring). screen billing on its own). Twin plan twigs - Bronson L.A. The police, Juan Hernandez's champion and girl, are trying to make obsessed Japanese businessman James Pax's youngsters? You always start blending it, and then in unknown ways: after the sensation of a Bronson daughter's bus ("An Eastern man has touched my holy saint!"), The idea of ​​the poet of the film poet Pax finds his daughter. Hernandez kidnapped. Approximately, he writes that the writer rounds the corner of the screen: "How do I like this apple?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under lass is the germ of good ideas, although it is very clear to know what this idea really is about, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: Archie Bunker version, taken from a R-rated music video clip from the 80s . It shows that a sudden army count has seen a small army of machine-gun armed forces. Has Bronson been the last bad thing about working with J. Lee Thompson? and, unfortunately, the latest film as a director of Thompson, there are few missing two-player games, which seemed to have never been said.
