I was a fan of all the things that were going on for 15 years, but this film was a bit annoying and sometimes boring. Of course, I'm a Catholic, I've come from a family educator and I'm deliberately attending the church, which is probably the end with me with Bill's many opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he was supposedly equal to the religion being negative. It is correct to document its sociological aspects, that is to say, the faith builds holidays for another, and for the religion (or, more precisely, the wicked appeals of God's final authority and men). but that said never look at positive. To be honest, I think hell would be frozen when he was going to be humiliated before Bill and traveled to the shores of Calcutta, where Ama Theresa worked with those of his life. The truth is that the dead man went to East Lanka East East priest who is heading for Homeboy Industries, usually working with gangsters and young men of prison. He visited the Society, or the USC's Advanced Catholic Studies Institute, who gathered some of the world's best theologians, diplomatists, and investment bankers to study ways of integrating ethical integration into social capital markets in poorer countries around the world. To live in more than half the world that live in less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he does not do that, because he should take into account the evidence that is not included in the previous belief beliefs, and it is much easier to continue doing superficial skin jokes. That's what Bill gets into the big problem, that is to say, that he never looks better than himself or herself. In this movie, Maher Cornell graduates spend all the time talking to a truck driver talking to a server of a religious trucks, a Dutch night club that burns all night with the store minister. Miamin, who speaks of the reincarnation of Christ, and the actress playing with Jesus in the "Holy Land" theme park. <br /> <br /> What you will see in Bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation Dr. Central Central Central Station changes religion like a drug like drugs, and religion is a tradition based on mass traditions, such as the philosophers of Notre Dame schools (BYU) and theology professors are serious and uncertain. or Wheaton College, can readily translate it into controversial issues. You can not have C.S. See any serious discussion of Lewis, G.K.'s writings. Chesterton, or any pontificial encyclicalism, and of course, you have not found any debate on Abrahamic (including Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). In the end, everything you get is a textbook of an elderly condescending and snobby aspect of LA's LA that makes her kind film and does not understand her half as much as America. George W. Bush (twice) who lives on the election or thinks about it. <br /> <br /> I think a lot about Bille, but this was the movie for all its influence and mind. It's just pathetic. The documentary indie would allow anybody interested in the intellectual fermentation they usually bring to an old version of Teletubbies.
