As with any movie genres, there are good gangster films and gangster movie bad. I was asked to name a gangster movie, I would select dozens of them. You asked me to name a bad Gangster movie, probably the first to appear on my mind, as I have seen since I was first and has a kind of temporary depression, and I promise. last time This movie is "Generally", which has nothing to do with the 1926 mute movie of the same name. This epic gangster is very dry and very slow, which raises a question about the story (it is easy to follow), but why the filmmakers wanted to choose why they wanted to work hard. <br /> <br /> The two films of "The General", "American Gangster" (2007), focus on real people and true events based on "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007). The film consists of a criminal Irishman called Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson). The children started stealing long-term robbery food, and then robbed museums and houses as adults. Meanwhile, a police officer named Kenny (Jon Voight) desperately and tries to prove his crime and convict (or kill) <br /> <br /> <br /> Maybe the same category movie is one. "Goodfellas" (1990) and "The Godfather", the first two wonderful movie, I expected too much "The General". But that will be very easy. It would be a bad movie, I did not see the masterpieces that were not boring in this wave before it was disturbed and the scene was much longer. Start studying the style of the beginning of the movie. For some reason, the director John Boorman and Deputy Director Seamus Deasy have chosen to film this film in black and white, while their style and presentation are clear, as part of the full color film. I do not have any b / w photos anymore, nor even in current times. "Schindler's List" (1993) is shot over ninety hundred black and white and masterpiece. "The General" "five years after" Schindler's list "has not been made. Cinematography also clearly depletes the fact that the high-gloss key looks very much like the movie and gives it a very good quality video game, and the filmmakers are, of course, looking for similar realistic documentaries They did, like the "Schindler's List", but they fail to be like a documentary, and at the same time they look like classical style, theatrical performances are poor and sick, Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight were delighted with their roles, but sometimes it seemed , even though they were mentioned by the script, they were at least due to the dramatic script. The design of the sound is very primitive, probably 40 years ago, with the intention of appealing the crime, but this also fails again, since it does too much of a current image and there seems to be no place <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happened has not been given emotions or opinions No one is a character in the film. In fact, at each moment of each scene, the only way to think through my mind is "well? So what?" The moments that may be amazing or horrible for a better film are current and heavy. I did not hate the sympathy of the character Brendan Gleeson, because the way that Cahill's writing is flat and dull. Gleeson plays a common criminal and does not influence Martin Cahill's real influence. If the character dies (they are always in gangster movies), we do not feel anything. There is no remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We have said "what?" And that's all I did during the whole life of a very weak and very burdensome crime.
