Some fun strangely enough, but come Bill! A movie Referring to Zeitgeist? Keep watching TV and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably abusive, but what a useless movie ... I do not know. I laughed, I agree, I agreed ... this movie is very confusing and incoherent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a fun man ... but also very careful ... Bill Hicks is a sham like a comedian. . But like many comics, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem of this film is lack of sensitivity. It's just a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly annihilates someone can not be true. Bill, of course, reacts emotionally to fundamental fundamentalism. I agree with Bill, it does not make sense of religious fanaticism, but the answer can not be felt. It will create the necessary disorders. We can do better than react to fundamentalism. As a result, he concludes that "we do not know" and convinces the audience that nobody knows, nobody knows anything, that agnostic community is worried about lacking serious research in a comparative religion. He does not only know his humility, it is a contradiction that every religious thought tries to emphasize that it does not make sense. film All astrological nonsense that simplifies all religions is depressing. Zeitgeist has caused a lot of controversy and sharpened the validity of the validity of studies in Religion Research. It is very sad that the wrong facts are not erroneous. The astro-mystical sources that reduce everything that is said to be "stars" seem to be Middle Ages. This movie is a confusing expression of a mixed "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic, as every subject has to defend itself as "we do not know". history <br /> <br /> See the movie (it has interviews and bit extravagant), but please do not act like Bill. You can not expect anyone to have a mature conversation if you make a sardonic comment on all other lines. Arguing techniques are shameful and insulting, because they cause emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argument ... It is a mature way to deal with these problems.
