First, a brief summary. This journalist, Torch, is trying to crawl the story of a zombie explosion and overshadow the military and government. Nice message, government censorship, and all that, but it was a way of making movies so you can get it right. <br /> <br /> There's no description in this movie. Some justify justifying the justifying idea that something bigger than George Romero can do to justify himself. The script is the opposite of itself, as it was written by a sixth student. For special effects, I understand that independent films have small budgets and some good looks seem good, but if you want a scene with fire, here is a tip. : Buy a horrible piece of material, get ready for a fire extinguisher and take a fire! Do not digitally add it and burst an explosion of the Nintendo 64 game. The play, let's just like that. In my summer theater program, the screenwriting is cold, that is, The Godfather. I will not even enter into inconsistencies. Find yourself <br /> <br /> I was often worried that when everything was finished shooting and editing, someone could say: "Okay, it looks good. We've released it." It sends my backbone down to think even more, when someone feels that this is a pretty good DVD release. This is not a DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, this is not even the quality of film school. If you presented yourself to a film school project, F. F, not F, it would even be like F. I would not be amazed that he would try to get out. <br /> <br /> I felt when I saw this thing. With Blockbuster and the head of this movie I have my money right now and I'd rather think about what they're doing with it. I've been working on a scheme of legalized robbery and I was a Pauline of the wicked one, and I do not think very well that I come in directly when I look at the back cover 28 days later to find Ed Wood's film Ed Wood. I would look and then say: "I did not have that care." This movie is a horrible movie I've seen. With Ed Wood I have not seen anything, but I think that's worse. If you're looking for serious movies, being ten meters away will give you a bad headache. If not, I still recommend writing the director personally and how to sleep at night. However, if you are a type of person who really laughed at being bad, I recommend you to see it. You are not disappointed.
