I could not believe this horrible film to be true. Finding the worst actor, writing the worst script (Mark Frost and Sollace Mitchell) and the farthest time to see. I do not work on the story, it's not worth it. But I will do some screenings and certainly the story. Regarding the story, it is very difficult for us to believe that this great author of the believer could actually do it. The wife, in fact, could not defend the same thing. Husbands are really attractive in the case of foods. Defender advocates could break each of the forensic laws and will continue to do so that the judge ordered him to block him from being blocked. And the final result of the film is the insult to justice, movie codes and male species. The subject of this evil is that women want to do what they want, kill them whom they want to kill, defend the murderer and escape with him, while the guy is attacked while jailing. Sollace Mitchell, director and man, thinks he'd like to do this dribble. <br /> <br /> In regards to the act: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is horrible. Toon fools, who makes the needle during his trial process (that is, allowed in court) gets bored. He looked at me more in the eyes and pointed out how innocent I was and I would throw it. He does not want to leave his wife a bit of anything. When a husband and wife, Vincent Spano played at a level, seems to be apparently and stupid for most of the time. So it was a preview of his performance that all the women around him fell into a trap. Holland Taylor Defense Attourney was so bad until now. He played throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. If I were to study at any time, I would call it a ride. In this dirty movie all the others did the work, as it was done. <br /> <br /> This movie would give me a zero value. However, we must start with, bad 1. Let's not see such films. That life can do everything better, I know. <br /> <br /> This is a postskrip: he made mistakes in making this mistake movie wrong. When I saw Jordan Ladd bimbo, I saw it before and I did not like it. I turned off the bad things, but I wrote the script I had to add, but they also directed this movie, of anger such as Sollace Mitchell. Nobody sees that his message is paid for the disease. It is allowed to be sick and kill people with this director and writer. Making the masculine species completely hateful. Well, that man means that it's a bit painful. We are not a fool and we will call it a movie to be dirty in that person. <br /> <br /> And again this loser will be shown. Why ???? Can not you read stupid movies and contemptuous comments? Do we see Jordan Ladd bimbo again and again? Remove TV, movies and sight. It is only enormous in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
