His Christmas Eve and a cheerful and subordinate mother, Della (Kim Basinger) threatens to get her boyfriend confused and overwhelmed. They let their twin beds go to bed in the night to make the latest shopping in the local business. He is busy and finding a car park is impossible, Della protects himself on a motorist parked in two spaces, says a note. After returning to the store after visiting the store, some yobs face up to the front of a car, which is left behind by the owner of a car, is angry and amused with it, helping them to enjoy a safe guard, but they get things done. He comes out of his hand and the guard is shot, Della's current dirty dirty escapes escaping and fights, loses control of the car and crashes, capturing her box quickly, in a hidden building. But he is soon caught, before he begins to force raptors and killers, he creates a key from his toolbox, which hurt his "Chuckie" boss, escapes again in the nearby forest. One of the gangs dies. the guy is black. Here the night is worse due to the deadly game of the cat and the mouse. I have come up with a line similar to Eden Lake, but there are comparisons. It's a foolish and stupid movie, a great and awesome screenplay that all of us have, the children of Disney watching their twins, but their Lukas Haas Chuckie. Her husband is terribly afraid of money. When the film is fully telegraphed, Della has also died at the start of her home phone, and then, in stores, her credit card has been canceled by her friends, and she does not make money and her Christmas night. Now, I wonder where they would go? $ The only stunning part of this hit is that after killing all the clichés of the magic of its magical template, Chuckie can ask if my jaw does not already exist on the ground in this nasty film. surely it would fall and it would break in the ground. At the end of the day, the feminist grandmothers who want to lose pounds are totally disappointed ... I did not think I might be more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro sucked.
