I think we start a lot of reviews "It can do a big movie". Demented ex-con is a newly created fresh, tidy city with its purpose. Revenge, reward, manipulation. The usual implantation of Marti's Karo syrup. But unfortunately, on the uprising of Universal, an unhappy memory fell: everyone took it. his way into his scenes, and Bobby D ... well, he is in another magical carpet. The crazy / Huckleberry Hound hybrid accent caused some cigar and heavy bins, such as "Troubleshooting". And I want to imagine the aforementioned accent. Now think about the fact that it has been revealed in the brain as a religious religion as it swallowed six biblicals and you have the De Niro schtick here. The most attention to everyone is the "De Niro face". His eyes throbbed his eyes, his forehead crushed, his lips curved. Crimany, Bob, you were like a plastic man. <br /> <br /> The story came out 14 years before, as Nolt could not get rid of at De Nirus for many other attacks. After releasing it, Nolte's misrep thinks that he and his family cringe. And we should overcome De Nirus's character, to keep Nolt shortening his sentence. De Niro was one of those crimes, despite the fact that he can not express his act, justifies his lack of freedom justifying that such actions remain outside. Mmm-kay <br /> <br /> Notle's housewife goes on (in a scene she wants some), wife, daughter, family dog, you know. Wesley Stricken is one of the shortcomings of the script: the whole preview. Since De Niro's harassment becomes more burdensome, you can call it much before the rest of the actions take place. Strick is not to be totally hated because it manages some passionate moments of passionate conversations (a quiet theater in De Niro and Lewis's theater is one of the best scenes in the world), but above all it is very well-rounded. Scorsese forces a close vision of photography, which Bernard Hermann restored to Bernard Hermann's obsolete HORRIBLY (Wolfman was waiting for me to appear with a genetically augmented tarantula). in the comic section of the film. It is uncommonly comical, that is. You already know something that is graphically horrible, but you can not get joking about others? You will do it here. They are shouting at each other, and Lange cries out in flames, flirting with De Niro's bag, cropped attire and a certain substance in a sensitizing cuisine. And Bob's hell, incessantly, KONSTANTA, mind-damaging, non-ending sight, found out that he had pardoned all "philosophies" in prison. I wanted to die sick to save the family from being annoyed. <br /> <br /> I always hate paying other thoughts for other reviewers, but here it is necessary. This is really * Scorsese's * Freddy Krueger version. De Niro enjoys, he speaks, he suffers pain in his hand, his own heads, Freddy vintage. Shedding with sugar that eats water: "Are you trying to get hot sumpin '?" Please. It's just an example. <br /> <br /> If you were a fan of the original movie of 1962 and you want to see the emotion of Balsam, Peck and Mitchum almost thirty years later (or if you want to be a serious soul). experience), Avoid the trip to Cabo.
