I really do not want Martin Scorses to compare Cape Fear's classic Cape Fear in 1962, but I can not support that. I'm a big hobby of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck was the star of Cape Fear, but Scorsese introduces the scene of the previous film (taking Cady's whisker, killing a dog) and even including Bernard Herrmann's scoring. The whole movie does not give me many choices as I do not want to do a comparison, I can not help, but I can think of the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. Scorsese's classic version of the classic version of Cape Fear destroys the classical version; But it's a bad movie when it's taken. <br /> <br /> <br /> Now, Scorsek and Wesley Strick's screenwriter did not change the scene of the Cape Fear scenes in 1962, they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is a problem with the movie. A personal revenge like Max Cady's crazy and animal cries, in the Max's Cady version of 1991 is a fanatic, Sam Bowden for "salvation" and his feminine side (his words, no). mine). Sam Bowden is also a powerful and powerful sampler in Cape Fear. In 1991, Sam was found to be a very goofy remake, Magoo, silent and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Bowden's character is completely different - Max Cady is so sweet! The general story has also changed - just like Sam, a former lawyer at Cady, and Cady did not have everything he could do - Sam did not pay tribute to Cady against the classic version of his jail. to jail and "save it". <br /> <br /> The overall story has changed, and I'm not too much against it, but the overall script is weak. Other subplots are thrown into the mix, which are not distracted by more photographs, but also badly written. The movie also includes some absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and ridiculous lines, you can not at least take it seriously. These sides take away the dangerous and captivating nature of the movies, but they also have help in this section. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear was shot with extraordinary lighting. and the powerful and effective subtle, inspiring, emotion-laden boyfriend, when he demanded movies and called him in danger. However, Scorsese can not do that in Cape Fear, which films give birth to cookies for the 1990's, no danger, no suspensing scenes, and a small style (if you do not tell animation fire and skyline style). Yes, there is some terrible violence and some efforts have been made to make Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends with nothing but fear and excitement. <br /> <br /> If that was not enough, acting was not great. Robert De Niro (somehow nominated for an Oscar for his performance) Max Cady starts well, but gradually gets worse until he starts to laugh at the end of the movie. Jessica Lange and Mrs. Bowden's play is against what's happening, the fact that being abused in most movies may show fear and disappointment to the finish line. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolt maintains the same film: beige. Juliette Lewis (nominated for an Academy Award nomination) is as dignified as the role of Danielle Bowden, but she wants to play a real stupid character and it's hard to actually see on the screen. <br /> <br /> This film seems to be one of the best remakes, and I can not know why. I liked it; I really did - I mean, if there was a remake of Cape Fear, I'd rather like that too - but I could not. Unless heavily influenced by the indispensable comparison of original Cape Fear, Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear film seemed to me very bad. The best things about the film are the roles of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck: go figure.
