First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your wealthy husband is left alone in your beauty, probably the money to be paid at home, and can not you even get a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I will say well, wash something, starting with your hair. And while you are, Christmas is night. Buy some gifts for children ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive for a busy mall to a 40-minute drive, park your car 3 kilometers away and weep around it, and simply collect paper. Also, the next time someone decides to leave a bad note, do not give a name. I feel Della Della. Clearly, Kim Basinger, executive producer of the masterpiece, wants to feel bad for the white and white female. We get it Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, not a horrible movie model after your life. You are also in the 50s. Eighth year old twins do not hesitate. AND NAME? Terry and Tammy. A way of raising your children's dignity with respect to themselves. It's also wonderful to listen to the characters in the movie continuously or listen to them as "girls". Clearly, Mrs. Basinger said something to write in the script. It is also quite wonderful that a criminal does not fight. It seems that Della's ninja's magical abilities can not be overcome. His driving skills are also nifty. This film is so topical that it hurts. Wahhhhh! Your name was wrong in the tea cup. Or your husband has put a hole in the wall, but you can imagine purchasing a nail bag in commerce, gypsum and paint. Or you went to a higher school when you bought the hairstyle that was beautifully dressed. Boohooo! The trench coat, which refuses to walk around the woods surrounding it, refuses to be BRIGHT and this proves it to me. This woman is a blame. Who thinks of extracting the hood from cars, but not in the purse, with files, such as your IDRESS identifiers. I have never wanted to be "bad" as much as the movie could have seen so much. And did someone else make the "Black African American" black tee shirt sport? Oh yes, postponing and taking care of the stereotypical stereotypical feature of films. Do not waste an hour or twenty minutes in your life. Instead of knowing how to go about doing it ... take care of your children, and maybe to whiten your hair. In the end, this powerful ballad was pretty impressive. Rain on your "Christmas house", your bloody kiss is so closely linked to the bouncing paper as it is emotional. Thank you
