Ghost of the Vietnam War, the American Psyche has been there for eleven years. However, ten thousand American soldiers went to Vietnam or were not treated because they lost their first American war. Many men came from the war from the shadow of their ancestors, and the original first blood gave them a little idea about their problems when trying to return to his world, as he says. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, mixes a little pumping, which shows that it can be a great deal in America, both in victory and in time. Stallone puts an unstoppable force as the lead command of special Forces, which Richard Crenna tries to keep the good part of the actor's part. Everything that happens is where it is written, Missing In Action and Chuck Norris. The appearance of the original logic has just disappeared right now, because filmmakers decide to paint a second section of the S group on Rambo's chest. <br /> <br /> The film takes a little bit after the end of Blood. The movie, that is, the novel does not support the possibility of monitoring. Unfortunately, in this monitoring, Rambo seems to be an open-air mine. He is breaking rocks and when he's sweating, a guardian prisoner talks to Colonel Trautman and chat with him, because his government is ready to give him an early release. Rambo, without having to go back to a hard day, admits and is immediately sent to a hidden base that seems to be part of Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot it). Thereafter, the American MIA orders and searches for a camp that they are allegedly hosting. His role clearly indicates that he will not attempt to secure his release. Apart from being Rambo Rambo, he also has other ideas with possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Obviously, things get worse just because those who do Rambo jobs do not want Americans to become more interested. MIAs are found. It is a former conspiracy theory and does not apologize for the exploitation of many American American families that have not left a son for ten years during the official Vietnam war. The Jingoism born in the 1980s with American society was, of course, unable to get the Russians to be a single battalion. Together, two antagonists try to get information about Rambo, but they fight against them, bullets, rockets, and destruction. When one thing is missing, Rambo is the moment when he grazes a glass-shaped glass mug and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> Actually, First Blood II. The first part of the photo has well-taken photos and well-choreographed. shows He is a wrestling battle with a major commander in Russia, one of the few fights of any dramatic film. The other main actors and directors are just the case that the Americans fantasy to pump their fists. Fortunately, this American movie action movie soon disappeared when more introspective and intelligent war movies such as Platoon began to play rounds. Some murders here are very creative, despite all the problems. Vietnam's commander had an end to many envy films. The Russian commander is bitten as spectacular as it is ridiculous. Only one film from the 1980s would see LAW used within a helicopter. Of course, action movies have been topical in the contradictions of truth, but never before is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I gave it to Rambo: The first Blood Blood II out of ten. It is so bad that it is ridiculous and often so horny. The military also does not know that certain sequence of actions should be stupid. The only risk you need is to make stupid political phrases about the subject that is directly involved in the topic. Keep the tongue strong in the dough, and it may be a clock.
