According to the rights, it would never be the "First Part II". The original film of "First Blood" John Rambo committed suicide at the end of his film, but that changed because he wanted to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but the view of the test was an extreme ending. However, someone believed that this character was a good waste, added as a hero of the other two films of the 80s, as well as a newly released fourth installment. <br /> <br /> The official title of this film. "Rambo: First Blood Part II" was only known as "Rambo". He begins his career with the title character in prison, and he is supposedly eliminating his commitment to "First Blood", although this is never explicit. The Colonel Trautman, his former authority, for a secret mission is removed from the cart. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate that the POW of America continues to persist in communist regimes. Under strict guidelines is to rescue prisoners or try to force the enemy; It has only been the mission to find his mission. mission, Murdock, bureaucratic military. Murdock wants to prove that Vietnam's Vietnamese prisoner does not exist, to some extent improve the relations between American and Vietnamese governments, partly making life easier. Sadly, as for Murdock, Rambo discovers that Americans are still being imprisoned, and they are still in hell conditions. Of course, he is a very hero, he tries to leave his destiny and save them. The rest of the film is a long fight between Rambo and allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and evil soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the bad guys are, of course, dying, although I was surprised to learn from your "curiosities" that the total number of deaths was as low as 67. Sometimes, Rambo seemed to be trying to clear everything. Vietnam Army <br /> <br /> The first tone of this film is very different from the first one. "First Blood" Rambo was, without a doubt, a criminal, although his responsibility for crimes resulted in severe provocation and mental instability. It's a real American hero of "Rambo". A few years before, George Pan Cosmatos made a feature film "The Cassandra Crossing", a direct part of American anti-propaganda. However, Kosmates did not change, and "Rambo" proves that American-made propaganda on the right may turn his hand too. The only thing that both movies have in common is that both are laughably bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its mistakes, but also its virtues. His attitude, part of the war movement was part of the civil problems of Vietnam vets to change life, was controversial, but at least the war was a film, a declaration of social attitude towards war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", however, has little virtue; For these types of actions are pretty good for those who like that. Basically, the Americans in the Vietnam War are a kind of fantastic revenge. Rambo is fighting for a single war, and this time he gets to the right. Take that, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, definitely, the lovers of the film (and it seems that there are more than 2,000 voters out of ten stars) I conclude that I am one of the lovers of comic books. Much, in fact, I have always been uncovering communism as a nasty idea. I do not like the film, it's not its politics, but it lacks rigor and suggests the solution of all the problems, including ideological conflicts, passing all the guns and killing as many people as possible. It does not try to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not all of them were American in the region. For all anti-communism, movies are sledgehammer-like propaganda, because communists were very good for themselves; For all of the world's problems were given to capitalism, imperialism, or revision, or to any other problem. i liked it Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Beret" was the main political analysis. 3/10
