While First Blood had original remote moments, at least parts were exciting. Rambo: First Blood, II. In part, it is worth mentioning in the comic books. Ease is completely rejected; nasal logic immersion; Stallone is definitely not possible to succeed in his role. Like any other action in that period (for example, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, II. The part eliminates its real illusion of possibilities, presenting a fearless hero. As you say before, Rambo will eliminate hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left of excitement? <br /> <br /> Jailed after John J Rambo (Sylvester's first movie). Stallone) will be pardoned with a secret operation in the Far East. It's 1985, and it's organized a mission to find out about American PoWs trapped in Vietnam's jungle. Rambo encourages Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna) to work on his old tutor, but the role of Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier) is the idea of ​​a government outfit. Do you see the Rambo's work going to the desert prison and with American PoWs? if not, it is to encounter the helicopter; If so, he will get photographic proofs of his existence so he can retrieve it later. He is a good soldier with local knowledge, he is looking for him, a beautiful and useful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Certainly it warns Rambo to put in the camp, but does he overcome his orders by recovering one of them? When he arrived at the meeting, the rescue explosion leaves the orders of Murdock and does not seem to have any effect on political and military implications. Rambo captures and tortures his enemies, but after an explosive getaway, PoW will release and murder Murdock treacherously. <br /> <br /> Some good points of the movie are Jack Cardiff. photography, Jerry Goldsmith's wonderful score, and the professionalism of the stunt team, to perform various action plays. Out of these sorties, the movie has failed. The actors are reduced to rebel positions, plots are fake. The sequences of actions are soulless and disturbed, is the conversation absurd? Although violence becomes a numbing that is predicted. When he was released, he was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan of America, who had a simplistic and close-hysterical feeling of communism. That's why today's audiences have stolen this Commie-Bashing Shooting Festival, as if it were the biggest movie of all time, making it an unplanned box office success. Fortunately times have they changed? Nowadays, we can act as a simple behavior with a high number of body masses, with a humble policy, and a playful hero.
