A rich adventurous adventure action, First Sanguine II. PART II. He regained the atmosphere of the United States in the mid-eighties, the right reaganism and the feelings that were not yet completed. Mosque Gorbachov Moscow's presence in the heart of Moscow would soon transform this type of film; even more, Reagan himself confirmed true experiences. <br /> <br /> In that regard, we can not thank Gorby, not for US disarmament agreements, nor for its glasnost policies, nor for its democracy support in Eastern European countries in the backyard of the Soviet Union. No, the end is to reduce the Cold War, madness and jingoist, such as war adventures. The first RAMBO film was almost perfect, although at least one of the lyrics was not suitable for literature and the sad little thriller. It was also the farthest one in this monitoring. Unexpectedly, the fool will fall immediately, the senses Rambo captures the Vietnamese and Russian troopers of single and stereo-detached strips, after the US POW rescue has been defeated by the Americans after ten years after the conflict has ended. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why Americans could have hit movies at the box office was fantasy, maybe they lost their war, but there was still an unfinished business, and a funny comic hero almost killed almost all the robots. visible red, with as many hardware as possible, as long as they are far away from wonderful ideas. <br /> <br /> This could have been enjoyed at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is very straightforward. It does not mean that there is no humor in the film. Unfortunately, they are all sorts of unwanted things. Act scenes, although technically sound, never think they are the least convincing or persuasive, because they are always spectacular. However, unbelievable contexts: Rambo is always our hero, always sharp (some cut and cancer aside here and there) explosives, grenades, guns, etc. though around him. <br /> <br /> Here in Mayhemen, there is a script there is the dullest clichés and banalities. Stallone wrote the script with James Cameron (it was far from the exciting TERMINATOR made in the previous year), he deliberately gave it to Rambo. As much as a person who speaks in an understandable English language, he only comes out with the moronal, almost as if he could only understand himself as his own brand of his pato. He thought he was thinking of his colleague again with Cameron Terminator. lead character! In this sense, the man seems less like Rambo Terminator. The rest of the cast makes it better for good actors, such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna, through an interview, and Steven Berkoff attacks himself with his Russian KGB / evil role of the Red Army. Berkoff's overweight is nice but not a distant threat. Why did Sly get Berkoff's electric shock to survive to kill more Red Commie climbers? Actually, credibility is never the strongest of this film. It is a fantastic work, comparable to OZIAREN AITOREA. At least, he was fantasy and became a classical immortal. This is just a classic. most sad, and indeed, offensive, kind. And under the terms of Sly's speech ... after all the people are dead, is there an hypocrite, right? By the way, the same year he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> Rating: 10 to 10.
