An endless movie that deserves a mere evaluation. The premise is very simple: a girl interested in Talmud wants to go to school. But he is allowed to learn only for boys, so he decides to get himself dressed as a kid after the death of his father. With Abigdor, that is, he will marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadassen's family has known that Avigdor's brother has committed suicide, and is called marriage. Yentl, now called Anschel, is chosen to marry Hadass. He has done it, but never gets it done. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor spent a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret. The movie is back with Avigdor (and marrying) and Yentl continues to travel to America to continue his studies, but he must continue to be disguised. <br /> <br /> The beginning of the top line seems interesting. For more than 2 hours a movie, but a lot of things are damaged. For beginners, there's a continuous KANTUA. (I already listen to critics). Yes, I know this music, so I think there must be a lot of songs and dancing. But the movie can be improved without directing and reproducing. The songs are a bit boring, and there's not much dancing expected. Many songs are unforgettable, the lyrics are not truly memorable, and those who have any meaning can easily be replaced by voice. In the rest there is only one song, "Papa Can Hear Hear Me". Evidently, Streisand has been deliberately involved in all others, it can have a reason to show his voice skills every five or ten minutes. Anyone who watches this movie already knows what is an excellent actress and singer, so the songs are not necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's make-up, when seen in the male scene (lipsticks, sensations, and blush traces are obvious), the audience believe in Yentl. Anschel's character, who is really serious, believes that his new friends, colleagues and Hadass deceive him as a man. However, we ask and expect this to be the same. It seems that there is a contradiction, because it thinks the character speaks or, in other words, is singing, but being surprised that everyone is fooled by wearing men's outfits. This means that the other characters think they are so naive that they believe that other differences, such as their actions, are clear donations. Facial differences can not be included, other characters in the film that their relatives or friends do not have a beard or facial hair. However, in the 1900s, a woman dressed as a man, but wearing a make-up as Streisand's characters, tried to go through only a man's clothes, it would be unacceptable and caused. outrage He certainly had to leave the country or even the country. That's why Streisand's "women's makeup" does not give credibility to the character, and weakens the plot. If Streisand was only applied to make it look more beautiful, it would have to be broken up. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschele himself reveals who is at the end of the day, then other characters are not as intelligent as Streisand and only learn "truth". they become a bit more wise. Now, it is becoming increasingly apparent that the whole plot is only a custom vehicle for Streisand. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are also Streisand fans. who does not find any mistake with this film, with his plot or songs. I respect that I agree. Even though I have great voice and drama capabilities, I'm not the fan of the style of her song. However, I have had many other musical features. Although there are some songs that are liked, so I'm not "hateful" and I do not want to push. I have written this review from an honest perspective, not only seeing this movie, but also attempting to try and sometimes report problems. If Streisand was interested in creating a big or credible movie, without having to show it here, he proved talent, beauty and intelligence at almost every turn. As this film undermines its abilities, it absorbs itself, and thus, the film does not strive for its enthusiasts and viewers.
