Michael Williams, who works for BBC, finds a spectacular Italian image, DIABOLICAL ART: DOCUMENTARY. Emily, the mysterious death of her wife, when Emily was emotionally disturbed, goes to Spoleto, where she is a problematic image with her and her nanny, Jill. And the countess is also a psychic, and informs her that the night she was executing a young witch named Emilia. Michael Strogoff does not believe his story, but Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill dies ... This Italian film, of course, EXORCIST reflects almost innocent, but this is much cheaper, much easier and more meaningful , much less. First of all, it must be said that this film is confusing. For example, the story is Emily's Emily revival. But when he sees Emily looking back, he only perceives it from the third person's point of view. If Emilia's reincarnation is to be past, she must only see Emilia's point of view. The film has a lot of disorientation, which is almost exclusively a cowardly film, more ambivalent, to determine its almost Freudian problem, which is based on a serious problem in the determination of adolescents' pretext. . Worse, this film also has serious problems (if not confusion); All the characters are naive and protective of being real beings and / or credible. Regarding Emily (or Emilia), she is after a child, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her, especially because of her nature and disability. (And according to the Freudian theory, every girl wants to be her father's children, in this sense, Emily is not only pathological, so that other women are only pathologically excluded from their father's love.) As I mentioned earlier, this movie is a cowardly It's no problem for Freudiar.) The problem is that Emily's elderly person is a baby, naive and protective. And as a result of this weakness, the psychic who can see almost everything can not do anything to the ground, and as a result of the same weakness, the story of the film ends in a fatal way. In addition, the special effects of this film are very cheap and hilarious. Although Stelvio Cipriano's music is beautifully beautiful (indeed, this is just as good as it deserves), the whole film is just a cheap B-movie, which can even be dismantled in the 1970s - is a horror ... for movie lovers.
