MTV style group, produced by American television program Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), its camera, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfers called 'dude', Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West). a beautiful island that is somewhere, is not really where it is revealed. The crew will announce the 'bloodsurfing' session, which is the latest in terms of extreme sports. Surfers blur in the sea and show sharks to show themselves. There, Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa) are greeted. Search for perfect location leads to Lilo-Cay shark waters infested. Sonny, Melba and her daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them to their boat. Soon after they arrived, they already filmed "bloodsurfing" footage Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are all 30-foot-and-sea crocodiles claiming that the "owner" died on the island. The ship is sinking. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy have been stuck on the island until they reach a rescue party. However, after running some, I do not know what it is. Pirates? Drug-smugglers? Revolutionairies? People who like ugly people do not like ugly people Who knows? And what's more important to look after? I'm not sure. In any case, after escaping among those who look like pirates, John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and Captain Arty (Taryn Reif Tara Reif) are on the shore coast of the island. The film crew think they have been saved. They do not know that crocodiles and captains have returned Dirks and they have a score and four team members are not paralyzed. Dirks Captain returns to Lilo-Cay with a huge crocodile eating man. <br /> <br /> James D.R. Hickox is a horrible movie, but it's not so bad that Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie is horrible. Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy's screenplay are awful because it's very slow because the crocodile is not seen before the 30-minute mark, and I was so serious and bored, and unbelievable characters thought by Bernard and himself. Levy. The entire film can also be predicted, in addition to the stereotypes and characters of horror films in 10 minutes, who will die and who will survive. The crocodile effect is horrible and seems repeated, of course, there is a puppet head and, of course, the movements of someone inside the arms control the movement when water becomes a dump! Crocodile's CGI shots are pretty shameless. When the character CGI uses an actor to divide a person's digitally removed body, there is nobody. There is also a short scene when somebody gets into a wooden nail when they get a trap. There are reasons for the amount of sex and the sex, and the actress is nice and easy on the eye. The film is also a fundamental tracking and logical mistake. In a sequence, Cecily is shooting Bog and Jeremy 'bloodsurfing, but with an angle and distance, it will be physically impossible to get the footage of sharks and surfer. In time, and surely that's the whole point of his shot? When the Dirks crocodile collapses, the wire angle changes dramatically from one plane, it looks like the angle of the line is coming from the sky, it seems that the angle is completely different from the movie and the line is completely different. It comes under the surface of the water, precisely that the harpoon is attached to the back of the ship and the line must be almost level with the surface. I could continue, why does the crocodile jump across the edge of the cliff if it tries to get this intelligent movie out? But I would probably exceed a limit of 1000 words if I have listed everything wrong with that movie, so I'm not. I hated this movie, but in fact, it's not so bad that Tobe Hoopers strives for a huge crocodile film. Certainly, it must be avoided.
