There are several versions of this on your mobile, so make sure you retrieve copies; Otherwise, there are some gores and a nudity scene. Some versions also open most of the opening sequences and other bits. I saw this cut WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS screen, and it was released by Shriek Show, which maintains the original DVD version of WITCHERY. It's a pretty image and there seems to be a whole lot of material, but it has some aspect ratio issues. In Italy, LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT) was released. LA CASA's first two publications were, in fact, the first film EVIL DEAD (retitled) and the third film company LA CASA (Filmirage), known in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY was also released as GOSTHOUSE 2. Except for Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 was really OGRE: DEMONS 3. Now, I just got closer now. I blend myself! <br /> <br /> Whatever the title, horror is a very successful effort. Some are good, some are not. This movie started in the first or the middle, but eventually it became a nonsense. There is a big, empty hotel in an island located 50 km from Boston. We can detect several people, such as a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Gary (David Hasselhoff) wants to capture her "Witch Light" and her virgin writer's girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who is studying witchcraft, is authorizing her at the hotel. At the same time, Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) real estate agent comes up with Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) property of Brooks potential buyers. Labeling is also their children; Jane (Linda Blair), a pregnant daughter, and a very young son of Tommy (Michael Manchester), and an architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife). When each one is inside, the boat driver dies (stuck) and the ship disappears, so they are trapped and, above all, in the hands of "Black Lady". <br /> <br /> What can you expect to find here? Very unpleasant! A character closes her lips and then hangs in front of the fireplace and the other pieces suddenly slow down. There is also a crucifixion, a witch eats a dead baby, a swordfish, someone who burns, owns a Sesame Street recorder, a virgin who ravages a demon, raises the veins of the boy and bursts voodoo dolls and other things. From a technical point of view, it is a nice movie with a good movie, a decent score and good effects. Hotel / island setting is also nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross both seem to be doing well and Knef is just as bad witch. Although they are currently considered wrong by Hasselhoff, it is not a bad act. <br /> <br /> Once at the bottom, despite all the rude ones, the movie is somewhat sad and it gets an average monotonous one hour. . The supernatural themes are confusing and confusing. When the characters are entering and capturing tortoises at the witchcraft, they decided that the screaming agents suddenly decided to overcome the sharp appearance of the whirlwind of the whirling body. And witchcraft is not empty and is designed with an endless tool. Although most of the cast seem decent at least, some of the spectacles (especially Hasselhoff's girlfriend and the "actress" who plays the baby) are so poorly watched.
