Let's put it apart from political correctness and we will analyze many sex-related comedies in the 80's, I believe that nobody is worse off than anyone else. If you do not see such a stupid movie such as a kook or a wicked wife, you'll get to work on the content altogether and, therefore, I felt totally painful about it and see it before. Story is a great 15-year-old boy from New Mexico, Albuquerque, Phillip, Philly, Fillmore (Eric Brown), and begins an attractive maid for his father's job. <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly to Philly, but things get hot when her father starts business and begins to start her. She invited her in the bedroom to see her clothes. Philly is wrong and she does not know how to react first, but soon she looks like it has sex, but it seems that she is dead rather than being afraid of Nicole. With the help of Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), he apparently buried his body, but a note of a singer has appeared and Philly must get 10,000 dollars from his father's safety. Philly is surprised when Nicole appeared and was an extortion plan created by Lester, and she went with her to study alone, because she was a foreigner, and Lester had not said anything. immigration office They returned together to pay for father's money before returning home and Jack (Ed Begley Jr.) receives help from tennis coach, but Lester wants to scare police. <br /> <br /> This was a small comedy of less than $ 3 million, but won over 50 million dollars worldwide and it was one of the few films that could be so successful at that time and he wondered why it was a success and not another. nobody genre Alan Myerson has said he has made a successful movie, but he's never really been in the movies, even though he's been a big hit on television. So ... why has this been successful? I can think of Kristel, and I am mad at having heard my reasoning. Kristel was an international star for her core software, so the only reason many thought adult free adults were strangely obsessed in seeing an unbelievable American movie. In this way, adults will be amazed by the fantastic ways to teach them more nostalgic about their youngsters and more attractive love, which is surely still more inexperienced and much younger audience with curious about the movie. However, this is my thinking and I would like to hear someone else's reason, but once again the movie has appeared (and very sadly) such films would surely never have to be done again (except in Europe) for religions. The other misfortunes of misfortune that may be attached to the right and a minor's youth can not be harmed. In reality, ALL LIVES are going to pray for the service! The movie is awkward and Kristel's double body is evident in some scenes, especially if you take into account the differences in its nipples. This story (although it is basic, it's not very funny) is not very funny or revealing, so the genre's nudity scene was not left.
