Well, just as I expected: overload of the visual but nothing else added. However, I was surprised that the story had changed quite a bit from the 1968 movie. Initially, it sparked my interest, but in the end I was surprised to think of the rotation and new turns (a) to present a typical Hollywood product and (b) the whole storyline! The story of 1968 was surprisingly accurate, and it did not have a mood or a mishap of such a defect: he said, after a long trip, home-grown things have changed a bit. The earth is likely to fall into the hands of monkeys. Like old movies, the main component was the rumor (hell, is it one of these days that word is understood?). In Burton's film, an attempt has been made to make the whole thing a movie, but how much does it cost? Without a doubt, the images are overwhelming, and time and money have been set to design a whole monkey culture (even monkey music!), But what about it? <br /> <br /> First of all, the suspension credibility is very hard, since the monkeys have many Hollywood human traits. Especially I mean Ari and the slave trader. These features include irony, sarcasm and obvious "subtle" emotions. You realize that monkeys are essential to the stars. <br /> <br /> Secondly, humans speak. Of course, we might think that humans would never speak of it, but monkeys spoke and men did not notice the monkey / human role in the 1968 version. Charlton Heston's throat is essential for his survival, and later he has regained his uniqueness and interest for Dr. Zira's own interest. to explain things. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, since Davidson's capital Davidson plays Hollywood, the ads are being talked with much talk, but the new movie is a necessary tour. save everything-everything-world-and-be-good-end-everyone-and-yet-do-to-the-lounge-bar-a-cool-diet-coke characters. Oh, my God, have they never learned? I started again at the beginning when there was only one lost character! They needed a hero! Scriptwriters are still reasoning: we need a guy ... so why would a man lose ... a lightning strain from an electromagnetic storm ... impossible! But it is necessary because the research is respectful! Since it is correct in modern and political times, we can not have a xenophobe loop on the screen as Charlene Heston's 68 characters, loose on the screen: let's take a bubble version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, he agrees, the general evolution of the modern version of the 1968 'find the truth' of the original film (he finds his mother's ship had fallen into the planet for some time now and their laboratories developed their own society, where Heston simply found it, in some way ., while the monkeys went to the ground while away) it does well. It is against the second conflict. This is because the film has added the first two films of Apes. Nice, but the ice cream that you feel about Davidson and you on the planet is always cleansed due to the unequal battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: end! Chrissakes, who was born? (a) Does Davidson block his co-operative twice, even though it seems absurd, as long as the chimpanzee penetrates well? Forward, who would believe? If the spots are small spaceships (Davidson simply enters space), and not just fleeing the ships, at least once he would manage secure landing, right? And about that end ???? I mean, it was clear in the original movie that everything happened on earth. But here: the whole movie is made on a distant planet, and suddenly it's the same thing (the Thade statue) is the monkeys' culture on the ground? How are you? Did the monkeys of the remote planet have been technologically developed, in time of storms and colonized territory before Davidson's mission began? Why worship Thade? This foolish stupid fool. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is just as beautiful and adorable as the monkey, but I did not expect much anymore. I preferred a stick like Estea Warren over Estella, but maybe I got some loose wire in my head. However, Simson's Thade (wonderful!) And the monkey at Ari's house (general, but I forgot my name) were synonymous with convincing. <br /> <br /> Nonono, there may be many things and they should be. It has been added or changed to the pic of 1968, but not in the plot, at least that is not the case. It was simple and lightweight and needed no additional explanation. He spoke fluently and was caricatured. Not stylized ...
