This movie played a completely forgotten star in the 1930s, Jack Pearl (on the radio "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, Three Stooges is being billed as a film, as they are only in the film that they know today. The fanatics will also meet the great Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> Regarding Stooges, this is a very early film. Beforehand with what MGM did the interaction. team At this point they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges", before Healy was there. Fortunately for Stooges, they soon left this wicked man, but rather the wicked one (read - I'll tell you) and the rest is history. In a one-year period Columbia's full-fledged shorts were being made and MGM's directors soon lost their team. This thing was common in MGM with comedy (something that Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others) did not know what he learned. Actually, until they went to Columbia, MGM put together many strangers as Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, oddly enough, they did not act as a group in this movie; In fact, they made different collaborators, such as playing Larry's piano! <br /> <br /> This particular movie starts with Pearl and Durant. African rainforest When they are recovered and taken home, the whole structure of the film falls and the film becomes like a variety show; Scenes are rated here and there. As for Pearl, I've really seen why he has never had a successful movie transition, he has the personality of a slug (but a bit less welcome). Durante, I never knew what people saw - just like his films - he was loud ... loud! Apparently, it took some time for MGM to make the trip to Buster Keaton's ruin. Together, Pearl and Durante's verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville style habits are quite flat. <br /> <br /> In this movie, The Stooges still did not have the right chemistry. Healy's work on Moe's latest film is rare. He was quite good at the movie, but as all the segments were short, the cameras were quick and quick to get in. Stooges fans would be very frustrated for them to see hard-hitting fans who plan to complete Stooge's entire life goals - even Joe DeRita and Joe Besser rotten movies (and they did after Shemp and Curly's death It was worse than that. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is dull and disappointing, but it seems that there are interesting things in it: about a 13-minute mark, you will see a short scene that sings a guide on a bus. this is, no doubt, hope you do not have a mission Walter Brennan. in the film you want to search other than a strange thing, "clean as a whistle," song of 22 minutes will begin. songs and dances this number clearly "Pre-Code", the scene example It is one that has not been allowed in films since 1934 (when the production code was strengthened), although the title is "clean", it is a very beautiful number, the naked woman shows me a lot of flesh uena - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show. This is a very emotional view of today, although these abuses were quite common in the early 1930's. Finally, in 63 minutes, check Jimmy Durante's race relationship for decades. See the movie, I mean!
