If you take care of your child, make sure that they do not live next to a cemetery. Especially with the habit of painting the child's images and disappearing at night in the tombs to see his friends. But our long-haired hero, who does not know all the signs, finds himself in Norton's family, that is, a strict father and an elder brother, who becomes a love affair for our young lovers. Outside it is much more dramatic than the zombie bands, when the lips are not moving and the words tend to speak even when they are not moving in their mouths. However, many of them ... are sacrificing domestic animals, old women are torn and the orchestra does not close any scene, even if it is quiet. Oh, and the editor has spent a day in the movie following the drones. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better for everyone involved to breathe, with the smell of what they were exploiting. and go to AWOL. Yes, I know it's difficult to get into movies that are hard-working days, but that point will not be in your curriculum. It would be as if it were an alleged farm training that disturbs the pants. One of the most exciting Laurel Barnett films, and almost no evil character of Rosalie Cole's non-charismatic children (the next Dakota Fanning is not) makes meandering just until she's padded. We get what's happening to the Klimaxera. <br /> <br /> These kill five or six members of the dead who barred our heroes who are totally forbidden, while protecting their rough one from these sleeves. a shell shotgun and everything that hands him. But after a minute ... they were in the car beforehand and they accidentally found that these creatures infected the horn. So where are you safe? No, of course, there is no escape from this abandoned building in the center of anybody, so a block can prove how hard the girl may be as a girl. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It does not end, stops grinding. The main character will return to the coated covered with blood-stained blood, as if it were a terrible thing. But, dear to the viewer, something terrible happened. You only have to sit through one of the most horrifying and boring horror movies you will ever see and you will never lose your 82-minute life. Think ... from now on your month, hours and 22 minutes, what would you do to spend more time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Do not make the same mistake: (2/10
