A little girl lives with her father and brother in the countryside. This little girl, Rosalie, has some psychotic tendencies, the film has zipper with some creatures of cemeteries, and she recently lost her mother's madness but lived all night long while in the woods. The film's premise has a new lady who will come to Rosalie to look after her. He is misunderstood in the forest of Gudule and, imagining the suspense here, he experiments a large blue cannon that falls on a cliff to stop his car. From there he goes to the nearest home and he meets Mrs. Whitfield, and then tells Rosalie about her family. Mrs. Whitfield's reasoning of nature must be believed. The young woman comes across her child and we soon know that it is strange, but all the movies are also very curious. Everyone does not share a thing that they hear from a performance school. None of these people are allowed to act; Since some of these films show up before and when all of the vehicles appeared, they all have little idea of ​​what happens, they pause to remember the lines and they all have. the belief of a paper bag. The director walks through the material with what is supposed to grow with terrific piano music in frightening things. It will take us a while to get some friends to murder a couple of times, but it did not matter. The killings are not even convincing, and in truth, the whole movie shows up somebody together with the friends of his friend's farm and the things that are there. All that has been said, although we have endless awful aspects, why is Rosalie why or even more important, a being that is a cheap mask. The cheap does not describe the budget here too. Basically, the old farmhouse pairs and the final covers are, of course, forests. Someone also gave the manager old cars. There is no special effect and the least make-up. There are several moments or ridiculous things to be listed, but I will list here a few, at least, as a result of the lack of competence of the competences involved: 1) Check out the body of the gardener after "island". Len has seen him die and die and his belly will live fat. 2) At the end of the scene, the actress Rosalie is considered dead. Apparently he is listening and seems to kill his sweet time, according to the method. 3) What happens when Roaslie's father is playing Andy Griffith, a poor man. The scene that laughed at the young researchers was strange. The baby is a very bad movie, and it is very bad for 70's standard cheeses. This is not a B movie, but it is with a Z film that is almost without money from the producer Harry Novak.
