This was one of those films that was originally played at the beginning of the 1970s, usually in "4am film" or only once at 7:30 a "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another in the Creature Double Feature. .Wh were local movies, most of them currently running for commercials, were at the time. Russian Russell Abbott and Costello (Soldiers of Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are sent to maneuvering in the field maneuvers for rare radiation and will end. extraterrestrial They will first enter the Bronson Canyon after Batman's famous Batcave and find the remains of a dead "carrot monster." Later, in the cave, a carrot-eating animal follows it; In particular, it has a guy with black suit and muffled cap, with sparkling things and ping-pong eyes. Two of them are woken up by geeks, Ray and Ball, and woke up in the tables, and they are "analyzing" the amazons of space-Dr. Poona (nooo kidding!) And the Tanga instructor who is surprisingly beautiful and even worse with their skimpy "uniforms" of bikini. At that time we were young, which would later describe this scene for "scale" and "scale" and "scale". In both cases and their carrot monsters are stuck on the ground with a well-concealed ship and they are trying to return to their world <br /> <br /> The movie is made completely as a comedy, but remembered it was at that time Eric Von Zipper and his Frankie and Annette's film crews were at the B-movie, a temporary comedy. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I thought I first saw this movie before I thought. No, I really saw it. And when it was "restored" on the DVD, it was certified in my memory. Comedies are heavy and strange, but whatever. The quote does not exist, that is, a little miracle when you think about it, even though we can talk about a "recover" version and 40 years later. Earnings are girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and the results are all geeks, we were all ... they won girls and love. It's horny and nonsensical, and in terms of positioning, it has a nostalgic importance.
