Syriana criticized the release of the critics and everything seemed like everything. I think that it is one of those films with an intelligent life ... I think it's so intelligent that we should be well understood in the oil industry and a fascinating political intelligence. I do not seem to be unintelligible, I've learned in politics from the beginning of teens and I'm enjoying a smart movie, but most of it is not that the documentary's films should be entertaining and having a message. Syria was trying to be intelligent sharp and away from some people. I would even go further for courageous people around them and believe that those who say that are deceived are unaware that they think they look better. This film has long been a confusing, nonsensical, and foolish idea ... Especially with good reviews, Oscar's heads and cast. Scriptwriter Stephen Gaghan was disappointed again. His terrific writing Havoce started the previous movie and I think it's hard enough. I can not believe Da Vinci Code was offered the opportunity to write the script. In addition, Gaghan directed the film, which turned it into a confusing one. I did not know who he was, why things were happening, who he was and what he was. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> I do not know who anyone is, because I only thought about the actors and their performances, because, despite the complicated complication, the actors did well. George Clooney C.I.A. I think it's a field agent and killer? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my favorite, but at the end he has made some decent performances, which, meanwhile, seemed to be quite a good performance. Barnes was a complex character with a deaf story, and if what was going on with him, I would really like his character. Matt Damon plays with Bryan Woodman and is not gentle, and always looks like a deer, when he lights up and mixes with his head. Amanda Peet plays a wife and works well on stage. Christopher Plummer makes a splendid appearance as someone is doing something. I like Plummer and I love seeing it appear, even if it does not know how to bill. <br /> <br /> It's an intense cast if the story only makes sense. I would like to mention the description of the plot on the IMDb. "A missile will disappear in Iran, but the CIA has other issues: the successor of an emirate joins the oil contract in China, joins a US firm with its immigrant workers, a United States company and a small company that has won a petroleum contract in Kazakhstan. He is suspected of exonerating the Department's exemption and has been deprived of the oil company's law firm, the CIA also needs a plot of emir when he fails. Bob Barnes falls into the double cross, the economist reports his death to the Sheikhtar's contract for the CIA to kill him. They get together with the fundamentalist, all roads begin in the oil fields and end up. "WHAT DOES?" Tell who now? Syriana might be a man who thinks, but he tears me and I did not try to stop him. I spent an hour and a half and turned off. end it. I think, if you do not want to see it, if you do not want to see it, I promise you that someone who is looking for entertainment or a nice movie will sleep. 1/10
