Wha-BAM! Someone probably took an acid truck with a mushroom truck and then wrote this crazy excuse for this scriptwriter! Howard Cohen opens the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a couple of S add-ons, Sex, Silliness, (more) Sexual and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, that is, the dreams and fantasies of each pervive youth become true. "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, mud tests, rape trials, successful rapes, life-size pigs (!), Terrific hairstyles, hidden oil muscles, multi-faces, gay battles. death, wonderful witchcraft, dismemberment, criminals and hilarious, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" will literally clear the floor as the role model "Conan: The Barbarian" is evident, in terms of youth and tremendous vibration. This story, of course, is of little importance. Unique and gay (he does not know yet) Warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, according to the wicked witch's promise, to collect three creative elements? or something like that. In the journey he combines his strength with a troll-turned-human, a warrior even more gay than himself, and - at last, but not least, the great support of the Brazilian women concept seems to be a great lady. They eventually engage in Munkar's evil kingdom, they will participate in a wrestling tournament and conquer less than three to two items. Munkar is bald, half-spider half-tattooed on his head, and the richest oil-rich harem would make Sheik jealous. Well, the movie "Deathstalker" is quite cunning and sometimes even unbearable. Wrestling sequences are crazy and the costumes and make-up effects are absolutely wonderful. For a moment, seeing the initial sequence, I was afraid that I was seeing "Troll; Prequel". Monsters are very bad and they are very opposed as threatening, but being entertained is undeniable if you are in a moody mood. I think this is not a favorite among feminists because the overall feminine portrait is discriminatory. Most gals are usually eye candy in it. Look naked on the ground and play in mud, but opening your mouth is prohibited. Both "main" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are superb, but - honestly - if they were not constantly in the parking lots, they would not be mentioned.
