I was looking for the video of Bart Hollywood last night, with a friend who wanted to find a good horror movie that looks good at the weekend of the year. When I was looking through the shelves, "Severed" looked at my eye, and it seemed to be a decent movie horror movie that I took out of the shelf. The skin was pretty good. The land seemed semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake Do not be fooled by the cover, it looks really decent. I think spending more money on coating than the movie itself. The movie "The Head Hunter", a series of murderers in the series, has followed a two-year bout of voodoo-inspired police, who declares the victims to the left and right, an unnamed city (probably Los Angeles), and will enter into their world. ritual murder. <br /> <br /> Is the story really good? Well, that is, and this movie could not be in the middle. But the good God, it was bad! Almost everything was unfamiliar. Inauguration scene featuring some redheaded auto actors trying to talk with a restored old phone, and for whatever reason, speaks with a guy and away. Then a shadow will appear behind him, his head cut and the girl starts to crash and crawl (unreasonably) trying to mark 911. Yes, you bet. The whole movie seems to have shot in a quality VHS camera, which I suppose. The operation was tremendous especially, and the special effects were incredible. And the police on the phone were awesome scenes - the other line's voice was echoing and someone was recorded in the bathroom. Everything about this movie was amateur and boring, and I was not interested in too much, and I often get bored and tired, especially because of the bad performance and great cinema. It was a bad step. Everything was bad. <br /> <br /> In general, "Severed" is a mere attempt to make a decent B-movie. The land was good and I think they have a better budget for managing this movie and have a better budget. This movie fell on his face. It seems that if you are half-decent, you will be very disappointed. Only if you accept d-level horror movies is recommended. Otherwise, surely, you can stay away from this direct garbage. He had little potential, but he was beyond a mess. 1/10.
