Seeing a bad movie, if we can see that most of the stuff is mixed up, this is what experienced filmmakers should know better. This "re-imagining" of Planet of the Apes can use imagination without mentioning key elements of the character's development. Nova, the original Planet Apes's little girl, was a better-developed character in this version of Daena, because she does not say a single word. Without a doubt, Tim Burton hoped much better, a man who, combined with visual imagination, had combined with intelligence, intelligence, and humor, were not completely out of this production. <br /> <br /> There were basic problems. plot development The first mistake was to speak to humans. This was a fundamental difference between the difference between the original film and all * of them. While he was a mutual being, his ability to communicate was that Heston Taylor was different from other humans. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg (speaker) encourages slaves to rebellion, but there is no reason to revolutionize and regain their emancipation. They are a skillful user tool and they have a capacity for communication to create plans, something that man can not mute. He needs a man who can not fall from the stars. In fact, it comes from technological civilization and in its pre-technological era (without first aiding it), Wahlberg must be disadvantaged, not human beings. <br /> <br /> It was sad to work Helena Bonham Carter so hard that Mark Wahlberg created a kind of spark between himself and the brick brick. His best scenes were with Tim Roth's evildoer. <br /> <br /> Men were almost ignored until they were needed in the third ceremony. In it, Daena Davidson (Wahlberg) and the interest of a young man. Boy suddenly changed a part of the back of a boy, a gung-ha for freedom fighters. The character was developed. (He looked that Lizarra Warren was able to be much more than she was in the script, especially). Wahlberg, in the end, was definitely sharing the rock that people perceive by humans, and it hardly interacted with human beings. Make-up was great for men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has very expressive eyes (which is why he was so good at The Green Mile) and gave him the chance to use makeup design completely. But the women of the monkeys were apparently not on the ground, nor by lightning or by humans. Approximately the flashes of monkeys like Flash Gordon's rocket were just as realistic as they were jumping from the monkeys as if they were cast by catapults, they did not have the true graces of monkeys. Secondly, mixing poor sound - some rocks that are clearly dubbed, probably feline, ridiculous and realistic, will be sound. Lightning is managed like a light relief and they say ("I did not like it I never knew what I ever dreamed of." "Let's see, human beings!"). Here, the monkeys XXI. Things like people of the century speak, and there is no humor. Actually, the only original idea was writing with his feet. <br /> <br /> I did not do anything more than just finished in Starbeck's "V-Ger Star" movie. First and foremost, monkeys were able to read distant Ancient Roman letters apparently, partly hidden by the name of the prohibited field. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that names this name, only Wahlberg covers, which any monkey could have done for a long time. At this time, for me, the end of the movie was much worse than the worse one. <br /> <br /> These things of nature, however, are one of today's science fiction films. In the 60s and 70s, in general, they did not have the budget to create conventional futuristic sets, but they were devised as fictional science themes and ideas. I think in 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1967 Planet of the Apes, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and 1972 Solaris. The First Apesen Planet also used the only possible scientifically valid and physically possible way to travel in time. However, this film introduces all the bad science fiction in all the clichés: space storms, anomalies and worms directly in Star Trek; The planets of the solar system and the seemingly all-moon clouds are visible together as a large globe (indeed, from any planet, all the other organs, even their moon, are only a few points of light); Saturn and the shuttle of a rocket that travels a few minutes from the ground; Two thousand year old equipment up and down when the button is pressed and the hero is fully operational. Do not say the interior glass door comfortably. In a current setting, why you should prove * bullet, but you do not need "science fiction"! - Burton's totally depressing films.
