I want to have more films for two hours. On the other hand, I want the American Civil War film two hours longer. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - I expect the length; although they lasted at least two hours; and while "Gettysburg" lasted, while things lasted on him. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Ang Lee's film has no effect. It feels like it is less than two hours. That was not wonderful. There really is no other sense of lack of senses: it feels like it will end up in the same time, it seems to have not taken all the time. <br /> <br /> The movie is wrong. On foot, Lee makes his final credits, when he exceeds the initial footage (a bad mistake), we condescend to the characters that we immediately like and later condemn. The main center is Jake, the son of German immigrants who are supportive of Lincoln, and Jack, a similar Southerner and Jake. (I had to read this phrase again, when I wrote "Jake" I did not write on behalf of "Jake" or vice versa, both of which became "bushwhackers", because they can not get into retaliation and violence in the southern army officer, what I think is what they think. I'm afraid I've lost Lee there. Mindfulness is a feeling for people who make moral mistakes: if we feel like we have independent reasons, or if we feel like them, then they will help them to take care of their moral defects, not here, for at least one hour for Jake When it comes to getting into it, it is clear that a man is not a gummy, because he is not confessed, a type of person who speaks and practices, whose psychology is completely abusive. People who meet together are wrong or the same in an interesting way I was applauded when the cavalry of the North appeared on the screen. I thought: o well - kill the rebels to finish the damned war, return home. Leave a huge conversation that is serious about this problem. Everyone speaks of the same strange southern accent. I've heard the accents around the English speaking world, and this is the worst of all. I do not like the fact that the people of the South have really talked this way, it's just not a question of listening to the audience for two hours. And believe me, we hear it for two whole hours: Lee's image is a talky, largely because the characters take so long what they mean, for example, three times, folksy drawl. It would help them talk faster, but not much. Can not find a more effective language for communicating people? <br /> <br /> In short: the movie is a little, but it is a gallery of characters that are not very intimate in life, in a reactive and blind way. The conference often does not bathe, although interest does not occur, even though they participate in a war. Good points It looked like jewelery, and also the landscape. But I have complaints here too. Cinematography, very well positioned, seemed like mistakes and whites had taken to the cinema in color. And in regards to Jewel, we are worried about his body, but we never look at it at all, that is, we think we owe at least.
