** SPOILERS ** This was a ugly film, and I felt I saw it. Just like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, it's mostly edited or missing. The director was so much in love with the work, instead of cutting the film down, it added the footage that he shot together. The whole scene of the two cool scenes may be. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and when the camera starts to rotate around it. That was cool - but okay, we got it! Move please! The camera does not rotate around this guy! Perhaps I was forgotten by many cool scenes or more in this mediocrity flood, but the last duel scene is not one of them! Perhaps as opposed to the scene of manipulating swords earlier, Shanao is not hidden - but the director found that Asano Tadanobu did not seem to find a tactical actor in the 80's and 80% of the swords fighting near the sword! And I can add them all from the same angle. The director has been studying the 1995 American bullet-train ninja movie The Hunted! I personally saw the popular raid scene as a homage to previous-generation social entrepreneurs against the police in their violent demonstrations at university. The innocence of the Governing and Governing Governments seems to be a common message in the media of Japan, due to the strong influence of socialist and communist minorities. GTO and Salario Man Kintaro's latest movie versions are: END SPOILER * I do not understand. I do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film finds this commendable material. Perhaps the worst translation is lost. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - when he played a lot of marketing, it is another interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benke. But this legend is not very popular in Japanese folklore, and is distinguished by current issues, with more than 138 minutes of visual techniques, who looks after the director as he wants to reinterpret the story! Sasaki Hirohisa, the director of Crazy Lips, has said that Japanese new directors have made unpleasant attempts to discourage Japanese audiences, and that films have been directed to foreign film festivals - to gain international prestige. This works, though it does not make sense, because we want to present the international film festival in the world where it's made in other parts of the world - in which films WATCH IN THESE COUNTRIES. No doubt, no Gojoe and the like.
