Well, where did you start? I think we can start with the general complaint about marketing this movie. I do not know because they do not know the Schneebaumen book because they do not know how to watch the documentary and have decided that I live under a certain rock, but you do not blame this movie. The title and description in the box does not notice that "documentary" is a friend of that book. Yes, I felt stupid, as I saw this small film, I saw why I first saw the "Cannibal Tale Modern" at the service. I mean, I am absurd that this movie is really awaiting a copy of his story on the behavior of cannibalism jungle tribes? Without a doubt, I did not wait for an hour and forty-five minutes to kiss his mother, screaming about all the little details of his life and the annoying story. Certainly, I did not expect a curious correctness, and the most remarkable I did not laugh so hard at Tobias Schneebaum and all his glorious glory. Schneebaum is impossible. The old man listens to and casts the whole picture, although the whole picture makes his personal story, even if it's not an interesting character to fill a story. Really Was it a Kanibal? Ninety percent of the film is not dirty in Schneebaumen past. When we see some of the actions of the canyon, Tobias will eventually receive a slight silent treatment of what happened to what happened in Peru and when he said "a little piece". That's it, people. The bull of fifty minutes later and the Tobias Schneebaum cannibale is three inches. It's just like calling the movie "True Don Juan Life" because the protagonist of this film starred in a sex that only happened to be seen in the university as "the only child". Disbelief <br /> <br /> Excellent management is terribly terrifying, because there is a flow or pace that is not a story that is being said. Well, I understand that I did not read the Schneebaumen's volume before looking at the story of its celluloid, but I still accept bad posts and worse issues. A minute ago Schneebaum talks about how cruise ships and tourism are driving and the next, and then goes on talking about a relative death of his life or a misery and misery of his saga. I mean, Jesus, he could throw the back story to at least the first part; Keep some things that cover her homosexuality, and then finish an excellent look at visiting Peru? Similarly, I do not care about Schneebau's little life and little life, but at least I ask the old man to be vigilant with his revelations. If a man likes to live a lifestyle in the jungle, I do not expect to suddenly die and thirty minutes later to return home. Nonsense <br /> <br /> Another note on management is the random clips for television appearances that our heroine has shown. Even though some would like to break the story, the director used too much abuse and tried to make the most of telling the story of the actors in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Here, Tobias Schneebaum is a scam. Pure and simple I know I have not read the book, but it is still worth mentioning that this short film is useless, considering that a good movie should be on its own. This documentary focuses much more on the spectator's work than Schneebaumen, and is based on this supposition as a complementary disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is an outcast and hateful, and he plays a bitter combination because his story is angry. If you are looking for a good piece of human beings and cannibalism, turn it into "Keep your river to your right" because it is ridiculous and ridiculous for more than one man dressed in costumes. gag
