Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy (separately) featured a feature film until they finally got together. For Ollie Ollie, he bounces on Babe Hardy's screen ... and during his adult life, Hardy knew his 'Babe' with his friends. After the war, Britain ran across Laurel at Bernard Delfont's music hall, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe. Here, he explained the origins of his nickname: his active career at the beginning, Hardy achieved a hair salon. Hardy's cheeky cheeks (on her face) and said: - Beautiful baby! Hardy's colleagues started crying "Babe" and nickname. - Vim Comedy Film Companion is a very entertaining group of Billy Ruge in a small budget series. Hardy and Ruge gave the names of the screen Plump and Runt: the evil ones that are not the same name, but the worse is that Ruge (even though Hardy is less) is not a getaway. Seeing here, Hardy looks like with his previous Hal Roach with Laurel ... but with no cones and mustache. <br /> <br /> 'Too many too', Plunt and quite typical. Runt epic is very inadequate ... and this makes it evident that this movie has its own premise "That My Wife", one of the funniest movies of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is a sturdy guesthouse in a house that is run by a tall and gentle dining room. Runt is the goalkeeper. Plump receives a letter from his wealthy uncle John, whose inheritance he wants to inherit. Her uncle will see her and see Plumpen wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a wife and a baby. He seems like a family man who has been lying to his uncle. Now, of course, Plump hopes to find Runt's wife and baby face-to-face. Obviously, the results are harmful. It would be nice if the results were fun, but they were not. Most of the mood is slapstick, the character divides their arguments into each other by means of bathtubs. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. Vim Director Will Louis (who?) Does not show camera frame instincts: the actor who plays the owner is much higher than Hardy and Louis sets his plans permanently. This can be fun if done necessarily, but not inept. At this moment of a bad comedy, the rumor is a horrible horror. "Surely, they did not shake off the little ones," I thought. But they do it. Runt stole the baby's black woman and tries to plump her child as a child. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump takes a baby cradle, but he still has not got a baby. Uncle John went upstairs, Plump crying out from Runt's childhood. Perhaps this gag with a minority or even an actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge was below the average height. The imagination of the child Ruge is not incredible, nor funny, and Uncle John should have a whole bunch of it. It's amazing! <br /> <br /> One of the most notable aspects of 'One Too Many' is Madelyn Saloshin's, the first wife of Oliver Hardy, is a short appearance - apparently the only appearance of her film. The marriage was not happy, civilian hardy civil problems never achieved in Stan Laurel's time. <br /> <br /> This movie just impressed me with one thing. It is a very short flashback sequence, with Hardy reminiscent of his coastal love with a beauty bath. In 1916, there was still a standard grammar movie for transmitting flashbacks: what is shown here is done easily and easily. This very bad movie is worthless. 'One Too Many' is a movie too much in the Oliver Hardy curriculum, and I will point out that movie from 10 points. Laurel and Hardy are probably more fun together.
