Here there was no effort to prevent access to Valencia, so that a teenager could not get another slasher movie, sub-genre of horror movies, we saw too much in the last decade. I have heard a lot of people when movies move away from previous horror movies, from Halloween to nightlife and Carrie, and as much as I am hateful, it's impossible to say nothing that is impossible. The drilling string over the head of Jeremy comes from the beginning of Carrie's film. Indeed, they could actually say the movie ("Well, everyone is this director, and this is my Carrie-rip-off scene. Enjoy!"). It's just a hint. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured in each piece, in the same way that any other goofy teen thriller is structured. At first we know a girl, she dies, people give people a bit strange but old, and then they start dying. The problem here is that the directors and writers clearly and honestly want to keep the mysterious and suspensible movie, but they do not know how to do it. Take Jason for example. Here is this arrogant man, who is very full of self and bad wife, who distributes the check for each person according to the person who has it, and the first character who watched the movie, how bad a story is about. Jeremy was treated with the poor, she is supposed to be important. In addition, and more importantly, the girls have the same girls in the sixth category, and Valentine Valentine Day has the same initials as those at the bottom of these cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for deliberate and sometimes misleading behavior on the part of the audience, and is a good example of Jason's endeavor, but this is not a good example of successful efforts. Of course, I thought a bit about killer, but that's not it. At first we know that the woman is horrible, which at the beginning of the film connects with the boy, but then appears in the middle of the film, smiling flirtatiously with two of the main girls, then gives an odious look and goes away without explanation of the disappearance of the party and the movie. We know that it is a cardboard character, but the role of the film is so little thought that they only came together with them. <br /> <br /> In a positive sense, the killer is true. The identity, in truth, was predicted to predict at least a certain amount, unfortunately, it was also another extraction. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley ties the killer with her toothbrush, she does not make any sound, the murderer suggests that she can be a woman who is silent, not all women herself. But in the rest of the film, we have a constant and unstoppable killer with an emotional mask and a huge butcher. The director of Jamie Blanks (respectful, who also had trouble in the sixth level of the girls) mentions Halloween's impact. This, of course, is totally useless, since the plagiarist of the film is terribly wrong. The only difference between Valentine and Michael Meyer's murder was that Michael's mask was so effective and he had no problem with nose problems. This is a shame. <br /> <br /> In the end, the short essay is to deceive, about a short time about the killer (that is, the removal of the 'and-killer' mask is slow and drawn). Then, Adam's nose begins when he begins to bloom, when his girlfriend is often reluctant, and we know he is a longtime killer. The film did not say anything until the last event that could be a murderer, and these nonsensical noises were the most accurate way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not terrifying (I saw the empty night at night, and I was afraid of darkness as far as I remember, and I was not afraid), and it could be a good idea to take care of the characters. if they were not so clearly killed. I recall that theater forecasts have surprised (although the theater was faster than Battlefield Earth), but the final result is old.
