Wow Watching this movie today, you can not help writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young are playing a pair of "The Jerry Springer Show", who have a bad and ineffective relationship ... and, unbelievably, they're justified by the writers! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a homeless Loretta that shows Spencer Tracy, the poor but very useful rope. He shows how the joint can do very well with little money and let the house lead to his cottage. Whether you ever marry clearly or not, and considering the Pre-Code movie, you can think they live together. Their relationship is very rare ... and quite sick. As long as Tracy is aware of his actions, he is an oral accusation and is a complete jerk. Young runs again like something like a dog. It's called "Lightweight" or "Ugly" and they, in a poor way, are the way to use their love! Later, when he started to put on another woman (Glenda Farrell), he told his friend if he wants to do what he wants! Surely the relationship between Masochists and you can not stop feeling anything. Of course, he did not hit, but the relationship is very abusive. To show that he is pregnant when he is pregnant, "it's your baby and mine, but you do not have to worry, I will take all the guilt"! Yikes! Is not all this a look like in a sick and dysfunctional home? Later, in a case that imitates the life of art, Tracy proves what man is and disappears. After all, he can not load a baby, even if he was the same. But he decides to change himself and return home. Wow ... that's a bit! And when he returns, he is evil and he acts as it stays, he does not have to take care of the baby! And, "he says a free man ... as a free bird". Wow, I was almost crying in this tender moment ... NO! Shortly afterwards, this crazy couple gets married ... and, of course, Young is depressed, because he seems to continue resting, not for any responsibility or love. So how can you recover them with these poor characters? What would you do? Well, as for the writers, Tracy soon stole the routine of supporting server sales! The romantic part of the movie is at least a highlight! During the robbery, Tracy plays like a pituitary: it almost does nothing to take the measures to be taken - as he waited for the prison to send. And, to show what sort of kind it is, the man trying to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While he is giving more to the movie, Tracy is a jerk and she is a young idiot in the movie. Although they are good actors, they do not make any mistake caused by writers who can do it. Nice music, nice set, good performance ... and a script with 100% poo. In my opinion, how did the 7.4 movie come to me and I wonder how the character can exclude the character's character. In a way, he did not have a huge mistake that would destroy the careers of the people involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and do you ask if Loretta EVER is the person who plays the backbone of this film or if he is the person who plays the least person? the answer is NOT! In the end, he did not learn anything and did not change it a bit better. <br /> <br /> Surely they do not like movies ... and in this case ... Thank God!
