It may have spoilers! So I saw the tour last night in LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), NOT showing good quality movies. SHORT BREAK I still am surprised, I saw everything, because it was horrible. Can this film have more stereotypes? (The children are a doctor, a Catholic family, a priest who is a Catholic family whose children are a mother, a Catholic family house, a Mexican whore, a "bad", very bad origin, very bad accent countries.) GAG !!!! I first sucked out this movie and I saw Cheryl Poles and Corin Nemec awake so they could see it until 4:00 PM. However, the only thing about this movie is the beauty of Amick. The performance of Pollack and Nemec works well, but they play scriptwriters. Unlike other reviewers who commented on a lack of accent in Texas (I think there's a lot of people in a movie in Austin there), I think they were accustomed (like Mary margaret data and john-like characters) and they were not necessary. they were very bad. I am so tired of the "southern" accents of Hollywood, like the accented area. and, of course, in Austin, and in 1991, I suppose it would be expensive, I hope the popular landmarks are: a beautiful capital building, the UT Tower was fired for the winning game. etc. none of them existed. Likewise, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico from Austin. At one moment, the movie, Michael, and his possessions lead to Mexico to be able to lose virginity and drive in the dark (summer and early autumn does not darken until August 9 at night). For a long time, he is drunk in Mexico and Mexican sex (there is no other type) to be with sex and return at the dawn of Austin. Although this is possible in theory, it is not very likely. and on a hill country in school (usually in the third week of August, but could be in September 1960) if someone started school, they would not know if they would not get their cards out of their hearts! ! In August and September, Austin and its surroundings are 90 degrees. People without body temperature would only be able to dress in the first day of stupid or slippers. At all, the TV movie is a very bad experience.
