Charlie Chaplin began photographing in 1914. Also known as Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios"), they quickly dropped their successions. Short comics had little structure and were totally liberated. As a result, the current films were very popular according to current regulations. Many of them have a great deal of similarity with home-made cameras with their relatives listening friends. Many others show that the characters walk in front of the camera and do nothing. Regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to theaters. In my opinion, at this time, all the movies would be quite bad, with Chaplin being a very successful film, Keystone. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin's current and dearly acquainted in Chaplin's career is becoming more and more evolving. Keystone. In 1915 he signed a new contract with Essenay Studios, and the films improved significantly with Chaplin. However, sometimes these films were very rough and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin's little Little Tramp was still developing. In 1916, when he changed to Mutual Studios, his films were once again enhanced and became a more enjoyable boy - many of the previous films were just an assault (he drank much drink, struck women and fought). innocent, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp as a result of long movies that took place in the classic 1920s. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this movie is LOVE TWUTY MINUTES OF LOVE, because the movie lasts about 10. minute! Okay Plots, little by little, involve a small park rider. The couple wants her neck, but inexplicably, she is keen to be sitting on the lap of Charlie's partner and she is really disturbed. I can not understand why the Charlie surrounds the playground for those annoying people and others later in the film. Maybe I was looking for a threesome, I do not know. The film, however, has no coherence, and it's not particularly fun, even when people start tapping and pushing the lake. Chaplin is a typical effort to give his character a plot and personality.
