That's right ... because you put on the DVD and it's the professional work you see in the coming ninety minutes, the distribution company logo. And at this time, you know you are excluding yourself. <br /> <br /> People, in general, are quite aware of the DVD, if something is put on DVD, it will be a certain level - at least not financially, if not creatively. But sadly this is not the case. The distribution company is happy that amateur movies will rip DVDs and store them in stores, waiting for the trusted buyers included in the well-designed DVD cover. Behind this project, Kevin J Lindenmuth is a pioneer of horror films, whose name can be known among the genre's fans, as there are other homosexual film-makers of small budgets - "Werewake of the Werewolf of the Werewolf of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and thus . <br /> <br /> "Men's blood" is made up of three independent men, with short independent stories that have nothing to do with the actual connection-related changes. The first segment is called "Blood Reunion," it is very pleasing - let him not let a man find a girl who becomes a girl returning to his native city, refuses to give up his grandmother. having relationships with men, and the reasons related to the dark family's secrecy. This division is badly targeted, it's not correct and it's basically something better than you can throw with some friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "The Old Blood", is probably the strongest and Lindenmuth himself directs it. She tells the story of a pair of lesbians, one of them looks like the shape and the other is to give that power. He will give him his will, but he has not imagined himself to become a creature. This short film shows that Lindemuthe's other filmmakers who have taken part in this project have more talent and experience, but it's still not enough to raise the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have "Manbeast". "While some men in the army are walking along the woods, while two other youngsters are running behind, they want to kill him, the beast has bitten and is thought to be dangerous, but it may not seem to be. This has an interesting concept, but it is longer, and if you do not guess what the twist is in the first ten minutes, you're probably not very bright. This is quite a summary of this problem with this whole DVD ... just a few ideas are enough to justify spending something like this, you could paint it yourself should you pay a photo?
