First of all, I'd like to say "Ladies' Man" drawing on SNL. I always lawe in Tim Meadows's portrait of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between the 8-minute draft and the feature film. Leon remembers his show and gives audiences mistakes and comments on the audit, and reminds him of a "Remembrance of Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...", such as "The Ladies Man Presents ...". An excellent section is played by Cameron Diaz as a role monitor Monica Lewinski and Leon play Bill and call them "Oral office." See, that's fun !!! <br /> <br /> In the film, we do not often see it with Leon's show. In fact, almost every country in the country has stopped. And the plot is looking for its true love, a mysterious letter, "Sweet Thing", was dropped in its hut. Karyn Parsons, who is famous because she plays Hillary's "Bel Air New Prince," works with her at the show and has a secret twist on Leon. The movie stacks in the other sub-table. And gag is boring. Leon is the first time he explains the word "wang". When he uses it, he's trying to laugh, he's dropped his joke. Among the films used in the film, we've heard jokes we had heard before, and we're doing better on the SNL sketch and we've been bored for an hour and twenty-five minutes. With Will Ferrell and his Ladies' Man team of enemies try to insert a musical number, because they want to destroy all their wives because they had a close relationship with each other, to bring a little life into this fun life. Ferrelle has some fun moments and, on the other hand, tries to get the best results from an unknown role. Ferrelle has a unique talented comic, and makes fun for almost anything. Even Julianne Moore gets a kameo. His look, you can not just ask "What fish is this Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie!" His name was not mentioned in the initial credits, without authorization. And, of course, the title of this theme must be the Love Master himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is always charismatic, but she can not breathe enough life in this movie. Also, I have to add a soundtrack full of R & B hits, that is, it prevents movies even more, with a slight tone - as if the script was quite boring. I mean, this being a comedy "supposedly". The soundtrack would be something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "Ladies Man" sometimes laughed. There are some exceptions that SNL can create a short movie. See "Wayne's World" movies, and you'll see how it's done. But this movie is like adapting Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to the "Superstar" screen. Some sketches must be remembered on SNL and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (from 10)
