Joe Bob Briggs analyzed the videos of the famous "We Are The Weird" newsletter. I've seen a lot of stinks, but this has been the worst, and years have not been the kind - it's still a crime against cinema that I've ever seen. Do not be misunderstood - CAGED TERROR is technically competent from MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY HARLEM or something like that. For me, it is the one that consolidates the worst film of all time, it has a unique mix of its importance. Is Vietnam a comment? Ecological protests Race incident? A Study of Human Inhumanity? Is it a new (almost) long-term exercise when filling the nature footage? In conclusion: a young urban youth professional (perhaps the poorest of the screen) has seduced some American Asian friendship together with him in the woods. When he began to run after more than one hour, he avoided two veteran drummers, Jarvis unforgettable (faithful brother) and Troubadour (Manson Family guitar rehuita). Hey, a plot! Tension Action! Suspense! Well, no, it's on a stunning scene. The victim looks at pride and says "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis puts the Troubadancer as "Trouby" every two minutes, reminds himself. Juan Picquer's POD PEOPLE's nothing more than a strange star. It's all about CAGED TERROR, and so much synopsis seems almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained the most absolute since I've seen it for the first time in the last eight years. (I appear in the old Second Edition every two years or just to calm myself down and make sure I do it myself). I think CAGED TERROR is so hateful that this item is: it's very little and although it's going to happen a bit badly and slowly, what really is unwatchable is that filmmakers actually really want something to get your message down in your throat the throw is drowned. But because CAGED TERROR is so unpleasant and ineffective, it is a civil disadvantage that is intended to show a great deal of discomfort. This film lasts 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. Very terrible, it's really awesome. People, trust me, I still have GHOSTA and this is worse. Go see Thank you to me. And cursed For the Registry, my favorite line: (CAGED TERROR but maybe EVER) "Yes, surely, is Solomon Song believed to be the allegory of the love of the Church of Christ ...!" (NOTE: It must be delivered in a conditional tone agreed).
