In this table I see some very positive reviews, trying to revive this movie from the situation that is missing and worship. I see the usual ranting - "I think this movie is not easily injured," "This movie is not Shakespeare," and so on. What invented There was no "Road Trip" too! And I laughed my movie! There's a way of making a raw and tasty comedy and laughing; and it's a way ... it's just raw and tasteless. "Swindler" tries to "swingers" without spirit or mind. It seems written by a boy of 14 year olds. In the name of God, the characters in this film are a white collar, a true citizen, and speak like idiots like new teachers! The conversation is dropped with four-letter words. Their situation would be to people's minds, and a dictionary would be wider. Check out Whit Stillman's movie and see the difference. Given that seemingly realistic and caricatured conversations. If you know successful businesspeople talking like characters in this movie, let us know and introduce me. Their annoying sexual intercourse is the equivalent of standard shifting among young people who come to puberty. There is no relationship, sex or ... there is nothing to know! It's just a bad excuse to show off - and do not give the word "very" given, because I mean by my heart - raw gag. They are gags that are not substances. They are more gags that laugh at laughing. The scene at the end of Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was not fully convincing and convincing. (In addition to female interaction with women who write straightforward, there are films that play very beautiful, this scene brings together a series of metaphors and sexual gestures, one of which can not be imagined in the feminine mouth: one of the scene was one of those who did not believe in it. I did not believe in seconds. < <br /> <br /> "Mournful" is a bad monster of fantasy, it's annoying, I've had some (very) few laughter for this unforgettable comedy, and they were probably the result of despair. When you do not laugh at it for a long time, you desperately seek humor in vain things, so I would not have such a positive statement.
