Takashi Shimizu had a unique opportunity with the new version of the original Ju-On The Grudge. Although I have not seen this movie, I should think of having more imagination and originality (or an original bizarre, that is, with the famous Japanese ghost film troop), than in its management version. Maybe the script was written, in some way, or I think it's accessible to me for the American public. There is a potential that explains something that happens with Bill Pullman's sudden movement, simply joins the total combination. And as a horror movie? Gimme break <br /> <br /> Stress could be in the state - a nurse is worried about a house that lives in a house that is lying down - but the audience emphasized everything that he wants to feel. . Frighten How do you expect something to be expected with some music time. A black cat? Yes, why not let the ghost boys have a sound like a cat feeling-that's exactly if it's just creamy if you like cats. Plot? Why do not I confuse the past and the story without telling the story about the real flow of things that can be told (for example, when flashbacks are inserted and they want to be a totally organic story) they do not look at cast in any one matter. <br /> <br /> They are for characters or exhibitions, then they tell us what's going on or what they are saying, there are few points of care. The film is inadequate (that is to say, it breaks the 180-degree rules and does not understand it in a way that is understandable or forgiving), and the performances are wood, although they are scared or shocked (especially Gellar is disappointed, but Pullman, who appears. Then, after his first scene, it is very miscast). While Shimizu is committed to the average "Boo", when the woman is in the office building and just like the ghostly Grudge, she's stupid. Look at that elevator and you are behind the ghost shots. Or you will go with it, and therefore you want more power, or istysically laugh at the results. Tell me in the second. <br /> <br /> I do not know if this project was in a bad mood - did Shimizu have to retrain their studios, or if their vision was not enough? Or perhaps some of Raimik's sayings were more confusing and worse than others. Grudge gives us a lot of information, it is unwise or at least afraid. In order to be a dull zinplex trash.
