Everyone who watches the viewer of the title sequence (now all the time funny) believes that this is a kind of cinematic miracle, but, trust me, this is one of the most evil movies you can ever watch and you're not laughing in five minutes, I would have lost your mood. <br /> <br /> David Niven plays with a condemned and brave RAF pilot who, in some way, thinks he is considered to be imposing. A female air-conditioning controller in an emotional conversation about love, as she is immersed in her specific and tragic death. (Is not it romantic ...) Of course, besides the extravagant metaphysical choice, it cleans the beach, as well as the same traffic controller as bicycling. (They immediately consolidate it). <br /> <br /> Looking at the weird homoerotic substitutes (so you really need the supertext that we have to mention, sitting for children with naked children, a little flute on the theme of the movie's dark sunset, a royal heaven and her makeup from ladies The most curious aspects of the film are: how bad drawings make national and rational stereotypes until they become a confusing attempt to unravel the universal nature of love and power. We get it - girls like boys on flanks and heels, and like girls, and, apparently, all you need to do is cry a bit to get your movie to get 10 stars on the IMDb. . <br /> <br /> In terms of production quality, continuity / editing is bad enough to boost cringing, and the lighting may be even worse, but you do not have time to realize it as a screenplay script. It's so bad. There are games that play with Technicolor (if anything in the sky is black and white is known), and presupposing it (it's so funny that they like such movies, like movies they really like to laugh and then laughed at the doctor's end it sank), and the freezing movement (that is, the female's head is so bad that it is still more fun in the room-room). /> The best routes are on the beach, but then they descend. Stairs escalators movements stairs Odessa October are hardly any, at least, and I really warned that someone should feel that they should see this attempt to swear. The movie can be bad in general to make it fun, and it's best to say about it.
