I never understood why some people did not like Bollywood films: charismatic actors, large numbers of dancing and great emotions: what do you like? I did not realize that I only saw the Bollywood high peak. Then I saw "Garam Masala". I said the first scene that I did not want a movie (the movie begins with an editing of two drivers that drive around a city, and it seems to be serendipitously on a series of gyrating models). I expected things to improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac and Sam, have a total sympathy. Women spend the whole movie - and lie down - to take them to bed, and the audience will find fun and enjoyable. The boys are scrupulous and incessant, not in a lovely way. Mac goes even farther away so that a woman can exchange a drug to get her to know her cheating. The script is very inadequate, with repetitive scenes, with configurations that generate anything, and the behavior and expression of the characters. In fact, the characters never really develop. Men who are supposed, penetrating and women are only beautifully interchangeable. If you go through this movie, do you think "air hostesses" are easy enough for man to pass through men. Actually, the betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The bright places that I found in the film were the only number of dances that featured great sets, and the French side of the story, some of the slapsticky moments, were scraping off the basket. But Bollywood's dances enjoy Farah Khan in choreographed movies, and with slapstick, you can go directly to Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd's silent comics. Priyadarshan writers and directors have no effect. Priyadarshan also takes false credit to guess the story: the premise of the plot is stolen by the 1960 "Boeing Boeing" play. The original author of Marc Camoletti, nowhere. Prior to that, Priyadarshan changed the title for this version, as it did in the original version, without using the original, he did not give credit. (Based on the credit score list)
