So, in the Chills Network, the cable is "Vampire Month", I'm a madman, but I love vampires. So, after some doubts, I was quite disappointed, but I noticed that the Sleepwalkers wrote it by Stephen King. So I went ahead and decided that, as I was surprised by myself, the movie was really bad. Most of Stephen King's movies are entertaining and some are very terrifying. While sleepwalkers was bad, it was a bad type. I had a great time to laugh about this movie and what happened. I have never read Sleepwalkers, as I understand, King's true vampire story. so I can not compare the movie with the book. I do not know if it was just my television, but it was the look of TV set for Sleepwalkers. The special effects were crisp and the story was very distant, though fantastic, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother are Mary Vampires, who feed on virgin women with vitality. They are much resilient to humans and have the power of teleworking and excitement. Their weaknesses are cats, not only by their illusions, but their accomplishments are capable of causing serious and serious injuries. They also maintain an inquisitive relationship. Charles and Mary live in a small town in Indiana. Charles goes to a local high school and knows there in the creative writer Tanya Robertson. Tanya does not think that much Charles wants the reason; He will take his life by force to his mother, hungry. At first, it seems that Charles Tanya fell in love. On the first day, a picnic of the nearby cemetery, Charles Tanya wished to dump her life, while kissing. Previously, the Deputy Minister of Andy Simpson, who had previously tried over Charles to get out of speed, under the guise of the cemetery and Charles's car. When Tanya helps her start, Charles Andy walks and dies. When Karlos turns to a close-up session with Tanya, the Clovis deputy cat is rising this time and almost kills Charles on his face and chest. Clovison's wounded death, Charles goes home to Mary. Then she seeks dependence on Mary Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So, to complete this movie, the cheese was expected to be overwhelmed. The scene that Charles Tanya is attacking for the first time is very topical and almost tosses him that Charles is one of the most feared female heads of Tanya horror movies. Then you love the scene of a gun and a police car, and in some way everything explodes, God blessed Hollywood explosions and excesses. I'm taking what the movie is, it's so nice for me to make it a dark comedy, I like to have fun. I do not know if Stephen King wants to see what he wants his story, but he has a typical camera in his film. So if you see my suggestion on this movie, take what it is and do not think of it, it's strange entertainment, crisp effect, bad casting, a stupid story, and a fun-filled lady at The Simpson. "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> 4/10
