I have to agree with other comments and even one more step. <br /> <br /> Nothing was done about this film. Delmar, our main character, decides to become a mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but she will go on a journey to find a wise jailbird. At the same time, his friend, Hortens, is trying to marry his lawyer's boyfriend with his spouse's wife. He also sleeps with Marlon, who is in love with him. Afterwards, Delmaren Jethro's brother is involved with former drug addiction, which reveals Missy's sexual abuse in her father's adoption. In addition, we also have a strange friend, one of them kills on the couch at the beginning of the film. Until now, in the first half, after presenting these characters and stories about life, death, pain and love, the film has lost its direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer had just picked one or two characters, and would be able to continue their stories, maybe they would be good, but the same screen will be given to everyone, there is no story or character. developed For example, why do you think that Delmark's son could be able to make money, especially when his parents are a promising lawyer and his wife are half-alcoholic and depressed? Why Hortense is disappointed to marry a man with a jerk and, of course, does not love him? How does Missy handle his coke for a night? Do women with serious problems with Jethro regularly draw, or is Missy an exception? Delmar and Jethro's mothers have always been strange parties, or is it the last time? Why do you like Jethro Cadillac in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend a year in jail for stealing a car, a relatively small crime? How does Delmare get when he is born of Moses's baby when he suggests they never had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions appear in the script, but unfortunately they have never responded. I only assume that they responded to the original novels and that is why the writer felt the need to enter the script. Great mistake The loss of many subplots, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which does not add anything to the general movie, would have to overwhelm things and give Delmar, Jethro and Moses more time to develop characters in the plot and other people who are more important in their subjects. . <br /> <br /> Add to the pedestrian style outside of the average outline, and the result is a great opportunity for everyone, such as Jorja Fox, who strives to overcome the material. I'm not surprised that this seems to be the director's latest movie, this effort does not show the visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
