As others have said, the movie is not rock. It's very boring. This story is the one who is idolizing this heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but it is not a recent radio show, at midnight on Halloween at midnight (actually, it would probably be on November 1). The kids will get a copy of the disk and hide it hidden behind. It is also the key that opens the door, a really bad metal singer who can return to ruin and death. <br /> <br /> The first episode of this film is not a horror movie, but rather a specialist in the School. We see a metal boy (outsider) who torments a child's town. And when you do not learn the most important lessons in high school movies: when cool party toys invite you to a party, do not go! It's a trap Especially if it's a pool party. Will anyone be amazed when the water is over? I continued with a lesson with Jody Foster to teach me how to teach Melissa Sue Anderson as a After School Special. <br /> <br /> So, afraid of the movie. So this metal boy gets some power and does not want to kill bully boys (he will have much more sense), he likes it and tries to help protect all the bully boys and girls. What A sensitive hero? What's fun in a horror movie? Thank you Carrie White does not follow this lesson. He tries to avoid dancing in Halloween's music traditionally, the same music that he could have killed all his children. If I were, I would put that music and soon. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is about this metal metal that is trying to kill a horrible metal star that runs around town. Why not join him and really do some damage. Why do you ask? She seems to be in love with a well-known maid and does not want her to hurt herself ... more suitable for Molly Ringwald. Is this a horror movie or Beauty and the Beast? The film continues from this point, without fear, or anything worth seeing. As I went to school at the end of the 80's, this movie is fun to have a flashback of fashion and great hair, but that's it for this movie. Jump and stay home and listen to some KISS.
