Antonioni, making this film, took on the role of Papa Smurf for all haired and romantic Hairy Smurfs. He undertook the support of the European Southeastern Communists, who expressed his estimation and support nightmares in confusing American ways. (These smurfs are red and blue, not vice versa.) The Radical Smurfs were delighted, with a dark and sharp man, communist Lenin - communist Lenin - under the guidance of a dark and wise man. another intelligent man, whose beard was more serious than Smurfs, because he was wise, though they did not know why they had shaved to cause them. Castro, the other bearded man, has often taken advantage of this disorder and excluded magical powers over his admirable beard. (With no mention of Che Guevara: this beard je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about some of them, does he immediately want to embrace Marx and his unique and unusual teachings?) The stupid movie begins in a confusing meeting. The radical students who converse with the "confused" word really redefine. Combatant like a dog, he falls into a tall tale building in a seabed pit. Suddenly, the movie "hero" (well, the hero of the Antonions) rises and says something to his left-wing member, and then leaves it in the "mega-freshness" show that James Dean will improve the image and increase his chances. Set with the "chicks" of the next "hippie" organ. In the end, he has trouble with the police (that is, the pig) at a rally, and does the American film spend capitalist under the blue sky, looking for freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Anticipating the aggression against Antony's capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but (or has) nothing new to offer; A happy one-sided attack is the same as the businessman talking about business (and what's wrong with it, is not Antonioni doing the movies?), and constantly announcing television announcements and obvious tables morally. The right product, selfish, selfish and hard, thinks himself, his family, his work, and his children only. <br /> <br /> Pope Smurf Antonioni, as long as the Smurfets and Smurfettes hair at the end of the 60s, failed to notice the fundamental aspects of their stupid movement: they quietly convened and their opinions against establishments were freely allowed in that establishment; they admired the countries that did not have the left systems (and they still do not). The biggest irony of the hysteria - and Antonioni, of course, did not realize that it was also the fact that capitalism was the capital of capitalism (due to the death of cocaine and excessive LSD intake). . The irony is amazing. In a successful capitalist system you can find this species called "hippie"; middle and upper middle class losers, ungrateful and the same. <br /> <br /> The movies seem to be forever. Antonioni takes a delightful time by moving forward with him, includes many unnecessary scenes and a high-quality factor. Attempts at symbolism are annoying. His statements are very uncertain, at best. This film is a way of saying that Antonioni's revolution is a violent solution. And we've made film and rich, rich and rich films that live in restaurants and in French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember any more important things about seeing a movie about Tiananmen in the Chinese massacre of thousands of students. When a Western student shot the face of Che Guevara on all faces, we received ten major films at the same time. I think this means that China's life is worth a thousand times less than the western one? movies that infest the left hypocrite. If you are a Marxist neo-hippy and if you do not like this terrific review, click on the "NO" below.
