This movie is the product of his time and is seen in any other context, very stupid. Heck, even if you see the proper context, it's bad! Mostly, under the direction of famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni and self-assured ones. In this case, he also tried to combine his artistic style with anti-anti-film hippie films and produced only a large proportion bomb. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a rap session. "With them," students say "people's power" and "man" are complaining. The majority of these hikes were sent by parents to college, so privileged children seemed to complain so loudly and complaining about the revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between students and "pig establishments" is broken and the police have died. Mark "our heroine" might or might not have done it, but to avoid punishment, it is necessary to run. Instead of going to Mexico or to Canada, it can only do total morons - steal an airplane and take it to the desert of Mojav! He meets the Chick that has happened and is then philosophized at some times. Then they have sex in one of the most bizarre sex scenes in film history. When gushing dust, suddenly other pairs do not appear and there is a big orgy. While watching the skin a bit (ensuring R-grade), it was not as explicit as it was. Indeed, it lasts long and seems to choreographed that intelligence fails. And, of course, when they are finished, many other couples disappear in the air. <br /> <br /> Strangely enough, he paints a bit of support for his partner and is similar to Peter Max's creations. Despite the improved appearance of the aircraft, the evil police officer filmed it with the polar revolution. When she learns it, she gets into a semi-catatonic situation and continues to destroy the movie as a result of the destruction of her parents and her guilty parents (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, the giant house exploded 8 times. Then incomprehensible, television, refrigerators and other things explode. The move, on the other hand, is nice to see - David Letterman breaks his stuff into the spectacle. <br /> <br /> In front of the drawing, the film has a great need for a unique character and a great edition. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed things up a bit. Above all, there is not much plot or conversation. In that sense, the movie is very silent and I was not surprised by Harry Medved's "Fourth Shortest" book. That pantheon is well deserved. A famous filmmaker is a crime to create such a malicious film to spend so much money! <br /> <br /> The last two observations. If you like to laugh at Hippie's dirty movies, try to watch BILLY JACK USE. Additionally, in a case of imitation of life, the director Mark Frechette played a role in his personal life. He was twenty-five years old when he was imprisoned in a few years after participating in a "revolutionary" event, when friends and friends stole a bank and murdered the innocent. Dang hippies !!
