Do you need a lesson just a failure? Do not forget the "Lost Kingdom Wizards", because there is no dirt-free dirt, a shame of a movie. As we all know, decent children create incredibly dramatic growths: "Halloween" generates up to ten small earrings of 80; "Mad Max" created "bad fantasy desert" movies for 80 years; and "Conan the Barbarian" brought an incredibly horrible sword and sword in the 80s. The "Sorceress of the Lost Kingdom" draws the 80's canoe under the barrel, which really insults them. A young man named Simon rescued his "good kingdom" by a wicked witch with a shoulder pad, a gnome garden, a topless bimbo mermaid, and tired Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), for a long time b-moovie muscleman, is apparently capable of dancing his aluminum foam. However, he is able to defeat the forces of evil, the evil witch, "Shurka," and his evil crushed monsters, giants and midgets. At one point, a brush of paper is attacked by a chain, but 1/2 slices are hidden by the puppet, presented as a dragon. At the beginning of the film, it is described as a bit of scene rising from the udder bands at the beginning of these films, with the hope of setting the film scene together, and with great caution. A guy that never appears. The word can not drop the cheap jaw of this movie; The producers probably went through the Moore moolah, Svenson's milk was getting stronger by eating milk. And here we are, Brie here, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("The Queen of Barbarian") presents this mish-mash, mixed in a different way, confused and commonplace, destroying any advice of light and linear tales. . The play is horrible, under the shade under the level of production and in the plot our tired paradise before others. Follow-up (!) MooCow brain whirlwind. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic," "Rock,") "Battle Beyond the Stars" raffled the headline, shouting and unraveling this powerful and turbulent shot. This bet will not appear in its curriculum. . People, you must see this to believe it. MooCow says that there is no rent to see anyone, but it's a bit fun to see dust than to see dairy products. Barely : = 8p
