What we have here is a magnificent piece of the early 80s, which is the biggest knowledge of landfill cinema that would be silent! The fantasy / Sword-and-Spell adventure is a very inexpensive and very young adventure with the "Witches of the Lost Kingdom", it does not have any plot, but it does not even borrow and cheat items from other films. Writing by Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) They watched similar movies to find out about some of the key characters, but they surely would all remain automatically. To make a fantasy adventure: a nasty super-evil (preferably with a black cape), a young hero in training, a lonely warrior, a kind petty pet, a red (optional) in the woods. ) and a colorful collection of horrible demons, slave-writers, and winged champions. The story is so phenomenal and so original that Simon wants to flee to his kingdom with his eldest brother, the evil magician Shurka must take power and kill the king. Simon wants to go back to save the people, but that's why he needs a powerful ring that he loses in his flight. Simon makes a solitary warrior to Kor (that is, when Bo Svenson usually needs a paycheck), and he assists Simon in overwhelming long and destructive journeys with dangerous encounters and magical shows. Undoubtedly, so far it's not bad to feel, but I'm just deliberately ignoring all the little delusly inept details. Simon is the best friend of Gulfax, for example. Gulfax Chewbacca is an albino version and can not be understood when it comes to unintelligible when it comes to cymbals. Travel obstacles at home are "unimportant" and are just as material for covering real cover. Simon has a vision of a nightmare within a nymph suspect. Kor establishes an ancient punctuation with the Nemesis of pork facial and did not want to marry her sister, but she thinks she is a terribly 'suicide cave'. But is it not a great brilliant sequence absolutely? Only in the history of this film, but only in the history of cinema? four zombies warrior resurrected. Simon wakes up the legendary brave warriors to help them fight for their fight, but only the corpses take up some broken pieces, they complain about what they are tired and return to their graves. That's it! So much zombie underground plot! The best sequence ever! I can continue to list some ridiculous small details unwantedly for a few more paragraphs, but you get the idea. "The Witches of the Lost Kingdom" is a very dirty "crazy movie." Word of advice: do not see this unmade piece alone. Invite your friends, as far as possible, with a bad mood and watch in the group. Will it be a night to remember?
