Such a problem is (above all) that Debbie needs to close the Naughty Stewardesses of Sam Sherman's production. He arrived at the Debbie city, becomes a stewardess, sleeping with a wealthy elderly man (who describes it as a 50s, but has been successful for a decade or so a year ago), filmed a newly-photographed photographer and then a plot of kidnapping / extortion the main element. However, in the midst of emotional search and emotion, what does Debbie mean in heaven? Well, I can not fully give it up, but do not expect here a real epiphany. Let's see. Naughty Stewardesses is what she wants to be (at least two-thirds): a soft and central woman, a topless woman and a fun movie about the 70's of kitchy. There's not much left here. The film was designed to make money and at that time was designed to increase the trend towards the nymphomaniac guitar heroes. That way, the audience can experience the tastes of their voyeurism. According to current standards, the movie is quite dear. What is wrong with this film is the attempt to have a final movie. Well, anyone who believes in Debian, while on the beach, looks at life. That day he wasted a longer sock that he would wear. And 50 thousand robbery plots? Was not it sensible how the characters of the earth "dig"? Anyone who bought Cal's name as OLO (something like that) or even a pornographic director? Fortunately, it would be great for Seven Eleven! As noted by another reviewer, Sam Sherman's piece and pieces of Al Adamson are more. You can tell when everything is in full responsibility. There are almost no budgets and the film is not as polished as it looks. Adamson goes to this job for this time and I have to give credit to Sherman. While this movie is bad, it has a certain style. I liked the initial credits with the animation and the photos. I liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a tune that was exciting. The movie does not seem cheap. Compare this to AL with any horror movie. Regarding the director, Bob Livingston is a good old man, but some studies have also examined the nature and young women's money that attracts money. It was the worst problem with Robert Smedley, who was terribly surprised in his role. The girls have so many wonderful sets, so what did they demand more? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively risky exploit of the 70's and it will be a life-time capsule in some aspects of life in the decade. By the way, did I mention that it is a bad photo?
