Envy's people seem to have realized that the latest comedies (especially with Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, with Jack Black), were the origin of the situation, because they are laughing at their originality. When I discovered Zoolander's nonsense I found it really hilarious, Starsky and Hutch liked it, and then Dodgeball could make people laugh, even though I personally tired of most people. And above all, the scenario was not so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament is not quite a return to Australia, where it's rarely played). So, in an attempt to do something original, Invidia moves away from an absurd scenario and instead moves around the creation of the absurd character of Jack Black (I do not want to see the movie being for those who want to watch the movie). The problem is that it seems that the movie has been dragged out, I'm not good enough to be able to think about examples, but it seems that this has been done a thousand times before and rarely succeeded. So, instead of a pleasant, crisp, pleasant comedy, you get a movie that comes out of motion only. I'm sure the movements can be quite entertaining and they focus on an idea that gives them some laughs, especially when Jack Black is excited and funny, even though he's a bit 2D creator. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems to have lost a bit of it, but he is a man who plays the role of a full-time character than Zoolander's filmmakers, but fights for family as a failure or scripts. The character and the result is a film by Ben Stiller, who plays typical manners and is generally boring. Shows no trace (Ben Stiller is just that, Jack Black portrays a character, but it's not a challenge). The most annoying item in the movie is the role of Christopher Walken's "The J Man", a character that is both typical and bi-dimensional, and it becomes naturally monotonous and frustrating in a very fast way. <br /> <br /> Really it's not that certain people think it's so sustainable, it's a clock, especially if you're in a good mood (this nonsense would be a good thing to watch this movie). Hire your friends in a night-time movie and watch them scary when you feel the light of the movie. Fortunately, then you'll be too weak. I think it would be very fun in this situation, but, in general, it lacks little laughs and drags most of it.
