This movie should show the film to be done by students as an example of NO to do. He shook off the face of the original tire, a horrible catastrophe that breaks the cardinal rule of the Bruckheimer, that is, we all know that they suck, but they have a great deal of action. This film IS NO ACTIONS. This movie is BORING. Where are the cars Where are the leaks? Where is the tension? Where is the suspense? Where is it hurry? No !! ?? This is not really a movie, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? It's wrong. They steal for 3 days and ads are wrong. What's wrong? The operator of the operations is hard, wood and forced. The evil, the police, the others ... who cares. They say their alleged lines, they serve the illogical plot. The music director says that they do the best they can do, "do not worry, we will make fast cuts and nobody will realize that the movie is bad" or "we've solved the music." "Script is not a script, it's more an end That is a complete list of endless events like: ------- Warning - Possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 --- - 1 ------ Review The greatest crime of all is Vinnie Jones's subproject for human beings, Jules Pulp Fiction (Jules Pulp Fiction) is the worst and lewd mote and what they do - a muffler that hardly stops in the movie They say he could become a villain of Vinnie and could keep the movie, how could he be so dumb? How? How? Why the original movie is very fun at the end of the driver's journey! It offers an excellent 40-minute chase of originality! If you want some car chase action, go to rent RONIN. Ronin's backs to the car's kiss The te any suffix now lifted the bar that he judges. Bruckheimer and Cage all this money, all of these resources, had all this experience and could not get close to 25,000 movies a year ago 25,000 a year ago? How can that be? You think you've stolen after watching this movie. When I saw Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, I was happy, now I say: God help us. <br /> <br />
