If the authors of Atlantis had to say something to this movie, highlighting their "literally" drowning characterization of "special effects". As in an "ongoing" attempt with all other action-makers in the summer, Disney has guided the character and has been working with a movie post for a Star Wars shoot-em-up. stereotype heroes and criminals. <br /> <br /> Art is a cartoon and it is believed by producers that images of computer images (CGI) are based on bird craftsmen and underwater ships that rely on the void. They make a mistake, and beautiful handmade animations are fast assembling days in the window, on the CGI line. <br /> <br /> This movie is a heart-shaped show. Sometimes it's a good movie and a movie that deserves to be, but so many times it's wrong to talk about something meaningful about the brand, and so it has decided to go along with the glitter. <br /> <br /> They also have another problem in stopping the movie. It starts to be confusing and then it starts to get angry, it's not worth the story with a shake editor. The viewer pulls out of the door, along with Milo Thatch (what Michael J. Fox has said so well) and "Gee needs to think about what will happen next to Atlantis." Unfortunately, there's a lot going on. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret in knowing story telling storylines about the legendary islands of the island. They are afraid to say where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? There's nothing to think about, from a fantasy-filled perspective. The audience will leave the theater: "Now, what's that? What was the point of the movie? Why could not they survive the Atlantean remember how many of them read about when the disaster was" current "and why did Atlantis sink?" And then they will forget about what have seen that There is nothing to think or crush ... except for money losing money in socks. <br /> <br /> Characters and their motivations are not difficult. In 1914, he appeared on the planet for more money from the eccentric zillionaier, which is part of the Kid, and VOLUNTARILY who destroys his country! Crews anachronically (1914) P.C. race and gender. The demolition expert was talking to Warner Brothers as a result of a short Bugs Bunny. Most of the jokers are largely lost by the audience, for two reasons: the speed of lightning is sometimes confined to each other and they are usually mocked. It's hard to believe that those supporting players finish the movie. <br /> <br /> We encourage Disney when we're trying to create adult-animated movies - and this is the first non-animal or cute Disney, talking, the transition fails. Little children are afraid of some action scenes and will remain in the dark with a large number of subtitles (when the characters talk about Atlante). In the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people have died without thinking of second. Of course, Disney thinks about people who were not, why should you take care of them? Once again, the film has no feeling at any level. <br /> <br /> The latest animation films created by Mulana and Tarzan have been very successful. Sadly, Atlantis failed his past attempts, such as the Notre Dame Champion and the Hunchback. Disney needs to go back to his roots. Shortly thereafter, Peter Panea will go on a show, but nobody knows what the results will be for you. And now Disney has discovered Science Fiction that this genre must have more than the show. We also expect a new adaptation of the Robert Treasure Planet "Treasure Island" Robert L. Stevenson's new adaptation of Treasure Island to a new adaptation of the science fiction.
