"What's New Scooby-Doo" I thought was pretty bad (yes, I did not like it), Hanna-Barbera did not produce it, and she took sharp steps from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" I was working, I thought it better. But when I saw a picture that appeared on Scooby and Shaggy, I knew that this show would be bad, worse. I have seen several episodes, and believe it, just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" is just another. There are no longer people who carry masks with cool and terrific monsters that rob Scooby and Shaggy Banks. Now they will go after a typical supermarket that wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become brave. Also, Shaggy is NOT a series that is a vegetarian, Casey Kasem (who really has a vegetarian) Shaggy's original voice DO NOT say Shaggy. Shaggy will only hear if it does not eat meat and it was just stupid changes made by stupid corporations to update the franchise, just like the jokes on the internet are not enough. So, Scott Menville (formerly called Red Herring called "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") Shaggy makes voices here. Believe, the voice is really LEVEL! Shaggy sounds like a 10-year-old boy and I agree that the voice matches the definitive blind look. However, Kasem's Uncle Albert of Shaggy hears his voice, which is a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not see well. Apparently, live action movies have been designed as CGI Scooby-Doo. Does Scooby Frank Welker's voice (Brain the Dog again refer to it?) Has not been improved yet. Robi, the robot owner, is almost worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be fun and makes "comical" impressions and provides safety tips ("Remember children, do not get under a tree in a storm!"), But it just goes into a cartoon Scooby-Doo. Once again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in the episode "Lightning Strikes Two", the "Castle thunder" is used across thunderclaps, almost wide! Scooby-Doo does not use "Castle Thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is why use "Castle Thunder" "Doo Get a Clue" for Shaggy and Scooby, DO NOT use it in live videos or "What is the new Scooby-Doo!" "(They used two episodes of WNSD, and it was not enough, unfortunately). WNSD and DTV movies used to be better than this cartoon. On the day of the show, I saw the first episode, and it was so bad that it was five minutes Then I went off! To do this bad show, "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" I rented it at the same time. And what do you know? "Pirates Ahoy" is better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and Even more, "What's new, Scooby-Doo!" It's better. And it seems that the new designs that people do not have are permanent, frankly. While using this video, live video videos are used by conventional designers, but " New Scooby-Doo What's New: "If you love or hate me, I do not recommend it. But if you have an AWESOME SERIAL series, that's why you love it! (Oh god, I hope Scooby-Doo's old cartoon is better than this new $ # * Being)! However, like WNSD, the bad accessory of the Scooby Cannon.
