Scooby Doo is one of the simplest, most successful and most fascinating cartoons in the world. So what happens when you're everywhere and when you do it with all the formula? Do you want to change? Wrong You stop production and you can rest for a decade and run again, keeping the core of its success intact. That is, with most machines with a formula but add flavor. That's why "What is Scooby Doo New", he retrieved a decade earlier that he wanted to recover the classic Scooby Doo formula, "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but it's mostly not original. "Scooby Doo is not there". <br /> <br /> The first sign of a weak offer (with me) is the inclusion of strangers; It might be good memories of the iterations of the past, but in general, "Scooby Doo" is not you think of Cinema-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dumen. Even worse, the exclusion of other fundamental members of "Mystery Inc", in general, from a group of productions that can not be understood from the child's perspective, indicates how it works. The basic premise has always been a group of diametrically opposing people, and by individual means, stereotyped features exceed the available tasks. <br /> <br /> I skip this paragraph into my theorization. If you would like: I hope that I am thinking of playing games with the basic elements of the show that is detrimental to everyone who helps the gang and how it helps them; Fred represents the driver, I think Fred's goal in general is to give direction to the team, organizational and sub-tasks. Fred is not a fortunate happy teenager, your boss, teacher, dad, is your authority figure. Fred is arguably moving and drives tasks (the problem is always the same Fred version). In many ways, Fred is opposed to Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, there is a bit of fear about things like you, being brave, does not stand on the back. Shaggy expresses emotion and is afraid of frequent emotions. Velma expresses rational thinking, applies logic, but as we see it repeatedly, it needs pieces directed by other members of the show. Did Velma leave the mystery left? The group often finds the opportunity to obtain the necessary information to complete their task through non-obvious events and coincidences, which Daphne represents. Sometimes (I think Scooby Doo is the first series) it's called "risk trend". Writers have used Daphne to accidentally link unrelated events. The secret section, collection of objects, or other details that can help connecting the clusters with the clusters, often find them. Eventually Scooby himself represents us, participant. It is constantly happening in the middle of the incidents, the rest of the gang can do all the things that it can, but it is disabled, because it is not human and it's like the TV viewer can not really participate. Scooby Doo works out that these problem solving elements are completely identifiable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking about things but, in my life, I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (I've been a 30) self-proclaimed nerd years old, kind of rolls to a territory). Magic for me is the classic formula "Scooby Doo", never to be confused. <br /> <br /> As many say; Scooby Doo is not a great piece of art, nor is it even worse, it is included in the category of programming that young people can look at with a compact breakfast cereal bowl. Simplicity with simplicity makes something else something less.
