Darcy and Pamela, their young daughter, left their father's partner Peter in the city where they left the country, becoming a writer, and bed and breakfast accommodation. Although the hostel is horrible, a girl Pamela learns from birth to a wounded devil who lives in the village. They call it "Tooth Fairy" because they would have children killed after getting the last baby. This inn has been called 'Tooth Fairy'. Now she looks at Pamela and her last child's teeth, but if Pamela waits for her fate, <br /> <br /> <br /> There's no old myth of the 'Tooth Fairy'. Paint her way very generous, as you would think she was a child. Do not they like to make the wonderful memories of childhood become a nightmare? Another one included in the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare similar to the premises, because I do not see the latter, but I read that they share the same idea above all. Directly on DVD short film, DTV is a good effort and has immense images that surround the book plot device. Low expectations are necessary, I would not classify them as a success, but it seemed very funny to me. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown's story or the story of 'Tooth Fairy'. totally naked, putting more than one original supernatural thing. Silly script is a good way to describe what's wrong with this story, but it's never really a fairy tale. Conversations seem redundant and morally hounded. The play is paired with soft characters to work, but Chuck Bowman's director offers tremendous whirlwind and compassionate merriment. Slows a bit of suspicion, it scares zero fears and generic tones. Management is sensible and impressive, with a sharp picture that contrasts the atmospheric photo. The hopeful start scene is very effective. His career can be slowed down in small pieces and a slow movement and unnecessary scene is strange, but nevertheless, it never happens with a boring asset, because it assured me that I was not bored. <br /> <br /> The Make-up effects were brought to the special effects, because it is enough repulsive rumors and looks like a Tooth Fairy especially gooey. The fairy image is a murderous threat in its black outfit, bubble make-up and fast movements. Being in the position is more natural and will help you get rich in the atmosphere. The children's actors can be very annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are rigid, but they can be a great cause for the likes of Peter and Darcey. Carrie Anne Fleming is one of the most beautifully decorated ones in her lodgings. PJ Soles puts it in a small part as a neighborhood superstition to warn about the evil that is hidden in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good stretch of time with a sound concept. It is not enough to light up and execution is a beautiful thing about beautiful textbooks. A nonsense nonsense, but at the same time very unforgettable.
