The Tooth Fairy is located in a small northern California town. In it, Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought the farmhouse and transforms it into a holiday inn. Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) joins her girlfriend. and young daughters of Pamela (Nicole Munoz), 12, arrive this weekend. While studying property, he is acquainted with a young girl named Pamela Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns the evil one to hide in her new home. This tells the story of a nasty toothbrush. . Pamela is worried and becomes even more so when her bicycle falls and her last baby falls on her teeth, there is not much to do with the evil toothbrush looking at Pamela's tooth and kicking it decides to kill anyone. It will be there ... <br /> <br /> Chuck Bowman, who has been working for the cable television schedule last night, is basically not very good. Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown, the producer's screenplay, are the first full-time 40-minute recap. At that time there was little interest, and the explanation is basically indissoluble. surprise anyone Characterizes the character, which sets the Tooth Fairy legend. The second half of the film improves a bit, but there is hardly anything spectacular, there are gore scenes, but everything is very predictable and forgotten. The character is not very good and most are only killed. This story is similar to Into Fairy (a fairytale story), after killing their children after their teeth, why does it go unrelated to non-murdered teeth? What happened after the 1949 preamble? Why is it returned as a ghost? Although it is a kind of ghost, it seems that it seems to have to open human doors to kill people to use weapons. He does not try excepting ghostly children with the greatest feeling of using supernatural elements. <br /> The Bowman director does well, is well done and there are a few decent scenes, but there is nothing excited. Here we would not describe the terrifying or atmospheric atmosphere, and do not report this and the comparisons between Darkness Falls (2003), it is very different from the tooth, it is very different. Gore is well, someone becomes a wood machine, it's a decline. Someone has broken his penis and someone is tied to a door, and is open in the stomach with an ax out. <br /> <br /> An alleged budget of around 1,500,000 dollars. Generally, the love of the tooth is well done, but nothing special here. The play is not very good, but it's not bad, and it's something I'm supposed to find annoying by non-childhood actors. Directly, the video horror fare seems to be everywhere these days, if you find a cheap copy, it would take 90 minutes if you did not forget about things that are not very demanding.
