I should have found out in the video store I looked at the box and I saw Lisa Ray - for me, Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" * ANY * for the movie. The movie is almost guaranteed * * will be wrong (for example, Congo) in Hudson (unless Ghostbusters were deliberately campaigning and bad). Despite my instincts, and as I saw the civilian brand, I rented another "tour de force" movie by Lisa Raye. In the end, I missed my "Hudson's instinct" I did not see OZ and I had a chance to see this very good quality series. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, this should be seen! This was the funniest moment. Plots are fairly straightforward: Racheal's (Monica Calhoun) sister dies by a group of brigandines (directed by Bobby Brown!) And, as in many theater acts, her guns ordered her to avenge her sisters. death To do this, he re-enacted the title of Ros of Gang (allegedly based on a true story of a female gang) and they committed revenge and, on the way, there is gold or something that could be buried. in town. It's a beautiful thing I will say about that movie, as I said, the stars made their horseback riding and they seemed like big clashes. <br /> <br /> The most fun scenes (unpleasant darts)? Check out the character of Stacy Dash or when Calhoun's character regains its guns (when the sky is clutching the shout) or Lil 'Kimen character Lisa Ray's character or a seductive character of Stacy Dash or Lil. Kim persuaded the character Lisa Ray to convince the group to recover the character of Asian Chick or Macy Gray, "Pay pays", and so on. So, except for the left eye of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown, I can not remember the names of other characters when I ran into those that I laughed so hard. <br /> <br /> If the director went through parody and comedy, it would be a great movie. Unfortunately, the first attempt was made to take seriously the exhibition, the sound design (in his defense, the work of Hip-Hop is very difficult), the design setting, the script or the historical research of the time (in my neu or series, they were the oldest in the west People with tooth whiteness in the western part? I usually wonder if it's not so good, I wonder: "Could it not be better to do it?" This is a clear answer for a long time, "Yes!".
