Why did anyone want to see it! If a teenager has a movie posted on YouTube, teenagers may be applauding so much with their mommy camera. I can congratulate my family and friends for working. Unfortunately, he was a very experienced filmmaker and, apparently, was a professional actress: this film is very sad. Sad ... and very pathetic, really. As I said, the video has a direct look at it. He also has narration and acting, but "non-professionals" are just loud. How can that be? The film has a lot of corpse and blood. Normally, this would turn me on completely, I hate ultraviolet films and I do not like to see all that gore. However, this is not realistic, it is sustainable. However, I should warn you of quite a few worrisome scenes. For example, the little girl throwing a radio on a lady-lady and seeing her naked and fried is pretty bad. There are also scenes, where you can hear the thoughts of psychos as women fantasize to die. Misogyny is a pretty level. People who write this are quite ill: we want to kill women for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a series of foolish murders, the movie goes to the dining table. black goof-balls without empty holes! They proud, talk, engage and sing. It's really fun, though I do not know how to be the scene. <br /> <br /> Then the film talks about sex crimes and murders, as well as vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know, maybe people were thrown into such a spirit. And, once again, you see and listen to the believable men of the apparent German thoughts and actions that people knew and killed to kill them. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, the film must be taken into account that the professional actors are to be used, I wondered why so many German people were chosen. They tried to play as Americans and suppose the movie was in California, they are accented live. Perhaps the German audience saw this and was surprised that the performance was "realistic", but it is evident to any American that Americans do not! Given the zodiac killer (which has never been caught), I wonder why he would like a "fan movie" for the threat of illness! Do I mean ... to understand film as a tobacco movie for movies? I just can not see anyone who wants to see or enjoy. In fact, I wonder what would work for stupid and aggressive films? Impossible and in the IMDb Down there is a list of 100.
