As Goethe said, there really is no intention of trying to overcome the negative opinion that the "great effect has had". The story "La Maman et La Putain" has definitely gone down in history, in France and has had a great impact on what has been done in the last thirty years, and no doubt that anyone interested in the history of the film. To make the decision a mere subjective, but here I have to agree with almost any of the published reviews and say to people: "Do not see it, the loss of your time will only leave you feeling ill and angry." And so I am not "sick and angry" about what is meant by "human conditions" or such general and profound, that most critics have taken on with the great praise of the film. "Observe in its terrific disciple of cowardice and emotional cruelty," and such a universal message or even Even if he gains some more important significance, the director would have good cause for himself to be happy. However, its effects can be pessimistic. In my movie, my beef is not justified and justified in the general message that justifies or justifies the long-awaited record that I've had, and that I've had little betrayal. The three main characters are people who are not morally boring: Alexandre, largely, of course, because we see much more, and rarely closes over thirty seconds; Marie, perhaps, at least, because she can see her least. Alexandre's monologues are infectious and seemingly worthy of play, of course, but thin play is thinner, it is clear that Jean-Pierre Léaud surely does not work and that's why "un homme" is absurd. Nicholas Ray's best movie, "he really had the verbal, verbatim, opinions that were played true and deep in the environment, along with Eustache's director, he has been living for ten years, according to the production of the time. I suppose the tone of superficial and void in 100% of the movie If he were to survive, he could work as a sardonic comedy, especially for the superficial and deserving of the next 68's. However, the spectator was at least angry at the viewer, Alexandre and Veronica were giving a long scene, which is why we clearly expected the moral universe to empathize and feel that they would share with us. If a man fled, a woman who loves love (especially a very flat one) loves another and marries a third party around Paris, yes, I want him right in luck In the dog dog I chose to create, I can not, however, have all the conscience In a moment, they hear a monologue about "anxiety" and "despair" for a moment. The same thing happens when Veronica becomes the most evil, who drinks in the apartment, and also shows the bed of Marie and Alexandre, and the inconsistency with childhood in childhood and indoctrination. As I said, "La Maman et La Putain" does not want to be more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, after leaving only half of all three people in the company that will never accept their homes at home. I think there is a way to legitimize the director for praise "(although it seems that I could think of" imaginatively "why it would have to be carefully conceived to create completely overwhelming characters that look at the film, but it seems that the director has clearly convinced himself and seems has convinced generations of criticism - Alexander, Veronika, and Marie are men's representatives in general and are the limitations of emotional abilities of human beings, but this latest idea is nonsensical and compelling. and it may be a tendency, but the nature and level of tragedy and stupidity can only be determined by those who make a sincere and honest attempt to work with these relationships. It is undoubtedly a hooligan of cinematic or author who hates a behavior like Alexandre, who is unhappy and will only be A man, ed o Women ending women who are waiting for love like Alexandre. disappointed and bitter. Check out "La Maman et La Putain" historically interested in culture and human interaction, in a nearby Parisian neighborhood of 1968, probably, unfortunately, only limited to some antisocial societies. . But do not mistake the credibility of mankind for the engraving here, as Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese could be.
