First of all, I would like to emphasize that this movie is a star that has given me 10 stars, and there is no reason to give it a star! it's really bad! Because I did not want to see this movie after seeing past advertisements, I only saw it by chance, since some of my friends had tickets and they had spare parts. Before I saw it, it was a pretty good idea that I was not a genius, I thought the premise was very absurd and stupid enough to get out of it, but I thought it was "but it must be something, good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson ..." I do not think both of them are incredibly wonderful, but they are great names, which usually only make films that improve their reputation. However, I got into the function for 10-20 minutes, and I realized that the movie was worse than I expected earlier. I was surprised by the scary script. He did not really act the actors, so much they did not know what they did (especially Luke Wilson). The story is completely predictable - if you've seen an ad, you've watched the movie! And there was no original about it, it was always well borrowed from all the "super-heroes" stories set in that genre, but it was not. Management seemed realistic. I felt that the director wanted to make this movie realistic and not satient completely, and yet, at some moments in the movie, they were so unrealistic as if it were to work as a satire. At the moment two characters in the movie seem to have died and one of the characters that survive has a line "Oh well, she is dead ... time to progress" and says that this is so noisy that it absolutely does not make any sense. I checked the clock about 40 minutes to see how much longer I should sit for myself. And then, it struck me ... I started to think "I've tried this picture in the studio, the worst movie ever made and the big audience ...". I did not think for this film for any other reason. In order to make the movies these days, the screenplay will take place on a massive screenplay and a few scriptwrites reach the stage of production ... I can not understand how to get the first draft ... at the end, and very stupid, the foundation-Ly ergel climax, I laughed laugh - just what filmmakers I want to laugh about, but it was the hilarious and stupid movie. Thank you God did not have to pay me any money ... because that was really upset !!! Oh, and I would add that, among these two Wilson brothers, I always liked Luke, I think it's more actors and more versatile ... but if you want to go further in the shade of OWEN, this is precisely the way of doing it ... Without a doubt, 2 hours After that wonderful waste, the job offer will be much more! And remember, it was generous as I was only 1/10, I could not choose 0!
