SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONAL, APPLICABLE, POOLS <br /> <br /> The film was distributed as "Seven Souls" in Italy. The original title was strange and I found out about some of Shakespeare's Venezuelan Marketer after some research, because Shylock used to make a great deal of connection with the trader Antonio. If the flesh does not return its debt. Italian translation Ben's plan looks at human depths, which is distinguished by human sympathy, which is original, sufficiently elaborate, to make people aware of it, refers to flesh, cold, rational, deep root. the physical side of man Unfortunately, I think Ben's true quality of the plan reveals the original title: "Cold Machina", aimed at "donating" parts of his body, but if human empathy is not true, at least the viewer is not allowed to see or perceive the whole relationship with the whole movie. . The only exception is a love story with a girl, and Ben seems to create an unplanned outlook that is not capable of transmitting emotional implications. I really did not like the idea of ​​the movie: the idea of ​​a person who eats his pain and his death due to the death of a person who decides to make a decision. guilty of suicide: in addition to being impossible, it does not make sense. I would like it, and I think it would be more positive if, in the end, he could decide on the idea of ​​suicide, and that he could decide to live, and that is why he helped them, and maybe even more, next to them. , and contributing to its presence. He would not want to save his life tremendously, of course: this could probably have caused more suffering, but I think it would be more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many obscure and distressing things: in the seven days the beginning of the beginning of God's creation (somehow, according to the Bible, there are six!): What does it mean? And what happens when a woman suffering from heart disease avoids running and even singing, without feeling ill, can have a normal sexuality, who will be able to destroy and donate her death as a result of her death. Body and parts of his body did not seem so much to try the feeling, both emotionally and physically, from his weak condition? The film is preserved through good performance, but the rest is a nonsense, from a logical point of view, but from a human and emotion.
