It has destroyers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has made excellent films, especially "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear", but "Country Dance" is one of his most curious offers. The story is amongst the top Scottish ranks, and Sir Charles Ferguson, the owner of the jewish farm, Hilary's sister and son Hilary Douglas, is a relationship he expects to reconcile with him. In his career as an official Navy, we learned that Charles was "a moral fiber". This seems to have given a detailed diagnosis of his condition; He shows the attitude of a dark disorder with the world over the whole movie, and the main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and whiskey bottles. The film ends with a movie that is in favor of a crazy asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole, when he was best known as "Lawrence of Arabia", was one of the major British actors, but the quality of his work was very different and he was 'Country Dance'. Not one of his best films. He restricts again, as if he were to hear the invisible aristocrat of the unknown Charles, as if he were to hear Monty Python's "Top of Class of the Year". Months and Michael Craig are just as good as Douglas as Susannah York, but there's no great movie performance. There is also no consistent argument that goes beyond the story of the downward decline of Karlos. <br /> <br /> The main problem of the film is not interpreted in the plot, but it does not speak the subject that speaks its subject. He has a relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least, on the other hand, he has a lot of unruly touches, and Douglas does not like jealous sexes that he likes. Unfortunately, even in the early sixties and seventies (the film was dated 1969-1970), the British Cinemas Censors had a limit on what was ready to accept and an explicitly mixed film. It was definitely unlimited. (The American title of the film was 'Brotherly Love', but this was not used in Britain, it was a great suggestion to the BBFC?) Therefore, these tips are never developed, and what does Charles or what is it? He has caused moral collapse, stirring in the midst of pure cinema. 4/10
