Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist and has become a diabolic scheme to study stem cells to create a hybrid hybrid shark shark. In order to produce this new species in the new Hunter Tylo's stomach. It's not easy for Tylo to be very hard and his boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not going to fight. <br /> <br /> Tylo and Forsythe will see Arthur Roberts's staff at Arthur's business director, along with Combs (Roberts worked once at the time of the scientist and Tylo), on his island's research and he experimented with the expert. This island has offered his work and "son." They think that stroke in the mother's cell is a breakthrough and can lead to many illnesses. Combs's son died of kidney cancer when he decided to cure science in science, that is, blood thirsty and flesh swam this creature and decided to walk on dry land ... away in a short time. With Tylo Combs, he worked with Roberts, his wife, Mariya Ignatova, with his wife. Together with Roberts and Ignatova Tylo and Forsythe, Elise Muller and GR Johnson are colleagues. Combs catches them in a conference room, but they can flee on the island, then send their well-paid mercenaries and a shark-shark son. <br /> <br /> Similar similarities to the channel type of creatures are similar. , Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some incredible effects on computer generated and attacks (... shaves where it rushes in the bodies) are quickly edited and shot in a full-length camera. . You have a dull idea of ​​being eating that person (... it is shattered), but the attacks are shot in a very erratic way and, in fact, they are angry. The same monster is never seen in its entirety, seeing a section of an eye or body, while the victim is crying afraid. One thing is certain, you see your teeth. We swim in the Shark Shark screen, threatening, threatening, ready-to-eat. The ongoing victims (... and then attacked) are seen as part of the invitation of the blood and meat pieces that are thrown over the water (that is, the director Michael Oblowitz's main reminder of breaking down the viewer). <br /> <br /> <br /> Combs does not break the ground as a scientist, but has always had the ability to transmit a quiet cold under this cut of blood. It's fun to watch Forsythe's role as an unusual roleplaying hero, as the electronics witch (which, for its approval, really comes out) must face leadership in the face of unprecedented danger. Tylo is also very different, which the scientist can well defend. Roberts can play businessmen who sleep and slowly shoot a gun to attack Combs' soldiers. (Even if his fate is not like it). Referring to this, they were hired by the Forythek and Tylo's top-notch automatic gunguns. As expected, the script created deadly killings for those who paid their sins that were put to unnecessarily endangered people ... I would seriously point out that those people could be attacked by attack. Can human anatomy do? Beautiful exotic setting is a nice background.
