Wherever these unknown islands are hiding prehistoric monsters, do evil doctors carry out their experiments, the mad cow hold the final karate championship, and the overwhelming riches seek men to seek sport? I did not know that there were not so many islands, but one of the mysterious islands that are used as a location, the stalks are at least 50. out there It always goes out so badly it feels comfortable and I immediately remove any point of any movie that uses this device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is experimenting on one of these scientists. So he had to do a lot of the movie even before he started. <br /> <br /> This film was used by Dr. Moreau, who recently bought the same Re-Animator, Jeffrey Combs. Jeffrey's old cell mum is doing a type of research, while sharks began to seek cancer while healing. If this is known, Deep Blue Sea is the same basic installation as intelligent shark, instead of mentioning other films in Nu Imag. So, apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, which he asked our mad doctor to start experimenting with his descendants. The genius made it a bit harder, making her son a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe takes one of the unknown actors on the island to explore the doctor's experiments. If someone were to give a sailor hat, it would be a wizard for Gilligan's Island Captain. In the usual fashion of Bond Villain, the doctor has decided that all the strangers will be pleased with their son. Do not chums, friends ... chum, like shark foods. So, enter the shark boy, who starts to run along the island of Skipper and his cohort. Of course, they try to escape slowly, and they are repeatedly frustrated, while a man is followed by a man with a rubber band. <br /> <br /> The movie did not miss out on one of the missed episodes in one of these abandoned islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, he thought of an old joke. Why hit the head with a hammer? When you stop you feel very well. That's how this movie is. The only reason to see it is because it's so good when it's over.
