Four pairs of couples are the "four" mismatches that arrive in London in the 1970s. Swedish girl, Danish, German, and Chinese. The story is about getting out of all outfits, some of which involve involvement with Carry On-type humor and linking it with different British TV and movie cultures such as Richard O'Sullivan. Coronation Street rogue Johnny Briggs and the horror movie, Ferdy Mayne (who plays a sheik). The amount of women's nudity is quite clear, for those who love things like that (but, of course, not hardcore). <br /> <br /> Most of the movies are pretty thin and irrelevant; Girls are stereotypes, and German Anita mainly has a kind of childhood disorder; Color is a wizard obsessed with television, which acts like children and decomposed dresses to deliberately depict their private parts; In a more serious movie, it would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film is Sweden's girlfriend who goes to a club in London where some types of dancers are still dancing, a midget rocket, seductive, and not realizing the scene. These sequences have little energy and intriguing film, when we finally finished. In it, music businesses and high-level skeletons and high-class classes live unhealthy and harmful (John Standing is a good turn for public school impotente roué). The strangest stories Chinese (Me Me Lay future cannibal movies veterans) flee with an employer with a humorous children's piano; He fell in love and fell in love at midnight and left no good reason. Orientalist idea "Chinese birds are impossible, right?" The film is embarrassing for the feminine nature, and one of the conversations and features is a passionate image of homophobia. It's striking for the end, Mayie's unmapped sheik (except for some kind of film), all girls leave their Arab kingdoms away from the world as the future of slave trade. They are very happy. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Then they make nonsense and nonsense, but they steer a lot of Val Green veteran's abilities, that is, as part of the film. British sexploitation films in the 70s
