I think, in the darkest and darkest part of his heart, everyone loves Jerry Springer a bit. His show is undoubtedly offensive and stupid, but it also allows us to see it almost as good as we can. The worst day in the park's bike whiskey drinkin ', Springer shows how glad you look at people, your worst day seems to be in the park. Jerry is doing a public service and we must thank him. He set a political career to take on the show, just for us. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is a garbage movie. The show "Ringmaster" shows how people live when they are invited to the show or want to think about it. The film follows Springer's pre-conditional line: Love Triangles. A triangle brings Connie, her daughter Angel and Rusty husband. The other with Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When two rugged groups get together at the LA, they unite and collide with each other, ending in an explosive show at Springer. It would be similar to "Short Cuts" if Robert Altman had a crack crack nest. I am glad that I do not live in the illness of the characters. The movie has a problem. It is billed as a comedy, but it's not very funny. There are few things to laugh about. Maybe some people see this and they do not stop. If you think blowing and raptures are fun, I think you're one of them. Personally, I laughed two or three times and I spent the rest of the movie with the horrible life of the trash. TV to the silver screen. A fun long-hour show (less, when you count your ads) it will not be necessary to be a fun ninety-minute movie. Films need to tell a story and "Ringmaster" has problems. The story is wrong. There are several plots and continuity flaws to quickly divulge attempts to tell so much a cohesion narrative. And yet, there were no such problems, how funny can a fun person like a stereotypical story of a stereotypical story? Hollywood formulas could also not improve. "Ringmaster: it's so bad, it's the best part of Springer's show: the last thought. In some ways, the fairest and simplest aspect of the show is much more complicated than the movie was built." /> <br /> What is happening by Springer himself, the actor is so evil and can not even convince himself to play. Springer's acting Springer is sad. Allen played a role in Jerry Springer and failed. Unhappy He had trouble creating this disaster. At least what you can do is try to make it much better. <br /> <br /> I do not know that 'Everyone from this movie was worthy of the merit award they gave, on the contrary, they all sucked. Not surprisingly, there's not much in this movie. The best of them was the best Molly Hagan job was achieved. A Nickelodeon sitcom. Apparently, Nickelodeon has no trouble creating a woman who has been the protagonist of the movie's worst film. 0 to be a children's program. We ask about other things about the other adults in that channel. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: this is a group that does not respect human beings here. The money for smoking, who has gathered and unites films that hate resources together and create a movie that shows how much their minds viewers think. Do we have to admit people who make films that deal with brain-borne serious emergencies? I do not say Somewhere in this crazy world and in this disorder, there is a perfect film for each one. We only seek. Until then, take care of and take care of your loved ones. And never see "Ringmaster".
