I can not say the worst movie I've ever watched "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster". The movie would be better if I were to make the movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) to hate me enough. After leaving the theater, I watched my only reaction to the clock and I noticed it was only 90 minutes. Years seemed much more. It's a never-ending repetition of the poor (or Jerry Springer seems to be poor), one after another, one after another, insulting each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention. shampooing. Plots, which a group of stupid people ties wrongly with their life to the Jerry Springer mill, advances only from the stupidity of the characters. This is not possible to take care of what happens. It never mattered to me they got the show, or what they said, or who they slept with. I may not care about them. Perhaps I see them as a kind of comic, their shameless behavior is fun. It's not bad. They do not shame at all. It's naive It's predictable. The humor must be something behind it so that a painful irony or a life experience can function in some way. Scatology is meaningless. An example. The mother has caught her daughter and her husband in bed. She goes through the revenge truck and gives her sex with her boyfriend. For a long time, after overcoming Jerry Springer's show, I had the same reaction from Andrew Dice Clay's nursery school; not laughter, just try. Finally, I found Springer's attitude as populist and arduous. He really advocated the poor, he would bring a single mother of Bed-Styke when New York wanted her children to raise $ 12,000 a year. Or, if not, at least the participants would cut profits. Jerry Springer earns millions for his shows, his movie, his book and videos. His guests had the chance to break the price of the trip, the hotel accommodation and the break. If the poor people liked it so much, he would give them the money they would spend at least. Springer seems to want to make this film legitimately. Jeez, with all the beautiful work, would have earned our respect. However, the movie is weak and boring. It is never offensive. If you want to be a better afternoon, after a night you throw away a nasty Zappa.
