Vampire Bat Klineschloss is located in a small German town where he was working with Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore), Burgermeister Karl Brettschneider, an auditor (Melvyn Douglas), about the latest killings. Six victims have been found. In many weeks they have drained their blood and have two sharp wounds in the neck. Brettschneider has no idea, but older people's superstitions believe that death is a work of a vampire. Brettschneider does not persuade them, but the dreaded inhabitants tell stories that follow a great bat. Meanwhile, Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was the last victim to be found. Brettschneider has a bigger pressure to solve the killings, but does he really think that the giant Vampire Bat is responsible and how to stop him? Directed by Frank R. Strayer, Vampire Bat was a cheaper to the Majestic Pictures, to win the success of Atwill & Wray's successful two-star success and the success of previous years, Doctor X (1932) and more, a mystery of murder as a horror and exploitative and attractive title can be headed You have to believe it and it is a very sad way. The script by Edward T. Lowe Jr. seriously takes the lead, and local citizens kill something that creates a basic story and can be a vampire, and in most cases, the film has Brettschneider and his invaluable research. It's not a fine point, it's boring. Vampire Bat also has some identity crisis; For he does not know what he wants, the title would propose a horror movie, most of which could be described as thriller, in the last few minutes. nonsense sci-fi. There's not a Vampire, what you're trying to do, all the characters are stereotyped and you can tell the wrong pieces right away, and in general there's nothing exciting or fun in The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but that's not an excuse for cinema since 1933, a great deal of blackmail, blurry, dull, boring and mischievous film like The Vampire Bat has just been released in the same year since the original Kingari Kong (1933) It is still still excellent today. I do not like and I can swear that many modern cinema viewers are just as simple and straightforward. <br /> <br /> The director Strayer does nothing special, but in this case it's a case. I can stop the movie in terms of age, in general, it's much more, the best shot and the best thing I expect. There are not many shades or dangers, although some of the collections that have already been extracted from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal in Europe have been added to it and added to many. <br /> <br /> Technically, I suppose a Vampire One can not compare remotely with modernity, regardless of age, but again I'm going back to the origin of your King Kong. With King Kong, this star of Fay Wray has the role of Lionel Atwill's horror icon, I'd like it and play it right. <br /> <br /> I'm going to think of a Vampire Bat. People began to think that Vampire Bats is a horror movie, that's not the thing I personally thought was boring. It's short and it tells the story quite reasonably, but I must admit that I'm not a fan.
