When writing this film, Mary Harron's director wanted to report on the progress of Bettie Page's career, starting from the early modeling day after the return of the young cancer and the 50-year-old religious retrieval. So it is enough that all these events on the screen seem to have been missing something for a long time, <br /> <br /> When you think about someone with the Page career, you would think that a lot will be discussed, reasons, decisions, life events, personal traumas, But Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, child abuse, domestic violence and group rape are short, but all the past are running and never mentioned again. Harron and Guinevere Turner (the writer) seem to want to glamorous and unloving anyone. You will be entering this movie to find out who was behind the posters, but it's a photo list that you've done all the same and creates some of the most famous photo-films. <br /> <br /> In the whole movie you really see it as frustrating, desperately revealing some layers waiting for itself. How did he balance his religion with his work? This young girl from Tennessee became a model of this kind of photography. The film only shows a go to a modeling agency, and it puts everything that has been said about it, but it would surely impress something and debate, that is, after the 50s. We are trying to find out how we are doing according to the current standards (no explicit sexual activities were taken on the page) and what this reaction was doing was very unfortunate. in the eyes of others sordid. Today we see a girl posing for girls dessert and think nothing about it, but we should be surprised by the current viewers. This woman was the main part of the Senate hearing about youth delinquency, but nobody has ever been surprised. Harron and Turner have avoided everything they can to the audience. Miss Page finds themselves as two fans who are constantly living and are disappointed that nothing can, in any case, have a bad light on their heroes, and that's why it's just as much to avoid investigating. (Before and after his career, his abrupt nature and mental problems are explained) And there remains only the chain of events that remain, without any substance.
