On September 26, 1983, a short 60-year-old woman Leonie Haddad, when her husband died recently, tried to kill him and agreed to an innkeeper's home-based housing authority. Haddad was not aware that his new home had come from the Patton State Mental Health Hospital and that there had been an unexplained bout of couples married couples three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that he was "rotten in Denmark" when he began to block the bathroom when he started writing a recorder, reciting the "seven gods" prophecies. One night, when Haddad's fears were confirmed, he woke up as he said he was sitting on his chest when he said he had a bread knife, "He inspired me to kill me." Haddad knocked him out of the attacker with a telephone, but he did not lose any of his finger and suffered deep explosions on his face and chest. A miracle survived. The buyer thought he was innocent as a result of insanity, but at the same time he sent shoes and screams, and he returned to the academy. It was released ten years later and he has found a celebrity today; but not because of brutal attacks on innocent victims, but 25 years before he was known by his "Curve of the Queen," "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World," Notorious Bettie. <br /> <br /> <br /> The director Mary Harron, known as the "American Psycho", takes us to the most famous day of the famous cheesecake and young model (which Gretchen Mol plays well enough) unconsciously wrote the blue iconography icon icon and its impact can be traced back to comics and passages TNBP is a fun, day-old day walk through a suggestive imagination in the 1950s, with the help of high-intensity guys and photographers, who has become the protagonist of the glossary of men's wristbands, Wink, Tab and Parade, a real dream movie star, and the authorities responsible for obscenity in 1957 The brush about 1957 will lead to the burning of the model and God himself mango says The overall style of the film is light and juicy and occasionally darkens to the attention of father's father and to a sexual assault, which does not have any effect whatsoever. Mol plays on her page on her photos, happy, caring, and entertaining. Even though the bondage planes have little understanding that can not be incomprehensible. The film optimizes the movie in the park that will give you books in general on the page, unhappy marriages of real life, personal tragedy and dignity in the face of nonsense insanity; Avoiding the basic foundation of thought, revival and revival. <br /> <br /> The page that appeared after a sharp decade found that its worship was rising from the mid-1980s and became an underground icon, many of which asked "What happened to Bettie." page. "His" mysterious "disappearance fed on any conspiracy theory by adding the appeal of his story. When the world media finally caught up, he did not give a shadow over the past, and soon interviewed Pamela Anderson and Anna Nicole Smith for magazines at TV and Playboy parties. equally tragic. He was now more famous than the "celebrated years" of his time, but the brightness of the "resurrection" was only a long time before he unveiled the whole story. <br /> <br /> The Notorious Bettie Page The most obvious thing was not really that it became obvious.
