I do not think the air rage in the United States has been a bad or bad program in The 700 Club. XX. It is currently equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the century. It is more than just the ability to understand the hate of good and sweet and human and pure. Millions of millions of Americans and their constant daily attacks, as well as millions of people around the world, who face humanity, cruel, horrible and no-brainer, have never seen television. The ridiculous lies that try to pass on as lies and truths that are eliminated, such as the idea of ​​"death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil", are so absurd that they really are mentally ill, so their fantasy is lost. Sane people know that religion is a drug and should not give up addiction to this type of fantasy. However, The 700 Club itself is in a class. They really are worshipers. While I believe in the freedom of speech, they spread hatred, lies, misinformation, and these wonderful ideas are unlimited. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will analyze the people who mislead this way, deep down in the fantastic terroir of religion, because they no longer already have the real concept of reality. . The treatment of such individuals is very necessary in this country because many people have completely lost their religion's fantasy. The 700 Club, however, is even more dramatic as the 'worship' raises the legal definitions, but there are more than 700 lawsuits in the Club, which are linked to millions of Americans who are currently linked to each other. . Among those who watched the movie "Matrix", you know that the movie was the metaphor of the land of religion: the evil ones at the top of each religion that suffers from religious abuse. selfish men who respond to oneself, and those millions who die by death, and are slowly absorbed into the force of their lives, say many people of religions and have lost their ability to understand what happens around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, these popular monsters would play 700 Clubs, out of the city with lanterns and jugs. But in today's world, people have missed all the possibilities in television reflections, and we have no television options to eliminate the 700 Club plague. <br /> <br /> The television classification system and the "V" television should be an "R" chip for religion, so rational people and worried parents can easily look at violent intellectual offense and violent emotion. 700 Clubs present each day in our country, themselves and their children.
