Here we have a much more classic patriotism. That's the case when you live in a small country very little in film history (no, next). When someone creates a little more film projects? Are there any traditional anti-family plays or long slapstick movies for comics? Everyone feels compelled to feel and express their opinion on the borders of countries. This is especially that the writer / director of this film is a national dear, but also a founder and singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is not a bad film, but it's definitely unknown (even if it's possible for a small country border) and nothing new or even remotely original. This is basically a flamenco version of classical films, such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia", and shows a mosaic of characters that are unrelated to everyday life, but eventually join together. The only one that seems unique to the first eight protagonists is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and close to party parties. The main problem of "Any Way The Wind Blows" is based on the characters. They are really random, they have no interest and, in fact, they are not commonplace. Probably, writer and director Tom Barman intended to describe the average and ordinary inhabitants of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is it? A character casts out his film projector, another is an eminent novelist struggling with the crisis of marriage, and later two brothers have lost their father, one of them is the "mysterious" wind. More characters are some characters that are on the screen, but they have to be mentioned a lot. These people are guiding them about very random issues (like the 80s, days and movements of each other) and no one matters to philosophy. Some interviews reminiscent of double mouths, especially interactions with twenty-one boys from Ghent, but nothing spectacular or memorable. The film is a tourist video that promotes the city of Antwerp and promotes documentary music and is more versatile. In Antwerp there are some elegant and elegant images, and there is always beautiful music, very loud or in the background. Generally, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a stylish and elegant effort, but it's very daily and a bit boring, and I'm honestly surprised that most of its fans could not see flamenco production.
