* Spoilers can contain * Originally Hood after I wrote my Living Dead, I wrote Living Dead, I noticed it was a bit too hard on this movie. That is why I decided to do something I ever did. Review the movie again. Do not get bad, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's dreck, and I still believe that zombies do not have that zombie-ish. The story of the film is still in my opinion, weak and rather fall. The story is about a man named Rick, a scientist who works (a disease that cures a cell that causes a serum, in the case of animals) and Germaine's brother; Both are not in the best conditions. My own, an original plot) and argue. Germaine shot one shoot a day, and Rick tells him to try to recover his serious friend (most people would call it 911, but whatever they do), the serum fails and Germaine "dies." (If this was not happening, the movie was not there), the police and the coronary (then the paramedics might have to show up at the end of time) show the coronary of the scene. (I still think that someone was throwing a voucher on a side of the "coroner" side, and Germain turned back to attack and kill paramedics. I would talk more about the earthquake, but I know if I can tell more about the story, you would not want to see it (and would not we like it now?), But it's enough to say the story (at least in my opinion) slow down and it's slow (it's not thinking ). As I said before, in my review, zombies do not look like zombies, I still think they seem to be fighting in a bar. This does not mean that all of us have to decline and yet have at least victims. Also, I do not like directors who constantly change the pace of movement of the area. They could not decide whether or not to run the zombies (as most zombie films do), I will not be wrong, I have all the zombies for racing, but they make up your mind. In one scene, the area is directed towards life, and on the other, it empties them. And sometimes it just does not seem credible (yes, I know his fictitious creatures, but still), of course, I'm talking about a zombie that walks his hand over a dark room. It's like a zombie lying on the ground, it shoots, and then it's as rough as the archery. I was worried about the sound of the movie, especially music; Since it could be a copy of that movie, it seemed almost impossible. It's an important part of a movie. Especially when a sound editing director shot a friend's camera and shot a small zombie movie. The play is still atrocious (I think) and the American actor of the Japanese movie "Junk". The film is still bad, less than the house of the dead, it is definitely better, but there is not much said again. There's no worst movie, and video movies are much better than just live, but it's not good at the end. In addition, I think the movie is really slow, even if it's only an hour and a half (and I still do not like the initial song). I think the best movie to be released on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I need to give this movie a debacle ten. But think so, at least not negative.
