Vivah, director of Sooraj Barjatya, a young boy from Delhi, Shahid Kapur, is 20 years old and plays an innocent girl from a small city that chose to marry her father. According to his innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees that he had married at Madhupur's home, and young Ms. Amrita Rao seems to resemble her charming origin. Weddings are established six months later, and couples will find their first love for youngsters, however, with a geographical distance. Amrita, who was raised as a result of the death of her uncle and her aunt, only fell a few hours before her marriage. And then Shahid is honored to honor and unconditionally embrace. Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, the new Barjatya film, Vivah, is a family of one level with a very idealistic drama. premise Unfortunately, the plot of this new movie is out of date, much worse than the regressive Soap Kapoor's soaps. And the problem is clear? You can only associate a bad bone like those with no clean body in their body. Hindi movies are a lot of supporters and opposites, and time is an important factor. Twenty-five years ago, maybe the plot of Vivah might not feel like that, but now it seems like a product of the time that has come into the liver. Perhaps the only grace of the film that leads to the end of savings from the beginning to the end is that the intention of the filmmaker is not to deceive. Before judging Barjatya's films and jury, you can believe in Barjatya in a perfect world, who believes in his golden characters, believes that many families can live together on the same roof. the slightest blow. However, he can not return his view to the screen. It's hard to see how the protagonists look at each other. Shahid and Amrita, virtuous and virgin? I mean, think about it, it's the first time it takes hands for an hour and twenty minutes. Barjatya may think that his Kiya Kiya roots with Vivah, but it is true that we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in this film, or even Hum Aapke in Hain Koun's Salman and Madhuri. Although they created the same Vivah mold as Shahid and Amrita, the pair had wickedness and masti. Shahid and Amrita are just boring and boring. For a movie that tells his story to tell music, the filmmaker chooses a string of the 70's style, which only reduces the lighter rhythm of the movie. If I had to choose Vivah why he worked for the only reason, I'm not sure I'll be in touch with the characters who live in Barjaty's story. Perhaps for some, Vivah will give hope, such as that the perfect world will be somewhere. But I'm a bit cynical. So give me Hum Aapke Hain Kaun's Madhuri Koskor, the bratty Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, although I'm going to take this bad Karisma Kapoor with Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these ills. You know, some weddings are not in heaven. This is Vivah!
