Obviously, the viewers were as good as Things To Come ("Why they came"). This means that I would not enjoy it more than I did. In any case, listening to a movie described from a different perspective may be useful. Directed by William Cameron Menzies, he has worked as a production designer and director art director. HG Wells is a cinematic adaptation of the novel of his own name. In my opinion, a great novelist helps to prove why he is not a good screenwriter. <br /> <br /> The film began in 1940 in London as "Everytown". The war is growing and Everytown citizens are worried about their arrival. It is not. And it has become a decade-long affair that essentially destroys civilization. Wells and Menzies jump in time to showcase different scenes related to war and consequences. We can see two riders, one down, one with the effects of their raids. We know the post-apocalyptic community that manages a war chief. We will meet a growing man with a futuristic society. We see how technology is changing. And lastly, until 2036, we have taken the full realization of the futurist society, where the leaders are discussing the merits of sending man to the moon. It just works as a film. Actually, the movie is too episodic, hardly a bit. In the third segment, I've completely lost track of the characters. I had barely sorted out the first two sections. New faces parade is ongoing. We will not learn anything about one of them. <br /> <br /> It does not help individual segments, with a couple of exceptions, correct and edit awkward. Sometimes they are also handlers - it almost starts to feel like a propaganda movie. But perhaps contradictory, the segments are cold and emotionally dry. <br /> <br /> In fact, a long section is like music video / industry promotion video. If there are plans for the construction of futuristic cities, with large machines and many welding. At one point, a man who looks like an astronaut creates a wave with the camera through a futuristic camera. The music of this section is between the horrors of the militarist and the evil scandal. I can not say that Things to Come is based on dramatic material. <br /> <br /> But the cry for boosting Things to Come is that it's "a movie about ideas". That may be true, but there are a couple of problems in this way. One still does not work in a movie, that is, as visual and dramatic works of art, and two are not too ideas present here. <br /> <br /> The main idea is what war is and what does civilization do. It's great to do a movie. It is also very surprising that, before World War II, 1935 scriptwriting and shooting things (published in 1936). Wells has some interesting things about war, some of which are against the usual interpretation of the film. For example, it suggests that the ending looks like it is creating another war, or it will do it at all times. In general, a message is pretty pessimistic. Wells seems to be showing that war is merely a part of human nature, but it can not be eliminated, even though "progress" does not prevent it, perhaps, it makes progress, at least indirectly. That would be enough for a movie. However, there are more ideas here. The scene between the two riders is the scene of the movie. It's a complex problem. One rider fired the other one, but now he helps. But the pilot who was kicked has a poisonous gas that passes through the field. They can not breathe a bit of gas. The girl matches. Only two expense masks work between them. The rider who had been shot down to his mask offered, but says he is dying. What to do It is not possible that the scene can be extended to extension, but the ideas that help each other and strangely add each other's curiosity to a movie are enough to build a movie. > <br /> Another example. In the postwar apocalyptic environments of the warlike scene, it is a contagious disease that surrounds the "wandering illness". The victim turns something like a drunken zombie. The usual procedure is to shoot the victims in an attempt to prevent the disease. This material is treated as a subsequent thought. The idea is wonderful and its worth the movie. <br /> <br /> Wells also deals with the controversial socialist ideas of future societies. That was enough for his own film. It's impossible to tackle so many things about 100 minutes a bit, especially as the film's crossfire is instead of dramatic attraction. <br /> <br /> However, there are reasons to give things. at least one look. If you have all the science-fiction hobbies, it's a historically important movie. The origin of Menzies makes production and set designs interesting, although cinematography seems very dated. It's also interesting to see how Wells saw his "predictions" a pre-retrospective or retrospective mood. I especially enjoyed the moon's propulsion, which reminded George Méliès of the trip to the Moon in 1902 (Le Voyage dans la Lune). Do not expect much to expect too much.
