"Dreamgirls" is a premiere of the 2004 drama of the semi-neglected music melodrama, and Supremes is considered as a source of inspiration. Five years before the release of "Dreamgirls" Broadway, and at the same time set, young people have a story about a group of black girls and history. Joel Schumacher has written before becoming director of the main studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this movie seems to be on the cover. In fact, Schumacher weakens the story and the character, which reproduces the most common clichés and eyeglasses. Sam O'Steen, the director-best film director, has no crumbs to stage musical numbers, focuses on production like low-budget television with a frustrated episode. <br /> <br /> The story follows that three Harlem sisters - sexy sisters, self-righteous Delores and sweet Sparkle - sing in the choir of the church, Stix and Levi soft boys, but they will find good intentions and then sing the group's success they will find the first taste. Hearts wearing a sweater, and then as a bright trio named Sister and the Sisters. But, of course, there are problems beyond the foreign name of the group. Sister Satin Struthers is involved with rigorous traders, which makes cocaine junkie. Levi will go to prison in a trap of Satin's pickup; Stix has failed and is often bad for some Jews who put public in order to get financial help; Only Delores feeds; and the poor Sparkle must decide what the future wants. The great advantage is that the singer of R & B Curtis Mayfield wrote great atmospheres, "Look Into Your Heart", the real winner. Look / Into Your Heart. <br /> <br /> It's a good piece of work depending on the circumstances. Lonette McKee is disguised as a brave attempt to make a tragic picture of a Sister out of the twelve stroke. Before they hit the first television on the second level, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood portray Stix and Levi if the vitality of the children is not credible. The best work is the silent silence of the mother of Mary Alice and the "Fame" of "Pamplona"; He has tried to do it with great sincerity in the title (although his clients and his hair should be filmed according to the horrible appearance of the stylist, he gets the final scene). The DVD comes with an original trailer that comes with DJ Casey Kasem and the original trailer that comes with a five-song bonus CD from the original movie, made by the original cast, but with Aretha Franklin's recording of the soundtrack in 1976. It's not a terrific movie, it's just an interesting curiosity that covers the same land as "Dreamgirls."
