Do you know the concept of children's artworks? It's not a three-year-old child who has ever achieved the greatest Picasso, but encourages you to do more. If the painter is happy, parents must have a reason to have a child. Usually, if you want to paint or draw a child, you will immediately see its future style. You will see their true form in these very primitive doodles. This concept of children's art I felt about being a cheap and creative Fuquaen Bait movie. While it was a huge film on all accounts, it was amazing to see the emergence of Fuqua's style among the different moments. If you have seen the Day of Training or King Arthur, the second movie of this director will be surprised at the creation of Bait. Despite Foxx's superb performance and detection, there are some scenes that define Fuqua and show his brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, it was only created in the last thirty minutes of the film, but only when focusing on those scenes, will you see why it appears with the name of Fuqua "Best Of ??" movie listings <br /> <br /> I do not ever agree that Fuqua's eyes have a refreshing and unique look behind the camera. The ability to put the camera in strange places to express the easiest emotion is astonishing. I am surprised that most Hollywood people did not jump. In a stupid bait, you're witnessing the greatness of Fuqua. The two live scenes are in the middle of the film and the scene of the explosion near the end of the horse. In both scenes I saw the director of Fuqua working. Unfortunately, the rest of the film that I saw was the combination of all the films that were created. Suddenly, a happy fortune hero who has turned his life on an unknown life into Hollywood is a classic structure. We've seen these two frequently and unless you're the one who is not (Kaufmann Charlie), you can not rebuild the wheel. It's impossible with this genre and proves it with Bait. I was angry with Fuqua to be seated and so it happened. That's why I was given three perspectives to finish this movie. I was tired of that structure, and waiting for Fuquek to redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then there was the play. Jamie Foxx has never surprised me as an actor, but I was ready to test this vehicle. He wanted to guarantee another dramatic aspect with the collateral guarantee. I never thought Foxx was the movie chosen to showcase the producers that could participate in this task. I was disappointed again. Foxx was annoying. It did not mean that he should be his own nature, but felt that Fuquak or Foxx did not have time to train Foxx and what else he should use. plot Instead, we're going through Foxx's scene scene, trying to laugh at the audience. Adding second word secondary solutions and cultural expressions, to make the audience a comic, to understand the second actor. Fuqua should stop immediately. Foxx's joke destroyed his character, at the same time I did not give any strength. Instead of developing the character, it would break a joke. The style did not work, no joke was fun. The rest cast was average. That means I have seen similar roles. At the table there were no good news, nothing in the story was strong, and nothing related to the film's issues. The empty pawns were filled with dead space. Fuqua does not control any such rejection, and the final judgment only accepts this accusation. <br /> <br /> In general, this sad movie was. When it comes to creating visual creations and unmanaged actors, when he began to be a tale, he quickly sank into the white movie theater. Foxx was annoying, with no lines of characters and a whole bag of cheese. In each scene I did not see emotion, and when emotions were necessary to convey a message, it decided to eliminate the shirt, instead of dealing with problems. Are my words so hard? I do not think so. When you watch any movie, you can see some creative, edible characters, and home-based themes. Bait had none of them. Given the two scenes of this film, Fuqua gave fifth the rest. It seems that I was renting this movie, but after seeing it, I can happily stop others from taking this curious look. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** out ***** (by default) to watch two scenes
