666: When the baby begins to crash, 666 survived a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), Erika (Sarah Lieving) and Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) and his camera as Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent), a young reporter . Channel 6 reported the event. Initially, Donald seems to be a normal son, but it seems that death continues, after Nun and Vicar Scott have warned that Donald is incredible and begins to cause the cause of death ... <br /> <br /> This DVD-directed DVD by Jake Perez, He directed a direct horror movie with Jake Jackson and 666 he said: "The baby is pretty bad. Asylum is in charge of a movie I'm worried about, because I'm worried about his career, it seems that he has to make low-budget horror films and / Specialized in the distribution, some of the most popular budget horror films and the 666 cases are repeated in particular: The realization that The Child you do not know the rocket science realizes that it is a complete commitment to take the final version of The Omen (2006) released the same year. Henry and Austin Laurel's script are horrible and simply can not match the Hollywood equivalents I mean what does Donald Antichrist get from the middle-class bourgeois families? It is hardly an excellent starting point to bring about the destruction of the world? Each character of the 666: The baby is the shape of the main character of The Omen, who tries to warn the parents, that is, the cunning babies. The misunderstanding is not true, there is hardly any gore and bad ground. I mean, because a dentist Donald is dying trying to repair his teeth, because they are random and necessary, everything that Donald knew was not exactly where everything was coming from babysitters and everything that connects everything. A very dissatisfied mixture is very rapidly getting bored. Number 6 references become annoying and incredibly incredible. <br /> <br /> Perez is doing well, I suppose. Almost no blood or blood, some blood spray, cut it manually and someone stuck in a circular face, but it's much better than on the screen. It's definitely not terrifying, it's not because of the setting up at that time in a home-made interior environment, and there's no tension, we do not really know what Donald is trying to do, and that's why he's not threatening. <br /> <> Technically, the movie is fine, it's pretty well done, but the real movie is so bad it does not make much difference. The operation was not so great, but at the same time I've seen it worse. 666: The baby is a poor man, I suppose, I saw it as an original one and renewed it again every day of the week. It's not good and it's definitely not recommended. Succeeded by 666: The Beast (2007) and went to live DVD.
