THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is found in a recreation center, others are similarly wounded. And he has to face a new life there, in a wheelchair. The premise is interesting and hopeful, but unfortunately it does not spread. As a result, it is a Hollywood sculpture with interesting moments. Undoubtedly, the play (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes et al) is great and works well here, but their talent is wasted. They are mostly characters or other stereotypes, and most of them can not be explained much (the Snipes character is an exception). I think this is an attempt to break through the ideas of people "avoided" or "weak", most often on the face, but it is totally annoying to experience. . Actually, it will show you something that goes through persistent disability, as it is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and good idea, but while the process is depicted can fit into a difficult person, it is worthwhile not participating in these characters In different levels, they must be contemptible. They would not even have to be disheveled; surely, somewhere in the middle earth. As a result of the film, Eric Stoltz has been able to accept character as an incapacity, but since the beginning of the film is the endless narcissistic monstrous monster, we could not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to the problems of the characters, the movie has a curious syndrome that has a lot of Hollywood films; Syndrome is not really an official name, but you can call "Inexplicable Forgiveness Syndrome". Something similar happens: the characters fail each other, and then, without forgiveness, all are forgiven (a particularly bad example of which is in The Breakfast Club, which is most often passed by the character). shoot to listen to the people they hear in word; As a result, they love each other. In one of the last examples of Spiderman 3, the superman surpasses The Sandman Manhattan dumps and seems like a 15-minute monotone with Spiderman. Greetings with "goodbye" now). The most intriguing example of The Waterdance's IFS, after being called by the racist character of William Forsythe and his friends, is the n-word of the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes continues with the same character as Forsythe. The next scene, just like what happened little. Once again, "Oh yeah, when I'm around for this business we're sorry, you know, n-word." Do I ask people to watch these movies before they really release them, or shoot their eyes closed, in a room of editing, depending on the number of scenes, and call them a day's work?
