... Jamie Foxx was awarded a prestigious Academy Award. "Ray" was surprised by Foxx, who was impressed by the fact that he was one of the reasons why he was surprised to see his hammock, as it was being interpreted in films like "Bait" and "Booty Call", I would never imagine that he would ever have an Oscar. People told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx won an Oscar one day, I would laugh at her face. Who knows? Perhaps better if you see the drama, "Bait", it is clear that the comedy is not his mind. I swear, Jamie puts so much bowl in my mind that he would not fall into his face. And why should he do it in every opportunity he gets in these stupid voices? Those who know commercial comics such as Bob Newhart and Steven Wright know that doing the comedy is not loud and disgusting. If the joke is fun, it's fun. If it's not fun, making a crazy accent will not be fun anymore. The problem I've had with some comedians who try to watch is like laughing at a great character. In real life, normal people are not always a great return and departure. As in an interview with Albert Brooks in a "Driver's Taxi Driver", it's important to be as funny as your character rather than being a comedic comedy. Jamie's violation of this rule is a great example of the absurd scenes that his manual films play, and is like a model posing in front of the pictures. If the ordinary characters were being thrown in jail, would you really be stupid to make copies? And could the police not scare him? There are some similar scenes in the whole movie. Another awesome sequence is that Jamie places him in an inappropriate way, with the evil one, and begins to make a false accent on the Caribbean. It's not fun! Jamie never seems to know the time of a joke. Committing a comedy requires patience, whether it goes live directly, whether it's time or not. I'm not a fan of Mike Epps, but his performance, too, in front of Jamie. Actually, I felt the first time when I felt open when it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same mistakes in the comedy, but at least one chooses a lower key. One of the whirlwinds of a comedy is David Morse, an actor who is known for his role as criminals. It seems to be the only actress of the reality-based film. However, Doug Hutchison's "Green Mile" star pointer is terribly fond of it. A great surprise, because of the excellent performance of "The Green Mile", also played a lot. Antoine Fuqua has proved the chopsticks that are directed at "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". In "Bait" it shows how action can lead to secondary action. His only problem seemed to have been Jamie Foxx's discipline, probably improvised half of his script with another bad joke. If you do not get fans of Foxx, do not take it out.
