The plot of this horrible movie is so confusing that I put a spoiler warning if I do not know if I give anything. The audience has seen a man dressed as Jack the Ripper in an old man 100 years ago. We are in modern times and a young Australian couple looks for a house. In this house, the long journey is incredible and the husband sees an old image in an old mirror. There, some 105-year-old women lived. There are also large iron panels on the wall. They are renewing a straight-on razor and restoring the husband. I think he blames his beard because it starts to get strange. Yes, the couple can not have a baby because their husband is vacant. <br /> <br /> Some molds appear to rise up the wall when the iron panels are removed and the mold is in the shape of a person. At the end of the story, there is a large plot of money to save money, and the husband kills his bodyguard and colleague and steals money. Wife is pregnant <br /> <br /> What happens? Who knows? IT IS NOT EXPLAINED. 105 year-old woman was the son of the series killer? Little sister? Why were walls made of iron panels? How would this serial killer be kept in the winery? Where her family was locked and she died starving? Mr. O. Hobbs and why is it so desperate to get iron panels? He has never seen. Why killed the series killer? We see only one old man. Is there a model or a reason or something? Why is your wife suddenly becoming pregnant? Is the demon killer? Does he get infested with his wife? And why, if his husband was capable of killing and killing a large and strict security guard, could he not overcome his wife? And how powerful is the Australian tension system cutting a light wire that would hit the whole room? And why does your wife stay at home? Does the series killer now? Will the baby die again? <br /> <br /> I wanted to call this movie to the PBS station and I wanted to make money again! The only pleasurable aspect of this story was that the husband and wife only spent a lot of time in their boxers, but that was not enough to get rid of the mess and the incoherent mess.
