To avoid confusion, let me explain two points: I'm not a red neckerchief. I am not moderate and not conservative. On the contrary, I'm radical: the liberator. Or I'm not a WASP, I was not born in the United States either. Jorge Luis Borges says that some kind of folk that do not feel poetry and those sad people usually teach life poetry. This film was made for people who do not feel poetry and show-off. and I dare to point out that people who do not have sincerity or, on the other, respect people's lives or death (especially as the victims of the Yankee victims on the ground are believed to be "bloody imperialists"). The original eleven episodes eleven minutes, nine seconds and a frame found the original idea particularly stupid and repulsive. Very common Why did not they allocate a budget per episode as a person per each episode when they attacked? The whole idea is somewhere between stupidity and courageous behavior. Seriously (and about life and death) about filmmaking seriously, it should angryly condemn entries and non-incidents. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost funny - and India - when he explains the story of a man who had badly and incorrectly attacked one's own assault, then did not say it. He returned home and was an American Muslim (and, indeed, when he knew facts he was honored as a hero). All other nine episodes, basically and very boring and emotional, can be divided into two categories: <br /> <br /> First: 'I do not like thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults, old people ...' and They can get bored and empty emotion. Makhmalbaf-in (Iran); Lelouchen (France) ?? I'm not afraid of Lelouch's commitment since then, but maybe it's almost as if it were based on an idea that is almost as original as its origin. Tanovic-en (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitai (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "The Yankees are bloody." Frustration and hatred can be started again. Chahine (Egypt) is in favor of suicide bombing; Loach (United Kingdom) allegedly had no criminal offense on 9/11 due to a number of forms of punishment that the United States allegedly supported by the murderer of the August Pinochet series, Augusto Pinochet, who was the victim of Pinachet's victims. What is unrelated to Al-Qaeda and that of Chile is a South American country, not just Mr. Bin Laden's authority. Likewise, it must be reported that the American government against the dictatorship of Chile is more punishable than sanctions; and, as Imamura (Japan) says, WTC attacks are linked to World War II. It has been at least consistent with imamura: the cause of the supposed cause is a completely absurd connection, that is to say, a man who believes in a passage as a snake. It wants to be dark. It's really fun, though. <br /> <br /> Some errors have a certain error, including some Americans, and that movie is not commercially projected in the United States, in other words. censorship In truth, less: the film was not projected in the State, because it was a complete fiasco. The most fascinating type of fiasco In Buenos Aires, where Peronism and fascism are the closest and most beloved of the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants, and the American one is fashionable, the movies became theaters and buzzed on the bicycle. A great public: a few sad sadnesses that give them the same unusual championship. McDonald's fast-paced restaurant or perhaps just like the old Jew smiles.
