Singleton has serious problems. I am sorry that he thinks he is quite intelligent; However, this movie is almost comically transparent and is a direct one. Additionally, there are a series of "maybe it's likely" messages, as we have in our local Nazi radio stations. I mean, who will directly assault himself in a series of Nazi attacks? However, Singleton's portrayal of "fighting" is terribly stupid and it seems that the protagonist is designed to exhibit features that are more than fighting blacks. There is another "bad" (a real drunk boy) who raises one of the protagonists of the movie. In this case, I think that Singleton's portrait of a woman who portrays the situation is surely a pleasant job when he asks members to use a condoms and does not want to use one or not. In any case, he does not accept requests, he stays and converses despite his thoughts. I think that this type of rape is very common and, in fact, many uniformed people deny that it is a rape. Well, does not mean no, this is rape, which is probably a lot going on throughout the country at Universities. <br /> <br /> After settling rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When the husband and wife want to call the woman, he refuses to call his roommate to the victim by telephone, at which time his unmarried husband calls him the "black bitch" of the same class. The overdrawn companion appears to go to the advice of Ice Cube, and, at the same time, they continue to humiliate physically and extend their abuse to relatives and abuse them for "excesses" for some of their racially aggressive comments. However, a smaller crime of rape (apparently singleton's head) is not mentioned. Again, no one should really feel the brother for the boy; However, it seems that Singleton is sending a double message that a racist comment is a crime, and rape and, in any case, violates the justified violence. It was really something important in Singleton, but with no doubt a talented director, he seems to have no maturity or depth to get something out of that magnitude.
