Blob starts with one of the rarest songs ever, not everyone is singing by an accredited singer Burt Bacharache! You really have to listen to believing this. This may sound worthless to see Blob song and my comment summary is one of the best favorite lyrics ... After this last worrying sequence, The Blob introduces us to Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen's Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin ( Aneta Corsaut), someone is parked somewhere and what happens is a meteorite, a forest that falls into the Earth. Olin Howland (Olin Howland), a resident of the cabin, will also see and investigate an old man. He finds a rock that draws a crater and strange football, openly sliced, bent with a stick. Setting it in the middle of the meteorite is a strange jelly like substance that sticks to the stick, what do you mean! Then the stick bends and the appendix arrives at the hands of the old man. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane are reluctant to take care of their business while the old man steals Steve's car, Steve decides to take the old man Dr. T. Hallan (Steven Alden 'Chase Steven) Chase) with a local surgeon. Dr. Hallan says I do not know what the substance of the old substance is, but he is getting bigger and Steve asks him where he found out and see what happened. Steve agrees, but does not find anything and returns to Hallan's surgery, he sees blob swallowing. The people of the country, teenage boys, Dave Lieutenant (Earl Rowe) and Jim Bert (John Benson), are surprised to believe that Steve and his friends Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) and "Mooch" Miller ( James Bonnet) has practiced a practical joke about the police department, however, he continues to eat tin using Steve's village to find evidence of existence and convince the police of his people, but about the threat around the world! <br /> <br /> Irvin S directed by Yeaworth Jr. and Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was much disappointed with the original version of The Blob in 1958. Kay Linaker's screenplay Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson are very boring, taking advantage of the strongest parties. Blob teenage and police It is based on dramatic and striking confrontations, most of which Blob uses to save Steve from the police, but most of his films are hardly ever It has been forgotten and forgotten. It only has two or three scenes at the time of the fist up until a bit, until adults and teenagers are less than the most exciting scenes that need to work to defeat the blow; Why could not blob eat a lot? Is there no explanation for the space of blob or its origin from space that has not come from space, how long did it take to get it out? It's also a bad and stupid conversation, and even the actions and decisions of the people, I love the part of a Kate-named nurse (Lee Paton Lee Payton, when anyone has used their real name?). She throws a few acids over her and restarts herself "Doctor, nothing will stop!", how do I know that "anything" will stop at exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it, they do not take into account the special effects of blobs, but it does not really have the screen, it's time and it is very slow, generally similar to the movie. The play is awful, McQueen's teenager is supposed to be 28 years old and shows that he looks like he has a father! Most of the 'nerds' cast members do the same, and in general, in general, they are all wood and do not believe in their roles. Technically Blob is very basic, a dark static photo, dull direction and unforgettable production. Blob is one of those films that is well-known and is "classical", but it's finally empty. In that case, The Blob (1988) is better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the new version is not original, Dropper contains blood or gore and remakes, original Blob plays very poor plays and polling decisions. Only three or four people with a small screen only eat and innovate the blob and eat almost everyone. Selection is easy, every time the new movie is a better film for all parties. I will give two stars of the film and I will give them great songs of the main theme. Certainly, it seems that many classics are not.
