I saw STARIFT in the 50th anniversary of the day, in June 1950, Truman ordered the US forces in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you will see, largely, is based on the Californian Travis Air Force base, which was used as a scenario of soldiers who are outgoing in the Korean war. But you should do your research to find out about it, because the name of the aforementioned 'Korea' was not in the film. The transport aircraft will fly with fresh troops and we will return with wounded soldiers, but there will be no mention that these men will fight or wound themselves. What is strange, a movie designed to greet the flag and to greet the men of American uniforms. Released by Warner Brothers in December 1951, STARLIFT has made a great effort to repeat the success of the studio's success in the "Hollywood Canteen" World War II Saga. The best-selling 1944 soldier sold three soldiers who had spent two nights hanging on the night in the famous LA Injured Army to get a date with Joan Leslie. Actually, it was just a pretext for each of the stars contracted by Warners, from John Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet, and more. A soldier with STARLIFT Air Force intends to meet Nell Wayne (a Janice Rule mask) with a Starlet star and can create stars of Warner Bros to show up on troopers. However, Crawford instead of Garfield and Warner's brothers could make the best of 1951 Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris, who appeared in James Cagney, Randolph Scott and their apparent appearance. shameless looking for Gary Cooper. This combined star, which would unravel conventional solar power, is matched by high fertility production values. It is expected that efforts have been made to save money using a really bad background projection. What's wrong? You can see the group that fills the floor of the sound screen. As a misfortune, unforeseeable and tertiary film describing STARLIFT, making a kindness is unfortunate, lazy, and third-party. It's really awesome. Avoid.
