Like most reviewers, I saw this in Starz! Depending on your order. Having seen the preview with my girlfriend, it was not a bad prediction to see her. On the other hand, I thought I was justified in seeing it. I mean, that the design of Dr. Meso is thrown on top of that title. After watching, I can also say that there are some interesting aspects (that is, crawling notebooks and attempting to try the incomprehensible story), but this is the best thing to do. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After the first video that has not yet finished CD, Cassidy's singer dies his own Neil's husband Neil to get himself. 3 months later, if the team tries to finish the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy wants, Meso doctor will go to see an old psychic friend and try to get in touch with him. In the reading of the card, Doctor Meso directs four of the four direct countries directly. Bad times are coming. (Finally, I want to finish the movie, I explain that the death card is just a change, at least with friends). Even without the approval of the deceased, they decide to go ahead. to finish the album But in the bathroom, Dora, the best friend of Cassidy, looks at her dead friend. When a friend of another team looks for him, Dora is in the dark, asking for sunglasses. When the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem is that the main problem in the movie seems to be a blame. The excessive effects of layers, unnecessary zoom and many other cheap effects make this film guess. An incoherent storyline is nothing. While hanging in the narrative during the first part, after Cassidy revives, everything falls. Dr. Cassidy and Meso (who have been able to access a blocked building) jumped cuts, which shows that they are somehow connected. However, in just a few minutes of this revelation, Cassidy is truly independent of Mesoamerica. Afterwards, he turns the boy who helped his revenge and moves away as Jack Nicholson recalls Joker's way. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From that moment on, Cassidy will show a location, but it is not uncommon to stop socks from one character to another outside the sequence. A scene is seen standing at the Cassidy desk, when a character enters the next, it is not found anywhere. While moving behind the table, we see it at the end of the corridor. Then, in another room, the keys (Neil already) and then again. Instead of quoting from time to time, it seems that Cassidy's reflections can be carried out with 180 catalysts. At one point, everybody wants to kill him (although he has injured 90% of all the characters) - he asks everyone to apologize and the door will come out again to kill him. Mixed sound That's it. The disorder is a mess, the writer can not believe it. <br /> <br /> In terms of performances, most of them are wooden. Some, however, are interesting, but in general it will not be the piece that plays it. The story is the part of this piece.
