Netflix rented this because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hate, hate, hate me this movie," and gave it a stellar zero-star star on the book, and at the end of "Mad Dog Time". you should cut it off to offer free choices for the poor ukulele. "So I told Ebert that I was really saying it was really bad. I know that society does not listen to criticism and judge myself, but I could not tell how much I hated it like this garbage This piece of garbage and never had a review of Ebert's Rob Reiner's "North" review that he hated in ten films, but I've never heard hate. We have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, I do not think it's terrible. would it be Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script of this movie was written well? But above all other things that were horrible about the movie, I can certainly say that the script was not well written. While he liked to see it, while Dreyfuss was in a hospital punishment, the film had a decent conversation after the initial credits. But first After 4 or 5 minutes, another 85 minutes make up the characters of the 30-minute trash can, and then shoot someone. Then, Dreyfuss has many jokes with mental patients. Haha It's not fun Then, we will get an unpleasant scene that parrots Frank Boss's "My Way" to Sinatra, apparently to bury Dreyfuss. Of course, the script was written at the level of a sixth student Dreyfus shoots by byrne five times and Byrne will not die. Do we consider it a fun or responsible attitude for audiences? Certainly, I can say it did not matter or I found it funny. Not only I am disappointed at Dreyfuss (which I am much admired as an actor) for producing and starring, but I'm very sorry that Jeff Goldblum's "Independence Day" was released in that same year. Year and, finally, one of the most successful films in history. Goldblume believed that the next role dedicated to the "Independence Day" was a "flame of independence" if it was a bomb of "Independence Day"? What did the Oscar-winning films and feature films make the two stars of the biggest money in history make them remotely enjoyable? According to the initial sequence of "Mad Dog Time", he says that the movie is on another planet. Now, I would just like to see the trash that I missed for 93 minutes, could be opened on the planet's theaters, and it would seem that there would never be a ridiculous waste about 93 minutes on this planet. I will never live a life. Ebert said that it was not enough to cut the movie, I'm afraid. Everything in "Mad Dog Time" sheds gasoline and it should spark fire. I've made the worst movie ever I've ever seen, that's because I've never been the worst movie ever to win.
