What anger Robin, who plays the heroine of the movie Olivia D'Abo, could have been so large in the box of art of Keanu Reeves (and, at least, in the new reviews, appearing in the Reeves box). I realize that, at the end of the day, the After School will sell the Forgetful of the Sun, but at least it will give it to the woman. <br /> <br /> However, I must have been the worst movie of the teenage sports theme I have ever seen, and it is difficult to add all the clichés of youngsters and sportsmakers. feuding gymnast teenage girlfriend And, as it were, when trying to sell it as an alternative to Flashdance amateurs (in a repository with dance music, Michael Sembello's "Maniac" is very well-known, because Flashdance made it known or vice versa?). Similar dance sequences are worse and worse, as in the 80's, dance and sports traditions are the traditions between the heroine and its antagonists. We saw Trashin '(vert ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dance, for the balloon, though it was not much fun for the competition), for example. In fact, this movie is off-putting, such as the Robin of Salvation Army and the erotic erotic clothing with his teammate. <br /> <br /> However, it's about the movie. A young girl with a pretty background. The need to have the greatest possible simplicity for audiences is to live with his ill mother, her disgusting sister and her (somewhat exaggeratedly) unknown father. Without saying, the home-office is not so attractive. Add to the mix, the gymnastics talent, but with the team of various teams (among other things, the coach who questions the team's arrogant, snobby and coaching skills). And, of course, we can not forget that it looks at the eyes of a pretty boy who comes across teammates and does not have a stable friend (even though he has joined Keanu Tommy). Can this child be pathetic? And it seems that the mess of others will come to be a long, redundant and topical embarrassment to prove to all those who deserve it. <br /> <br /> But, even the most important moment we like. The film has hardly been emphasized, saying that the greatest deviation for this film is a great performance and dialogue. (I like the way it works for a gym coach to dine in the middle of a dinner party). Shakespeare's "Stunning Stories" episodes. <br /> <br /> Anyone who is able to find this movie and find out these days, seems to me, surely, specially for the nostalgia factor. That's why you would be happy, but also drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
