After watching this movie, I felt two things wrong about this movie: why did this Chen's character become "McGuyver hit-man" and Lee's character as stupid? The back of the character Chenen was raised in a Cambodian underground orphanage, because he was thirsty for bloodthirsty, where he learned to fight death like "wild dogs". This detail is initially driven into a scene that goes into the cabin and while driving it, it shows the safety belt as it does not know. After that scene, it's a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. No education is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's dirty body, but rather the first scenes in the movie where food is shrinking, one of them, rice on the bottom deck on an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, Chen is malnourished, non-modernized, and the only thing for him, with his "dog" some kind of fighting. In spite of this situation, Chen got rid of all police officers (although he tied the head of a metal tube bulldozers, Chen's girlfriend was kidnapped), somehow he was super-human power (50th jumper). The block of lb locked at the end of a metal tube, the head of the police is firing at the chest AS, according to that chief. <br /> <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... well, I know, it's sad, he got luggage, but wow, can he do anything? At one point, they try to get ready to take care of the business and beat it again the next time. She plays the first scene with Chen, and she lacks it in roughly 15 meters, several times. Toward the end of this scene, Lee looks at Chen close to his close friend, and with his colleagues gently knocks his neck on his neck with a long knife for up to 5 seconds. At the end of the film, Lee gets death and fails again. <br /> <br /> And I present the main problem of this movie as filmmakers want to achieve. the viewer can only accept the kindness of Chen and "admit that he was dead". That would be much easier if Chen does not observe all the innocent movies crossing a horrible movie. He was about to kill two people, police and Lee. Others were just people who ate, the owners of boats, taxi drivers and police tried to stop them, not to kill them. In general, it's just a killer cold to kill Chen's character, for killing him, even if he was a free ride. (Did I say that it has a hundred dollars bill in most films?) My 3 stars go to some of the most interesting directors / cameras who have got some beautiful photos. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: Made for lovers of Txakurkumeen Chen. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
