In my "Kool-Aid drinkers" I mean that Pavarotti is a great hobby of the man, who do not try to make an objective film objectively. 10 is given by Mr Wally Cox Mr. Awarding the Universe or putting an Elvis velvet painting on the Louvre! When it was premiered, I recall the considerations of wild titles such as "No, Giorgio" and some have said the worst film ever. This is definitely too crushed. A very good work of art that was very bad and far away, he liked the movie, and the biggest defect in the movie was not behind Pavarotti or his body. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the weight is based solely on the shoulders of guilty writers (I think they were butterflies). It's strange to see films that have either ordinary or dramatic conversations such as food fighting, but they are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that writers intend to watch over the eyes of the spectators like a "love", half a century old and a seemingly desperate lady. European viewers may have more pardon, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such love seems shy and selfish - especially Pavarotti tells Harroldi that he loves his wife and "that's just fun." Wow, talk romantic conversation !! Unfortunately, the script changed somewhat, and if a wife or a widowed Pavarotti was like a wife with her Hollywood partner, ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT. so evil and impossible, you would also forgive a husband or wife. Instead, she is a loving mother waiting for her two year old home while her boyfriend's selfish beds turn to the right and to the left - Pavarotti admits that Harrold had many issues before the meeting. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the beautiful Pavarotti music could not save this movie. At the end of the film, scenes are astonishing in New York, where the incredible set and the transcendental song of Pavarott are nothing else. That's why I think the movie is worth at least 3. I like the movie for more, but it was really a bad movie - even as bad as you hear it. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, according to the reader, the movie is likely to imitate life art, since later it was the same life of Pavarotti, although this is not a forum for discussion.
