I did not hear about this movie, until I read an article about the unknown film on the website, which was funny. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am the admirer of Richard Williams's work. Ziggy's Gift Christmas is one of the best times of all time, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit was one of my favorite movies. At the age of sixteen, I still find work that focuses on attention and attention to the greatest attention, but it seems that the man has its mistakes, especially when it comes to spending a budget and a schedule. , and this movie is a testimonial of a talented talent like Williams, due to the appropriate circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are strange and curious. Experimental and a wall drawing inside the wall. It also tries to be a musician. He tries to be a thousand things, as well as something else. Is it intelligent? Is the innocence of children's imagination? - finally, until under the weight of his unlimited intentions and intentions. It is excitedly encouraged, most of all, even though it has been used with a lot of fuzzy backgrounds, but this does not even have a lot of "action" in the face of a hallucinogenic nonsense. <br /> <br /> There are some problems with the movies, but we started with Raggedy Ann and Andy. They are stars of the show, but they have no characters. The truth is that Andy is a nonsense, "she sings," she says, "The girl is not my toy," and Ann has a unique vision, because the owner, led by Marcella, is at the bottom. But this is what we all know about these annoying characters, because the length of this film remains horrible. The word "Weirdness" is discouraged, because some curious films may be entertaining, but this is not uncommon. Playroom toys and dolls are nice and pretty, but they are really weird and disturbing. They are a great example of these two puppets that make and say everything they say. However, it is quite normal compared to the constantly dominant pirate captain, whose mustache is upright and their groin waves significantly when they first see the glamorous French doll. Yes, that is, it's a children's movie! Then, music, none of this is memorable, and it sings all the actors that do not sing. To add insult to the injury, there is a lot of singing in this film. When Ann and Andy end up playing playmates, they first do sing a long song in the woods, they are afraid they will always have each other and ... yes, we get the message. . It seems like it's forever, but at least it brings a bit of normality to the movie. Long, however, the Camel's wrinkled knee brings us to a strange world, denim seems to be infected and faded, and it's a paranoid scalybutton. But that's not what happens. Greedy, live, breathing. It's so trippy, cheeky, creepy and ultimately disturbing, it's hard to see what you think, as I've never seen in a psychedelic drug-free experience like I've ever seen. Then, after a time of l-o-n-g with Greedy, Sir Leonard Looney's psychotic and master KooKoo, whose throne resembles an urinal. I can not believe when I'm writing a description of a true movie capsule - I have had to rub my eyes and I remember that I am not blogging in the face of a horrible nightmare. Looney Land's part of the sequence is similar to one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoon, surely except for someone who likes it. All of this would be good if there were rhymes or reasons behind, but there is not. These scenes are extravagant and very long. Surrealism is behind a strong idea or works against a reality. But in those scenes, NOTHING is not going on any reality. Take this item and you are left with self-indulgence. <br /> <br /> As the latest scenes go to light, the animation becomes even less impressive (the pirate ship is accurately detailed, it mixes with water on the water, as some of the cells in the production suggest, and they run out of money There is no such thing as an ending suggestion, though it's a 86-minute length, it feels like a headband that is still a movie, and it's understandable why it was flopped for its original release, and the fans of the show will surely come to the fore and wonder how Williams has made it so spectacular. In the same way, but he did it, and no one can not do that.
