Once again, one of the misunderstood Goddesses of my country has been twisted, "Mother Goddess Mother, unable to understand the esoteric symbolism in her darkest forms. The mother takes the dreaded form of Kali Mata to destroy the internal demons and to scare our boars. And if blood sacrifice has been given to Kali and Durga, the events that appear in this film are senseless. Mother takes an angry way if our inner demons, boundaries and ego are not enough to be angry. Also, it is anger that all your Karma smashes "Smash" burning fires in your heart, if you want to dance, love it and take you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side, even light, with a purpose. The mother is the reflection of the physical universe, it is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to keep up the balance. You can not have life and growth without death and destruction. Kali represents the strength of destruction to create new growth and life in the universe. It is very angry for me that people who know nothing or goddess of India can throw away our beloved Goddess and use them as cheap prostitutes to make some low-budget, horrified horror movies. How do you dare portray our beloved dear and fear the people who cut their eyelids? It is only terrible for those who live in their own state and who are deceived by their deceit, greed, anger and inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who has written this movie has to be a very serious self-deception, and that inner deities are so terrible that Kali is so horrible and horrible. When her mother escapes, she transforms into a form of witchcraft, beautiful and young, a beauty so wonderful that she will seduce her with the whole universe. Kali Maa's mother is old enough to avoid being distracted by entertainment, let's hope for compassion and endless passion, as this movie does not let the people get angry. <br /> <br /> The Western population reacts to religions such as religions, or other Caribbean island islands, such as Santeris and Vodou, who are very positive and have a bad understanding of westerners, among other things. absolutely ridiculous It is clear that people live, breathe and believe that they do not respect the kind of film. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa really is a caring and compassionate dream, to whom we have wept. Beautiful feet devotion and love. And I'm glad that my mother sometimes annoys herself and protects herself from outside. <br /> <br /> <br /> Many fairies REAL Kali Maa, MANY has shown God's way and execution.
