In 1979, Lucio Fulci published his Zombie movie. However, since it was imported from George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, it was recited to Zombi 2, due to the fact that it was viewed by the audience as a sensation because it was extinct in the Italian version. Second Romero film). Following this topic, the second movie called Zombi 2 was titled Zombi 3, which is why it was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters" in the United Kingdom, the original Zombi movie (ie Zombi 2). To follow this theme, the second movie Zombi (Zombi 3) ​​was the second movie "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for the United Kingdom. (Do you keep this all up?) If Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then is the 2 Dead Day? Even though it is only unnoticed, military compounds, helicopters and narrative acting are merely a thematic similarity. Fulci's European directions promote such films, but the dramatization, dubbing and heavy-show script are absolutely huge. Its ecological message is so obligated and above all emphasized that it can no longer be regarded as a subset, while Birds Birds is a tribute (unintentionally) ridiculous. The combination of the last element of the 80s of the 80's is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking of Time Ape (q.v.). That is, of course, not good. <br /> <br /> There is no topless diving, a shark fight in zombies and splinter eyes, until Fulci's misogynistic decline is to get a job to clear the hotel, it will enter a mirror until it releases the blood. His fannish gore predilections also see a hand breaking. The two issues are ripped off by the face of the woman, a zombie interrupting the stomach of a pregnant woman, a zombie. <br /> <br /> Wise production is one step from Zombi. , five years later. (Under nine terms in world-published conditions). But he is struggling without apparent charms, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inadequate and inspired. Fabio Frizi's score was one of the best games of '79. Here zombies attacks are played like Bonnie Tyler's "Hero". In the midst of this massacre we get a serious interest in love, and Roger and Kenny, who are two blackouts of men, who have made constant urgent acrobatics and who have constantly expressed their obviousness. (The ammunition "stands out" stands out as an expulsion gun). But the same zombie also falls on it. Whether the little key or not, Fulci's original zombies were really wonderful and rotting. Skull faces, eye sockets worms ... they were really something to watch. On the other hand, they choose a dull tracking "traditional paint on some faces" a more traditional male. <br /> <br /> Romería breaks Romero too many movies, though it's fun, because DJ's use is a narrative device. If they do not have the same attack and free elements the first one, the event is the same as culture. <br /> <br /> Fulci actually escaped the project, just fifteen minutes after it was shot by Bruno Mattei. I am quite sure that Fulci thought about the scene of "zombie headliner", so that the director owes its meaning to the point. Sadly, however, his title is published above the title of the film; so that most of the people Fulci will get this movie over and over again. On this scale, then, there is a great reversal for him, as folks understand Fulci's worst crime as a whole: be boring.
