I'm not indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I think less than one 'Breaking the Waves' masterpiece. I loved the night dancer. I admired the idea in 'Dogville', but the general exercise was too dry and too much, less cinema. I only now see the movie "Europe" famous at that time, the relative success of a European film that won the United States and the best foreign language movie for the Academy Awards, but it's not my opinion that it has been well-spent. My taste is an excessive amount of explicit and tiring film arts. <br /> <br /> This story has an ambiguity that can not escape the viewer. In the time when World War II was not followed immediately, the victorious and defeated black and white colors, but the executioners and the victims, but at the same time ambiguous after a catastrophic event that struggled to survive the people of both sides. The life of nations and individuals is still a source of debate forever, even today, among other things, a novel and daring two decades ago. However, it is a means of expression that really appears to us. <br /> <br /> The film includes a series of quotes that are directly related to Hitchcock's film, especially in previous films. The European war, the spies that were fighting against the Spanish Germans, dazzled by the speed of the dark continents. Trains were the symbols of the world and their conflicts were intensity and drama. Here the train also transforms the first shining symbols that arise after the German war, with its power, order and regulation, punctuality and harassment. The characters of the train's inhabitants are not bad or bad classical spies. Young man from Germany, a character who is ready to take part in a support and reconciliation process that will come to post-war Europe, finds destruction and corruption in an alien world, as liberators are like oppressive occupations; their destiny, but the intention of pursuing self-destruction, love is questioned with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It's still a classic film treatment with the director's betrayal. The actions of the characters, especially by Leopold Kessler, with Jean-Marc Barr, are confused and lacking in credibility. In general, cinematography is not Hitchcock, but it was a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. Most often, the use of white and white film in the most intense emotional moments is also demonstrable. It is not Van Trier who does not control his artistic resources, but it is very provable, it seems that he also tries to show what is excellent filmmaker. It's really great, as it will show in some of his latest films, but only the audience will decide.
