... but I expected it better for Caroline Munro. He has made good films and I hope that it will be as good as that. For the fact that he and the other blonde girls were the only two (8) who came out of the actors from 8 to 11. This movie is the worst case I have ever seen. almost like 'Psycho' (1998). It was really nonsense when the woman was showering and when she tossed her marty rumor she dropped the acidic battery that she had thrown there. He starts to scream and shouts his most annoying sound around the world. He tries to get out, but "unexpectedly" falls. I admit that the violence and the story are good, along with harry manfredini music, but the performance can be much better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know yours, but they have found a curious resemblance to the akyroy. Also, when you find the woman's body fried in the bathroom, you would think it would work unexpectedly. They are unique to Caroline Munro and the blonde woman. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know for you, but I know if I could see if the skeleton of one of my best friends was fried. At the same time, when he began to say "when bite was said to be an accident, it was not our fault." It sounds like nervous or frightening, but does not show facial expression. Then the blonde girl starts crying and "I feel scared!" and he went on. The actor really did not know what kind it was. The thing that ended my movie is confusing. the confusion of the "peak: revenge" peak. All eight kill you, kill all the martyrs, but then you see something that runs away from your corrupted body and then cuts it to the hospital, then the movie. He ends up trying to sedate him as a nurse for marty dressing, but then we see that the marty has gotten like a clothes or a somethin that he has died in a doctor, and the skin of the marty skin removes her peeling skin. This leads me to this next question. WHAT HAPPENS THIS SPANISH?!?!?!?! Did people really expect what happened to the hell? At the end I left so confused. characters still alive? Is it still dirty? Do you still have events that we still do not see? I do not know. In general, this movie was pretty bad. The event was sucked, music was good, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, this is an average teen slasher flicks in your 80s. See harry manfredini and caroline munro alone. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) has committed suicide as a result of a short film following the silence of intentional drug abuse. I think this really was the only thing he knew about this film. SH SHELE A **
