The movie is published in Doddsville County High School in April in Fool's Day. A group of students make a Marty class nerd. When the banners are punished, they continue with a bigger follower (similar to those of the class nerds), he is ridiculous, leaving Marty at the same time firing and drawing acid. . Fast forward in five years. There, we will find the encounters of students gathered in today's abandoned school for a five-year-old meeting. This finding is no coincidence that all of this encounter with the flashback scene was clan panksters, all the participants are stalked and dressed in a killer mask mask increasingly harder and mind-numbingly. playful fashion Sherlock Holmes does not have to solve the mystery of the murderer's identity, but a buzzing Marty, who uses his nerd rage and intelligence to physically and mentally enforce laws. School of vengeance scenes The film makes a bizarre event as Marty does not intend to avenge his addiction, only seeing their ghosts. Marty finally pushes her to the edge and takes her life. In the end, the movies are rising unequal, because the scene of revenge is a dream, first when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, he leaves without limitation, breaks a nurse and eventually breaks himself. face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a horror movie logic case. The only originality comes from conceptual reflexions that are sent to the victims. Everything that dreamed was a nonsense character. Almost as the film's almost unequal nature appears, the writer decided that there was a dream there. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movies are awesome. They shot some scenes to stop the movie and play with television. The play is a sub-score, as well as a slasher movie. I can not believe but the problem of the questionnaire was part of the problem, that all actors are at least five years older than portraits, that is, the flashback scene is even more volatile. The commitment to the film is not clear that half of them can not be taken to keep the movie straight. <br /> <br /> If you like that, you like horror movies, maybe like that. It's not the worst movie genre, but it's not the best.
