Tony Scott has never been a good director, but every step in the "Crimson Tide" approach is one step closer to today's worst work (Michael Bay would be included in the same category, but at least they might be great). foolish, epic delirious people play fun at the wrong level. Like other contemporary Hollywood biographies ("De-Lovely" and "Confesions of a Dangerous a Mind"), it is a chronicle of pretentious, excessive or direct ciphers of images that charge a symbol of a "mystic" society. "Domino" is a film that begins to produce little potential, and draws an infinitesimal amount of time before seventy minutes. While the 128-minute duration is already working, the movie feels longer and, for a long time, it is a character that is very superficial and unforgettable (with the "highest standards of Culture"), Domino tries to make a smoky procedure. self-conscious, rich-girl-only voice-care draws the film's sledgehammer cluelessness) an action masochists becomes just as pleasant as an action might become. Story The girlfriend of the midwife of Domino Harvey (Keira Knightley, in a splendid, brilliant show) has a deep-skinned lifestyle for the rich and famous Los Angeles, and includes many awards for Mickey Rourke and Edgar. Ramirez will learn more about an exciting business; Along the way, there are double cruisers, shooters, media attention (by Christopher Walken's tongue cheek, calling his brand sleazebag on the phone), and suggestive suggestive love. Scott cut the movie into a segment that lasts less than seconds, trying to make a nightmare night vision for cleaning up resolution, if Scott would paint a picture to make that ghost. or, in some way, distort it; But all this fascinating stylistic supervision goes far beyond the mere character of the movie, characterization and suspense (for its "entertainment" value). Most of the characters are scandalous or stereotyped, often two (consider an African-American race that is unbearable by a categorization of "Jerry Springer" races. "Get" tail "at the end of the coins." Domino "is a trash bin, because people whose interest Scott intends to inspire audiences, will be lost in a sea of ​​neon that causes neon migration in a few minutes.
