I do not know if the problem of these films is the guild of the Director or Script. Modifying edit mode in some revisions is an overwhelming way. It is presumptuous and without any substance, if it looks good after watching some of the movie's commentaries. I do not write a lot of reviews here, but I felt that the movie was a very great comment. Such films are artificially filmed as Movie Making. Such films show more and more clearly the quality of the characters that focus on the current reality of cinema. People practice crafts, there are 5 senses, and there is no business sense - looking at their own inner life. However, I do not blame for them, it's more and more the misfortune of this age - made up of films like this. But these proxy manufacturers did not dare to vomit the artists because they did not put them on the inside or on the screen - all of them spread. Bounty hunters, gun guns and more guns, a heavy sex shopping story. Oh, so popular for the actress (when they wrote the dance scene they wrote?), Excessive saturated, excessive, one after another. linear lines Everything is different and still the same. Avoid music that is annoying to thrill your throat down. A story A character development? or just delete it, the missing information is revealed at the end to create a * effect of a story: as if it happened. There is nothing very little from the distance. It is a caricature of stereotypes and genres. Where are the awareness films? Even if you do not know that there is some sound and music subtlety? What is the depth of the look? What do you do with editing on account and awareness? It can also happen in action movies. I'm sure they have molded an artisan; But what is it used without soul or wisdom? a view of the human situation? Coments and theirs say that they are the heirs of art or those that compare between Picasso and others, I can say that it is next to the Gandhi or the Godfather, as well as the original trilogy of the Star Wars or the Lord of the Rings. then look at me on my face and say again. It's a good team, but the depth and story need help. I look forward to the likes of the previous works. Better luck next.
