This was another dark Christmas title, a low-budget production of the little budget Cardona film, Cardona (1969 BIRTH! [1977]). Like many generations of gender in this country? K. Gordon Murray was released in the United States. According to two efforts, Cardona was not seen? And, here, already, who has received his fee, is not better! Cinema, in fact, horror scenes from that time stand out due to the nature of this strange Mexican character, but they give it added dimension thanks to the sharp color (that is, St., the devil plays an important role throughout the process, it was indispensable). However, in the plot, Satan brings Satan with the children of the Christmas Earth of Santa Claus. However, the way is much more sad: at first, our pale man, white beard and chronic man live in a heavenly palace that lives in a man and is accompanied by children from all over the world. While singing his piano (all the first gadgets!) in their native language, visiting Merlin? In the King's court, the famous magician, for the child, is fun to go to the children's theater and be amazed. ?? Every year, the young people brought drowsiness to acquire potions and make them invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the wizard is not here in SON in 1974 by Frankenstein!)! ; By the way, it seems that it is an overload that has always been overcome, so that Santa needs to practice it so that it is able to access each proverbial fireplace! Then the devil's ancestors (with their hands shaking hands together and flouting in general) Nick's delivery program is a perfect opportunity: their rumors resemble an old Laurel and Hardy routine. nothing more than anything! In order to fill the running of the bulls, we are dealing with three groups of children: one, the son who wants only a couple of couples in Gabon, more than his company (when it is projected with fantasy fulfillment, where the boy finds his parents, big packages!), trying to steal a doll (trying to steal the horns first, then invading small dreams) and a trio of trio. What once again entices Satan causes evil and eventually falls amongst them. There is no doubt that imagination is working here, but it is applied to rhymes or reasons, and, in general, it maintains the approach to youth entertainment (as if it were not guilty as a movie) as it is a culprit!
