This Santa movie is strange and I think Santa may be. Instead of traditional elf toy makers, Santa has kidnapped all children around the world and sings them as "Little World". I think that there is no child labor law in the blue plane of the astral (apparently NOT in the North Pole and not in the Ground)! Nobody of these children would not like it and I wanted to save the commands and rescue tykes. However, for some third-world children, I believe that these conditions could be an improvement in local dishes. I'm sure everything is done to sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene suddenly changes to hell, where a lot of demons dance in a Busby Berkeley music. This is funny when ordered by Satan ordered one of them, Pitch, go to Earth to ruin Christmas! Personally, I thought this movie was already! The devil and his bodies are really nice - they are nice toys like Harvey Comics Hot Stuff! Or you are Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask! <br /> <br /> A young boy from poverty called Lupita, an unhealthy boy who wants to be rich in Santa and other wealthy boys, is the devil and Santa's essential battlefields! So Darkness of Prince (not Donald Trump, Prince of Darkness) can somehow stolen and bad, "win", we do not really know! In fact, while rooting, filmmakers want to be Holy Christ, and has great powers and fights the devil in their children's souls! Later, Merlin met her friend. She asked her to make a special powder made of beautiful baby dreams. As much as laughing at the Santa movie (like a chipmunk dement), I think I must use this drug LOT! The blacksmith who makes the magical key that opens up all doors quickly goes away. As the child keeps her "assistant", this key worries me a lot! In Santa Gabon nightlife, Lupita acts as a little angel, a problem down. In Santa Maria, he has taken some time to take care of his rich parenting. He has resolved two concerns that solve magically troubleshooting problems. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs HELP kids and solve problems! And as for small muggers, it gives them coal! When Santa lost his losses, Pitch tries to steal the attempted robbery (which has been thrown by a horrible animated deer). When he fails, he destroys Santa's "magical dust"! As a result, Santa can not avoid invisible dogs and walks. Uh, oh ... how can I switch to Santa at Betty Ford clinic if it's in a tree? St. Go down the Nick tree and take the monkey back or do the demons win? If you want to take care of it, you can tune in and watch it. However, it should be warned that this movie is one-crap crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not at all. Although colorful, it is very tidy. It is mainly done by a musical organ. The children, along with the bad song, create the worst soundtrack I have ever heard in the last memory. And the story is incomprehensible and very, very, very terrible. There is not a common Santa that kidnaps devils and children. It's a movie that you should ever show, but it's a great movie to watch with friends, from the beginning to the end!
