"House of Evil", entitled "Dance Of Death", is the star of Boris Karloff in 1968 and is a curious and curious film directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), released by Karloff in 1969 after the release of "House of Evil", was by Karloff. still alive Many of the "House of Evil" are the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly completely empty, but they definitely have the value of their entertainment due to commercial comedy. Personally I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House of Evil" more than two others, simply because of the lack of the least logic and even more extreme reason, there is no suspended film in the movies, which is missing. it increases key unwanted logic factors. <br /> <br /> XIX. In the 20th century, every story is located in some parts of Europe (I do not know if I can call a plot). When some girls get killed and their eyes are torn apart, an enthusiastic organist Mathias Morteval (Karloff) invites her other relatives to have some extravagant toys for her strange house. She is a member of Lucy Durant (Julissa), a murderer who is committed to investigating police officers. <br /> <br /> I will not tell you the story, but I can assure you. very strange movie. There are some very entertaining moments, especially some of Karloff's characters. Boris Karloff was one of the great and most important icons of the horror genre, which he won with a bit of greatness and (and that's why) for his role. poor script and director) does not frighten him, he seems to play humor deliberately. Like the heirs of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", Julissa is once again the female protagonist. <br /> <br /> Most of the shows are very entertaining, cinematic cinema and scandalous locations and landscapes. Language is a part of logic and conversations often do not make the least sense. However, the story and the interview is inadequate to make this film so impressive. The attempt of "House of Evil" can be very trivial, but of course, it's fun (bad), it's bad. Ed Wood's films have a great fun, I personally found the horny one. It's wonderful, but entertaining, and definitely worth seeing is Boris Karloff and is a key factor. 3/10
