The tragedy of the condemned Titanic ship has inspired many books and films. The struggle between nature and technology has always caught human imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean has been written and directed by James Cameron, the leading actress of the film. The story of "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet), which include different origins (one hobo artist, the other aristocrat) and how love loves social tragedies and the tragedy of the wrecked ship. they will happen. <br /> <br /> First of all, if you're using a historical name, the movie was not in history. Plots were built around two passionate fans, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people in the luxury luxury car of his time became a mere backdrop. Many historical events were forgotten. Where was the radio operator left the iceberg warnings? Why was not a ship from Titanic 5 kilometers away, but was it not rescued by the rescue because the captain failed to identify the signal? Apart from these events, it is against the tragedy. And what happened to this historical disaster with a romantic flair of romance when it is so sad. <br /> <br /> The general plot was superficial; They are the same greed and corruption, poverty is equal to mercy and heroism. It's ironic to spend $ 200m on how much money is polluted. There was no human race in any hero. It seems Billy Zane was playing part of the devil. Casting was very poor. If he was 2 centimeters longer than DiCaprio Winslet, he could swear that he was a nursery. Length of films not extended in more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were wasted before the theater was set to establish the relationship between the characters who knew the audience and the conversation that was used was even worse. Listen to audible lines, such as "I see you" and "This is my side of ship", rather than shouting by people. Likewise, the jokes were many, but they were bad. "Titanic" involved some mobile scenes while the musicians were playing while the ship was sinking, but they did not have any original stuff. The best thing about this film was special effects, which is the only thing worth the award. <br /> <br /> Although this film had no artistic value, people could not face the sentimental story. Romeo (DiCaprio), so the movie was a success. It is now safe to say that the industry will be less likely to invest large amounts of money into a single image, so it seems that "Titanic" is something that has been achieved.
