ELEPHANT WALK's film was totally sad and I was very happy, when a group of elephants finally left the palace and finished this film. Considering money and throwing it, you would probably think you would be a much better movie, even if Dana Andrews was also asked to be in love with Elizabeth Taylor as a man. It's not just the age difference, but the couple I'm not seeing the couple. Perhaps some of these may be Miss Taylor's replacement of Vivian Leigh in the final minute (because Miss Leigh's psychological state has worsened) - It is also difficult for Andrews and Leigh. In addition, it seems that English woman, Miss Taylor, does not try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The movies begin with Peter Finch and Taylor and marry in England. Their plans need to return Finch tea plants in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and seem to be a good start. However, there is no talk with women and domestic staff feel it. On top of that, once he got back home, Finch plays like a rich jerk and Taylor is a misfortune. The pennants can see Andrews and express his constant passion for him. However, Taylor's wedding is not ready yet. But over the film, Finche is becoming more and more like an object and is finally ready ... out of the blue, it causes cholera to grow. So Andrews, Finch and Taylor work together to save the day. However, I do not care, since there is no chemistry between the characters, the conversation is quite sad and you can not understand why Taylor did not marry her tooth in a few days at this hell's guest. <br /> <br /> The movie is not particularly marvelous or convinced and despite being a decent budget in Paramount, the movie is a mess. Although he was particularly impressed by the fact that he was in the movie, many scenes were filmed with the movie (and grainy) on the back and not well integrated. In a scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and many are sitting on the porch and the grass is green. Then, when the man dancing in front of these figures, the lawn is brown! It's clear that there are really no scenes in Ceylon in this scene or scene with a huge Buddha. My advice is to jump up or at least keep the coffee around to be awake. Although it's a budget, it's not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant in part of this film? Some scenes (especially at the beginning) have robes of stupid clothes, it has a double chin and looks like a yellow one. This is not a critique - after all, women are pregnant! If you look carefully, you will see what you mean. <br /> <br /> Also, by the way, the basic argument is similar to GIANT - Taylor's great movie! It's amazing how much can make casting and decent direction.
