Witty. Quirky Real Surrealism Butterfly wings These questions may be better described, and some (which are part of the international film community) can say Happenstance, but others will jump into more American trains and cry out at once. Curiously enough, I would be a scream for this Kutcher science fiction film, especially since one of the words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph did not accurately see the feature film Tautou. Of course, we all loved Amelie and we considered Da Vinci Code to be the daughter of Jesus, but the first director of this film (at least a feature film), Laurent Firode, did not give Tautouri a shine. Unfortunately, no one is able to show themselves because it is trapped in "random random" moments, because this film does not know why it's just for nothing (it's never boiling). Firode has a broad and broad "use" as a small word, where he could build a fantastic story through this film, a truly charming fairy tale of love and coincidence, but he fell face to face in a mud. There was a chaotic mix of inconsistent and less annoying characters. <br /> <br /> The beautiful face of Tautour adorns the cover of this box, but do not take it immediately. It was supposed to be another monumental journey to French cinema in Tautou. Tautou is in this film, I am not bad, but it can be argued that it is not in the middle of this story. Firode's work is to create random events, eventually create a series of events that create a pleasant (though confusing) audience, such as "refreshing melodrama". It completely fails. Firode fails to give audiences too much character. He has too many random actions that gives us too much, and in the end you do not really know who, or what it is, or how it matters; Your main goal is focus only on the final credits and the final destination. Tautou could save this movie from the catastrophe, if only Firode was given. Unfortunately, he did not do it, but he seems to have one of the 12 teams through a theoretical film about the size of a movie. Simply it was not working and we were stuck in a jelly. <br /> <br /> Firode fails to pay close attention to the small details of one of these strangest shorts. He has forgotten the main focus. I can say that Happenstizia was not defined as the central focus. Initially, he tries to create one of our two leading figures, share the same birthday, and believe that horoscope encourages love in the moon, but we will never return to the film. Instead, once again, they are bombarded with new characters, scenes that are disturbed and absurd drivels, of course, chosen to move real stories and more to a world full of "ifs, ands, ands". I can not do it I could not believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same man who runs this garbage) uses a so primitive technique that I immediately felt like a finishing touch. In fact, many of us supposed that they were not capable of continuing to follow the story (or scientific premise) because it takes care of a homeless person to fill their respective gaps. I did not need to, I do not even think that Firodo should reduce the audience's audience. It just seems to be that other elements were not working for me (again, I felt like a mixed paper collage in Paris), this was a cake icing. I do not need a hand with the movies. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie a star to credit. Successfully mastering genres is quite difficult. The films that travel in time are particularly hard, due to the large number of unreleased options, but it works with Happenstance because it explores the different paths of Firode. I'm not saying good, and I'm going to enjoy it for at least five minutes. I liked the fact that I liked Firode cinema movies, it really had a story diagram, but only the latest execution was shredding this movie. Firode could save this movie if his characters were enhanced while his story and story would be cleared up. I think the general mood of my film would change if these two simple instructions were taken. Oh, how would I want to travel this time to the production of this film, to show Firodo his mistakes in his modes. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first time (and probably the last) it was Tautou. The movie to be told was totally disappointed. When opening the ring, until I reached the end of the apathetic, I felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and horrific marketing. The marketing I mentioned earlier is something, but why would he buy the movie as an Amelie 2, why he would buy the Tautou cover well. he was not involved in this film. From the first minute of my DVD player, I think this movie was cheeky. While I am applauding the matter, the rest is not below the middle level. I can not suggest this film to anyone. <br /> <br /> Grade: * away
