Violent exploitation is a passionate film passion for film and never attack violently or disturbing. I believe that the "Cannibal Holocaust" is a masterpiece and I will defend controversial movies like "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left", which are real classics. Anyone who browses my other users warns that when they are movies I have a very strange violence / gore. However, I think that at least it must be the point of violence. This card is not a point. The "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985), is controversial, but against other controversial films, this odor is not recommended. I must say before seeing any Gunie-Pig movie, I already felt that they hated it, knowing what it was. However, I decided to see it as one of the most controversial films in the area. I'm glad I did not waste any money on this waste pile, and I'm sure I did not waste my time. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not even want to call "a movie": it does not have one. A woman is tortured by a cancer for about 40 minutes. That's right. There is no artistic value, it's not a touching story, suspense; nothing. It's just a question of believing that a woman torturing a torture is undoubtedly tortured. It's worrying, I'm giving it up. It's been a disturbing 40-minute video of torture, but it's more worrying than many people It really seems to be a kind of masterpiece that plays a lot of garbage, I can not really figure out why, I hope, the effects of gore seem realistic, it can not be. The girl that plays the victim is not a good actress, and reacts with all torture. The movie looks realistic, that is, in that case, it's good. This is a bad movie, not for that, but for redundancy, for only 40 minutes to show torture k. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any kind of censorship. Because 100% is false and no one harms the production, it is legitimate to do this. However, I can not imagine trying to think, not only sorrow and suffering, but also enjoy torture. This film won the "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" episode that earned a dramatic victory over the fact that Charlie Sheen was a real short film and told the FBI. Fortunately, the movie was a fake one. In general, "The Devil's Experiment" is a false torture / tobacco film. It seems to be the only one who wants to get closer to real movies possible. <br /> <br /> "The devil's experiment" is the worst film I ever had. Do not torture yourself, give me this gap to get its controversial situation. Get yourself aside and avoid it. 10 stars without star 10, I would like a negative scale to be able to rate it in the correct crap stack.
