When I read the film's summary, when a man happens to be something like God's powers, and later he knows how supernatural powers require huge responsibilities and strength, even though they are a clear and original concept. The casting was also promising: Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a good idea of ​​the film and good actors be without mentioning the shooting costs? It can not be. It's a good idea, but the script and the story are awesome. Bruce Nolan, honest, is a relatively minimal journalist, it's not a very good story (the story of a giant cookie, what a faux pas, and the Niagara report is absolutely fiasco!), It's a man who's totally a job. DESERBAT (not a good journalist, it's a comedian), considering his potential, pleasant home, sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! Untrained dog !!! Yes, at the beginning of the film, Bruce begins to hate why I'm "God", Bruce begins at the beginning. In a way, the average audience should think: "Why, what's up in your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and definitely NOT a man with real life problems. Most of the problems that occur to him are small, and it does not really deserve a whiteness, and some of them are the result of their stupidity. Most people have great problems that deserve attention. Most people have a greater focus on Bruce, after all, it seems that human beings do not seem realistic, abusive, and neurotic, but God still guides him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks nice, it's like God, but I can not help what a bad movie I'm wondering about. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? In this movie God can give his annual powers a 5-year-old boy, and there will hardly be any difference. No, wait, the intelligent child would probably use his God's powers better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? She approaches the moon to create a romantic atmosphere, she distributes red soup, raises the dress of a beautiful woman in the street, answers prayers via e-mail and turns them all into truth! No, Bruce, please! Bruce wanted to say what he wanted to say about the world, but the movie does not happen, that's "a nice family, a little movie" and it does not make any sense! It's not nausea, real humor, dirty mood, at least! Nothing Just Carrey playing silly, which is pathetic appearance on the middle ages actress. Aniston here is little. Bruce has been a clean and developed character of Grace's girlfriend and is not forgetting this movie. Without anyone considering that nobody would believe in any of these chemicals. When Grace says Bruce's prayer, it's not a suitcase and pathetic, but it's totally false. These two are not to be together. I would give them three stars, but I definitely deserve a movie. Wrong script, conversation tears, true humor, wonderful and sophisticated, as well as undeveloped characters, and underestimated Freeman's and Aniston's roles, unlike bass and sarcasm, films is hardly worth it ***. However, some moments have been fun, and Freeman is always enjoyable in any movie, so let's see three stars.
