In Georgia's Hazzard County, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) cousin uncle Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) was executed by Moonshine, avoiding the local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). The problems with Boss begin to learn just how to get valuable villages beneath them. <br /> <br /> I've never watched TV and watched the movie, I soon did not start. I like the stupid comedy but this is not a huge laugh. It was very difficult to sit down early in the picture. The second part was a bit better, but this film was still lost. The film Bo and Luke focused too. Characters, in general, were not very interesting and their portraits were not very active. <br /> <br /> The play was not very good. First of all, I did not expect it to be good, but one of those challenges was not too much fun. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville are below the average. The latter was just as good as Stifler, but here's a hard one. The second seems to be looking for it. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, and is not really known for her singing. He is renowned for his reality show and stupid things. It's nice but the actress is weak. It does not matter, however, because the movie does not appear really and the character that plays is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> He wrote the screenplay John O'Brien and made two films before the Duke of Hazzard. The first one was Cradle to the Grave, it was fine. The second was Starsky and Hutch quite fun. He does not do a good job because the story is wrong. He also forgot to joke and add other things that would work better for this film. The movie comedy is quite long. Well, it's a long 106-minute long, but it's a bit longer because there's really little mood for the first hour. I think they need to keep short comics, or they need to find a lot of material all the time. Hazzard Dukes hardly spend thirty minutes of funny gags, much less for 106 minutes. Auto sequences are average and do not keep a movie that is already worried. In the end, the Duke of Hazzard plays for a few people, but most people will be boring and it's better if you skip. 4/10 rating
