In 1998 Saban acquired the rights to produce a new series of live series Ninja Turtles. Obviously, like TMNT's hobbies, my interest is obviously clear. So when I began to see the show, I was disappointed with the final result. Some time later (newly similar), I had the chance to investigate the series again. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some positive ones. When they retrieved Turtles' Lair in the last few films, it was pretty well with the budget. In general, the atmosphere is darker in all sets and in others. And while Turtle costumes are not the most important puppet and other pieces, they are functional and they seem to be very strong for most of the series tracking actions. <br /> <br /> People take away the removal of Shredder quickly and replace it with these original criminals easily used in a Power Rangers show. But Shredder can beat so much time until it's boring, and before weakening its value as a criminal ... and most fans either do not realize or remember or clearly discard the original comic. Shredder was offed with the first issue! It does not matter that they will continue the revival. So from one's perspective, I was delighted to have been removed from Shredder; In fact, the forecast would come to the point that would bring it back to the last section. In small quantities, I think Shredder is the best work, because with her Turtles the encounters are even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, in the end, they represent these original criminals, seemingly more suited. Power Rangers Ninja Turtles is a show. And with these new generic magic exploits, the magic-rotten woman tits a new turtle, the evil Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I have never felt comfortable with her. I am not a turtle against the idea of ​​a woman; I am confronted with the idea of ​​the one who uses magic, and therefore a little bit of a turtle from their domain appears in pain in a clan of a ninja. I almost think that this could easily be done against Venus De Milo to face his incredible enemies and to offer TMNT star power (or the time he has left). Fortunately, everyone has a focus together. <br /> <br /> Next The mutation, after a period of time, was preserved and the creators left it happy. For some time and perhaps another time, I truly believe that this live version of TMNT could be something and it could be great. But while the idea was sound, the execution was wrong (although there are some good episodes in this series). As it stands, The Next Mutations are one of Turtledom's curiosities, the best to be buried and forgotten.
