The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know the fantastic ghost story, the movie perfection. They are awesome stories about 4 people in a haunted house, and they are scared by people's tricks of sound and movement. This day is still very effective thanks to the film. So, in 1999, when Haunting was renewed, many people had the same reaction "WHAT ARE? WHAT?" In my opinion, if a remake is respectful and a newer generation wants to re-invent the story, I'm pretty good. This is definitely not the case, which will save your time and I will not be scares to guarantee it is just a shame of disrespectful? pfft! PG-13, what did they think? Without closure, there is not much. <br /> <br /> When her mother is killed and her sister is abolished, Nell receives a phone call, about Dr. Mark Marrow's announcement about a solitary farm in Hill House for insomnia research. When he arrives, he meets Mr Nell and Mrs. Dudley, and some strangers do not stop when they stay home. Shortly afterward, two other research partners will arrive, Theo Wild and "sleep poor" with Dr Luke Brown, Dr. Marrow. Understood by the participants, Doctor Marrow's real goal is to analyze the psychological response to fear. Every night, the caregiver closes the Hill House doorway, preventing anyone from entering or leaving the morning until the caregiver closes the lock. In the Hill House there is no telephone service and the nearest town is located several kilometers away. Dr. Marrow shows the story of Hill House. It is a house built by Hugh Crain. Crain built his wife's house, and in order to fulfill a large family full of children, however, all the children of Crain died at birth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house was over and Crain hid herself. The first night, Theo and Nell began to create a curious phenomenon in the house, including unpleasant noise and unpredictable temperature variations. When the Nell face is wandering the main corridor, the word "Welcome Home, Eleanor" is disappointed and becomes very disturbing, in the hope that the souls of Crain's cruelty will be scared. Crain built his wealth, exploiting the children kidnapped by slave labor and not using them when they died. Then, the fireplace home to hide any evidence burned by the body. Crain also had a second wife named Carolyn, a native of Nell. Everyone thinks it's mad if Nell thinks he owns it. <br /> <br /> Really, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Without mentioning the actress Nell, Lili Taylor was angry at me, her performance, her appearance, her nothingness, or start with anything I could not see again. Catherine Zeta Jones was not in her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, once again lost talent. The effects are more and more in the computer above and above. I can not believe that it could break a wonderful classic. Believe me, if you're afraid of something, scare you into seeing a big ghost story so you can turn it into a mischievous piece of stupidity. Oh, this movie I'm getting worse, I just did not see it, it's a bad thing. <br /> <br /> 1/10
