A CHORUS LINE on the stage of music and anyone who has fallen, the movie is a substitute for the wrong. Apart from singing songs, unnecessary plots have also been added, new dance sequences have been choreographed, and so Richard Attenborough does not know how to shoot dancers. <br /> <br /> The scene, Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE. That was just Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, direction, Broadway and the rest of the world. There were two hours of hard work that make you really realistic about your face, "boys" and "girls". The movie, however, is lacking in empathy and depth: the actors seem to hear a CHORUS LINE instead of actually listening. Each movement seems like all the lines of dialogue are so heavy and planned; Michael Douglas, especially because he controls Zach too, because we think he is a great choreographer. Even when you throw up violent blows you never believe it, every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is heard. And do not dance: Kevin Kline heard the role of Zach Broadway. Michael Bennett loved reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost his part. What did I like Douglas? KORU LINE is a supposed show and, apart from some well-known faces (Vicki Frederick, played on Cassie Broadway, Sheila and Khandi Alexander as NewsRadio on television, among many dance audiences), it is not supposed to be any of these people. Because you know people. It's amazing to have any star on the roles: with Michael Douglas and the line and his stories that focus on girls and boys, you lose something. <br /> <br /> This is it. The best sequence of truly unhappy show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is completely cut off to the amazing new pitch "Surprise, Surprise" nominated for amazing awards for the Academy Awards. Cassie's "mirror-dance" has a new song and boring tragic choreography. He asks himself why they tried to confuse a movie with a formula that works to shoot a version. <br /> <br /> Those who enjoyed stage music for stage lovers, who love this movie and who is a sad grumpy fan of everything they love. For those who never saw original production, either on Broadway or on the go, this movie is the only reference to follow. And they'll have to ask if they've been as long as they've been playing Broadway's history - until the end of the 90s he passed a small show called CATS. But that's another story, and I'm not there.
