I'm not a purist stage. It could be a movie of this play and almost necessarily needed changes ... comme ci, comme ca. But the smallest designs of this material are lost or understood by all sorts of "superproduction" films. It would be difficult to imagine worse managers. Perhaps Josh Logan and Jack Warner could just ruin it just like Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> The Scene Chorus line was successful as a production method. When they asked a dancer's questionnaire, they were infectious about their career experiences (the 70s). Later, Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and threw themselves. ... amazing! Trendy is incredible. The "story" (at the same time) of the ACL does not respond to the questions of a performance that is never seen, since the game does not matter. When the previous meta was not invented, Adaptation was associated with similar ideas 25 years earlier. ACL was still one of the most drastic tendencies of survival, that is, the main feature of modern creativity: this technique is compelling ... rather than ever synthesizing the drama of an average person's life with more invented characters. What a good idea! The scene scene was a field of performance (an empty stage) and changed in three different ways to alleviate the visually boring so that the audience did not get out. The space goes back and the actors' stories are emphasized. It worked well That was the point. All these ideas are oppressed or stacked. She is not dressed in anything, and she is not dressed, until the dancers take her by the last arches; In the end, "One" is a wonderful one, which eventually becomes the most powerful, cap and lace (gold). We have seen them in practice sessions. The accumulated anxiety of the play was released and public walnuts were made. <br /> <br /> After being manipulated by Grampa, the birds are like disturbed and whistling. It is clear that all that jazz has respected (and Dossein Fosse's play piece) makes its choices. Hamlisch's score was very hard and interesting at that time, but the time was not good. It's as schmaltzy as "Jazz hands". And that's what before Attenborough is ever touched. It is worth noting that it is necessary to take it out and complete it. <br /> <br /> A simple question Attenborough could help you in filming, "Can I spend a few minutes with such people?" The most important issue of the play was how to film in the fourth part of the theater (the theater is essential in its absence). He never played "in front". They responded: "Sorry ... what was the question?" The play is managed by only narratives and is bored by the audience and people, and the grids are mixed together. When I overcame my nervous breakdown, when the annoying joke passed through a rope, the audience was (unlike) clowning. The theater people understood us. You just have to overwhelm this movie. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the annoying tendency of Broadway's characters to go straight to the stage and instead of using other characters to sing their stories (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) here. But the worst imagination of the revival of the play will be more vivid than this movie. <br /> <br /> Chorus Line is a schlock.
