In Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second place, when we fell in love with the show, we loved the curtains with the spectacular curtain, when we loved the show, we were fully engaged in the show, fascinated by lively personal stories. Some fun, some light, some mixes, this chorus of lines. The movie is another thing completely. The director is paying attention now and what is the ogival! Every time Michael Douglas changes his film, he shows up with sour and bitter expression, asking questions and commands, shouting and shouting whenever he gets that chance. Yikes !! It changes the story's dynamics. In Broadway, the director was an obvious offside appearance, but it was also a kind of theater device to tell stories of stunning, fragile / intriguing / entertaining choir lines in a clear and clear way. This work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in one of the moments that really is the director, he acquires a young Puerto Rican dancer after listening to the story of the dancer. Cassie appeared again to express his true love and concern. But in the film, the second director of Douglas began to harshly, the stories of members of the choir's lines become secondary. As if it were going to be a rough job, instead of showing a theater director instead of happiness to create a new theater show, it is bold, exhausted, and listening to the choir. At the stage, the excitement of the show has always been. When you go to the movie almost everywhere, you feel like everyone else participates. During the music season, we wanted to wish each of these members of the choir well and how they would be happy to get everything done! But, of course, this could not happen. But in the end, they all returned with wonderful stunning mirrors on stage, sometimes seen by the audience, in our hearts, and we also know that all those who accept and exclude the hearts of all the hearts, have always been performing on stage on stage dancing. In the movie, after losing and highlighting the story line, magic is completely diluted. Everything we feel (even with the curtain), some members got a job with a great director. So they are on the screen and are dancing again. Great
