A CHORUS LINE scene for those who never watched and the only show of the story was this movie, this movie is like music, it's nothing special. I watched the Broadway show 4 times and once again I saw the hearing of a company on the tour of the show and for those who have just remembered the original production, the 1985 movie version is so huge at many levels I do not know where to start. First of all, for non-playable production, I assure you that when you play IRL in the theater, when you listen to the director, the producer and the choreographers, you do not ask yourself personal questions and why you did not want to. to become an interpreter A real theater play, in theater or music, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you are listening as a dancer, you will show a combination of 64 dance bars, and then immediately decide whether or not you enter. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show was to present the life of the dancers and begin to introduce their passion for beginners and why they sacrificed so much. The theater is about these dancers. First, Richard Attenborough's director drew a lot of attention from the relationship between Cassie / Zach and Michael Douglas Zach. In play, YOU NEVER see Zach ... it's just a voice in the back of the theater and almost no contact with Cassie. He appeared in the traffic of Cassie to get an audition in the circulation, and with Larry spoke with the top (a character that was not a play), he focused on what this story was about. Large musical numbers were cropped or thought again. The initial number of the play "I Hope I Get It" shows that all dancers are making a combination of jazz and ballet, and then expelling people. The movie mixes three hundred dancers on stage and reveals to them that they can not dance to people ("Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," the analysis of the great voices of these dancing childhood memories is "Surprise, Surprise", especially Gregg Burge himself Richie's vehicle. The most famous show, "What I Did for Love", was a moving allegory about the dancers, the movie was a very standard affair with Allyson's rugged work. As reed cassie Jeffrey Hornaday's film is a dull and inocitive choreography and does not put a candle on Michael Bennett's original staging and a dancers movie, it must be special choreographies. There are some good dancers in the movie, such as Gregg Burge Richie, Michelle Johnston Bebe and Janet Jones Judy, but they hardly show what they can do, yet Audrey Landers, who can scarcely walk and give the chewing gum at the same time, the show one of the best numbers, "Dance 10, look 3". I will admit that the "One" end is wonderful, but for that you have to wait for two hours. I would say if you have never seen the CHORUS LINE, this film might be worth a look, but if you are a responsible Broadway original ... fear ... great fear.
