I have to admit that I've laughed at this horrible movie in 2004, but I have already come out of my short-term memory. Ben Affleck, in the raffle of Hollywood advertising machines, Ben Affleck, soon emerged in the darkness of illusion, invented himself as a romantic man. According to this film, transformation is not taken, however, when they lack credibility that would be credible. Matt Damon, while his friends take on intelligent roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in these types of commercials. Drew Latham is a better superficial nature related to successful and solvent executive advertising, better suited than Affleck's other tasks. Directed by Mike Mitchell (the "Deuce Bigelow: Male" Gigolo ") and scriptwriter, the scriptwriter's four scriptwriters (always a bad sign), the rugged plot is the need to" lease "a" family "family in their" childhood home " to live a fantasy, never did Christmas ... The concept is really interesting, because in the midst of the passionate tradesman of the party there is something to say about the catharsis of feeling of emotion, but the real problem is that it feels like a sketchy draft without any logic or real emotionally unsuspected affleck. It's a good thing to say, it's a foolish actress who plays a stupid actress with an increasingly annoying habit of playing movies. Luckily, he plays James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara Valcos, that is, Drew's money he wants to be his parents It's a couple who decides to give it up. -Black relative soprano, but it's always possible it almost does it in role. From its classic SCTV TV shows to Christopher Guest's mockumentary, O'Hara is always a curious comic, regardless of the vehicle, and definitely gains the best laugh at Tom's wife with Christine. to take a photo shoot. When Kristina Applegat's standard screen shows Alicia's daughter mistrust, Drew's love is, of course, of interest. Although Drew is enjoying the delight of delight in the face of his sister's family, he seems to change his character into lightning-flash strokes, it's hard to see what Drew would see. The story is completely out of the third place, with a situation located on another, until the lines are in short order. It is rumored that when the majority of the films were improvised, there was no movie scripts. It shows, but I must admit that I have also finished with it.
