I think this movie has been somehow over here. There are some things we admire; It's worth a bit of a science fiction movie (ish), replacing its story with special effects of day and action sequences. Supporting works are good design and film design, and ideas are quite interesting (although Dark City / Memento / Fight Club, in recent years, are getting tired of the bad clones. But the film breaks down a bad characterization, the performances of lead actors and the ending The bad thing was that I was the main problem I was not interested in. I realize that the part of the story had to wait for the cipher (but wait), but I could not get any empathy done before a character. He is forced artificially forced by the transformation character of a sad sack. Jeremy Northam, the pioneer actor, admits that he confuses the protagonists, but fails to do so, which, in front of him, can be done by Lucy Li with a character that does not have a real identity, in spying films Unless it's a cliché, it's a personality. the movie is over. I'm not going to get disaster here, but I'm going to say that it was telegraphically just before 45 minutes before. In addition, after having had a curious and entertaining film aimed at the first few hours, the last scenes have suddenly become the worst Hollywood, with major explosions and special effects. The onset of the McGuffin film has been badly done at the end, and in the end, the characters are even less fond of deciding the main thread of the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is not bad. , However. Mostly, it maintains a low voltage level, although it is slow (although I think that average high-speed films have a higher average tolerance). And there are some moments over the unknown paranoid sentiment that the director of Vincenzo Natali reminded him. But, in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the screenwriting and theatrical mistakes. There is probably a good movie that brings together the same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
