We've been working under the direction of Renny Harlin, most of them doing the style and I recommend cinematographers for some shots. Unlike "Harley's" Elm Street 4, "I liked" Die Hard 2, there's something missing from this movie. That, my friend, is the script. The conversation in such films is always horrible, but this takes the gold medal of stupidity. There are huge lines in this movie, but I do not want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic, and it seems that the worst pornographic movie seems to be more than an action adventure. Harlin almost thought that if you slow down words, they could improve the script. Wrong again <br /> <br /> The worst part is some talented actors with bad roles. Stallone has never been to my favorite, but when Lithgow, Turner and the Rooker rounds up, something is wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best criminals of "Ricochet". However, he can not do anything to save his life. How is it possible? I have always had a great passion for him and he has been educating himself with Stallone's acting, which he has still called in his name. Turner's part is so small and absurd, but still gets lost on the screen. Michael Rooker CAN act. I know they have witnessed "Days of Thunder", but it seems that they read lines from the cue card. Does that come about? When Rooker and Lithgow talk about the scene together, I want to finish the movie right there, or both will dramatize their performance. Unfortunately, nothing happened. <br /> <br /> What was Harlin back to, what could be confusing only to the scriptwriter. I am never guilty of going into this film, because it was because people really wanted to act. The script is not very good, but the actors' performance is what destroys this movie and has to lie with the director. I do not like how much they paid for special effects, because they are often good, you can not still sacrifice your movie with a terrific performance. <br /> <br /> In addition, the estimate of this movie seems to be off. The initial sequence was good and the scene of the plane was very well done, but why you should take care of the result of an agitation. I would like to say that they understand that all the riders of the aircrafts and the txistu have been strained, but I did not like getting money or not in that scene. The bad man could win at the beginning, maybe I would never have seen the worst film!
