For 3 years, I've watched the worst movie I've ever imagined after seeing "Driven" on flight, and I felt confident that I would never get much in front of the screens. Unfortunately, as I found tonight, that did not happen. The revolution is terribly bad, I think it's really recommended for your friends to see and see, I just think that's just enough to be stupid. It's really amazing that this film is constantly on the verge of falling on the face, and I mean the voice complaints of the main characters, with a completely absurd nonsense! I was really angry at the screening of Andre Benjamin's droning, half-motionless movie, what he was thinking about all the time - what the Turk would do to the whole joke of gangster / con man, what could possibly be. When he made his "offer"? What will i tell you He would have to flee, his head turned away and his respected disappointment, as soon as his little leg was driven away, his partner as soon as he was gone. I mean what do we think Jake is going through in the head when they offer their "solution" to their problem? Both spouses have credible skills to cure blood diseases. I mean Fs. Did not he ask why their symptoms are not even worse? Does the cent do not drop Richie on the third day, when it happened that the viewer would have destroyed a terrific phone call to Avi and Jake. <br /> <br /> Anyway, can I add a small positive note about the film, if the humor continues to dry, thanks to a similar standard with previous films? bulls ** t! This movie does not try as intelligent as you try to translate itself through some fun lines, oh no. Somehow he managed to be so disgusted, did he not really listen to me as a tutor in such a movie? And everyone who knows Sheffield UGC knows what I can get a big screen, and it does not make a person smile anymore. Perhaps, he never wanted to be a fun movie and, though, that you could do good movie gangsters without comedy, but I asked what he wanted to hang on to the movie? In vain plot! ?? I really hope that! <br /> <br /> So far as I heard the sigh of sobs coming from every direction of the audience, which was the most delightful moment that passed through our last night, everyone was disappointed to end the movie they prayed for. Likewise, it was very fun to see how the sponsors were protecting themselves and how they came out, when they had come to an end, and they were relieved of their pain! <br /> <br /> I have to round it up (I ') to finish it, by writing it I am angry at "ending". I mean! It's not an end ... no, I can not forgive you, you should go in search of it. It can not be put literally simply because it can not be seen and then you know why. Uuhhhhh ?? shudders ??
