"52 Pick Up" does not work. Check out Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer or anyone interested in giving anyone, especially John Glover, of course, brilliantly. But the book - a slow black thriller with a lot of mum, should be a translation for Oscar film, no doubt, in fact, if the story of gross crime should be correctly figured out. book, or in the 80s to decide on the shooting of Schwarzenegger. Moving away from the original scene scene, Detroit (a long-time resident of Leonard and knows very well), Los Angeles creates a serious problem that Leonard tries to solve in his script, but he can not. For example, Mitchell's wife was a clear device that made a Mayor of the City (not a work in the book), if you think: this way it is likely that someone else might be blackmailed in the sexually-traded city. Adultery, or potential sex scandals. Although it may be believed that being more believable in more conservative Eastern states like Michigan, it is a hell that would impose the hell of its "little" "pornographic industry" compulsory with compulsory three of the absurd necessities. A student who goes through the midst of the crisis of the population, and b) something that could only be adultery, his excellent career and his old wife, could not handle that blow. As Ron Jeremy's consultant says, Los Angeles was a colorful and stylish 1980's, just like the "Boogie Nights" movie, which is the darkest and darkest dark urban scarcity of city-borne buses, shameless apartments and medications by Leonard. Again, although Los Angeles has the backdrop for this story, though it has carefully planned the landscape, there are many dark and psychopathic coins. Unfortunately, in Roy Mitrid's Harry Mitchell, Uebermensch plays out as sexy and beautiful, dancing through her troubles, to work without sweat. The book was removing a union official from a book while struggling with a business that was failing. He also had a skeleton in the wardrobe during the war during the war, but never appeared. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central image for criminal citizens and laws to be fulfilled. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office, with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, offering his financial books, and negotiating a more practical exception, makes a central image. Glover's singer plays with a strong mind, but Scheider plays a portrait of the victim as a "good boy", as if he were in this situation, if he were only one Mambo-Rambo, every time his world is gradually stopping. around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with the worst mistake he has ever struck, in the original story and then he got into the movie with all the thought. Raimy Mitchell was trapped inside the Jaguar and played with the sadistic monologue of Mitchell in a monolingual bands to Chuck Norris's "premature revenge". Mitchell almost does not run away, and the conflict between good and evil can easily be achieved in both. I left the theater, my head bent and I was depressed. What talent loss!
