David Chase's "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most celebrated series in the final memory. The series is not the mind and passion, the soul is empty. Anyone who reads it already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big boss and a big hole in a mafia, wife disaster and young children with two children. You guessed it - America America (that is, New Jersey, armpit). Tony is not only a female adulter, but she is also a murderer of the "Night of the Night Live". Tony is not part of a musician that mixes me (and, apparently, myself). The characters who are and what they are, without trial, allows American television almost something. But Chas - and money in the midst of Emmy's critically acclaimed writers - do not only allow Tony and his crew to take account of their behavior, nor even try to give them an adequate vision of action / reaction reality (though, of course, organized crime (" The Godfather.) Instead, Chas glorifies and protects the daring, violent and rotten lifestyle of his characters, Tony, his wife, as well as his hair as a brain psychologist, even once a week (or should I say it every month). ? It seems that 13 seasons of the low episode make the same ecliptic regularity as the moon.) It has been a refusal to adhere to the serial "network" structure, which disappears like line lines and pop-up characters that disappear and disappear like hazard risks. But if the show is lacking in structure, then why is it always felt like I'm seeing a soap opera? Tired of fairytales, bored housewives, self-portraits, invisible characters, and plots that are not there anymore. More than ever, I can see why so many Italian heritage are ppsssed in this show. It is enough that you want to tighten with a good book (it is recalled by Danté's "Inferno"). <br /> <br /> The people of the film love that they are not on television and, therefore, they say "Sopranos". it's fresh air. Are these people busy paying the cable bills to see "Shield"? (It's basic, you know). "Still good" with "West Wing"? Or the incorrect written "Boston Law" (if it's written incorrectly)? What will be the best comedy of the last decades, "Arrested Development"? And we must not forget that we live in DVD-time - no one can see anything new *. I would prefer to charge $ 40 for a set of approximate boxes, quite a bit, rather than giving HBO 10 dollars per month (or $ 80 DVDs per month). it can be. <br /> <br /> Do you like good TV? Watch "Homicide: Life on the Street." Or "A murder." Or "Pillet Fences". Or Chasé's previous show, "Northern exposure". If "The Sopranos" finds the legion of brain wash fans, it's too late for you. If not, let Tony and his non-leader, all come in: fish rot. (It would be like a "sleep")
