Stephen King, in general, is known to be morbid, and that is, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, you're sad, according to the characters or situations ... you feel depressed here. The movie feels very pleased (initially), goes to the country with the family, and greedy old Fred Gwyne greeted and warns them of the cemetery, but this plot is not going anywhere. It starts with great potential, but eventually loses the potential for a good horror movie and it becomes very funny, very stupid, and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife. Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat go to a new Maine house. Jud (Fred Gwyne) warns of alleged pet farmers about popular local pets and how damn it is. This Louis does not think anything, and everything is fine until the family cat is dead. He buried him in the damned cemetery and lives again, leaving his family constantly whispering and leaving. One day, Gage dies on the children's road and a truck is killed and killed, and Louis knows that he must bury him in the grave. When Gage lives, he has changed and wants to die. <br /> <br /> I'm guilty of filmmaking and scriptwriters, Stephen King's films that do not translate well. In this case, Mr. King was a scriptwriter, but his story will blame him a lot. The ending is so absurd, and although the imbalance, the premise is not surprising. A boy comes back from a dead man and manages to kill them, who looks like a tiny scalpel, and not only that, but strives to lift his body and, in one case, move him to the ground! (?)) I know this is not fixed in reality, but seriously, how stupid can that be? Louis's deadly injecting, now dead cats, the scene is surprisingly sad, because he does not deserve the cat. He took care of his own business and killed him. The scene that injects children of their children is almost unbearable. It's not very sad, but the whole situation is terribly thought. After being injected, Gage gets drunk dead, before falling ... why did they need a movie at the end of a child's death? But ... even worse, the real ending (which does not kill him) with another person who has buried a movie with Louis, when Gag dies ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. This great King story and why did the movie? It is depressing and amazing! <br /> <br /> My rating: * outside ****. 90 min. R for violence.
