Paul Armstrong is a lawyer born in Scotland in Harvard, known for his passionate death penalty, when Bobby Earl, a young black man in Florida, was hired. Joanie Shriver, a white girl for eleven years, rape and murder. Earle said the crime was confirmed by a sadistic police officer, and the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a murderer who is already a murderer for another murder. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell in the death row, in order to recognize Joanie's murder, to save Earls on the electric seats. <br /> <br /> At first everything goes well. Sullivan acknowledges and Earl is released from jail when the judge appeals his opinion. As this development only happens when the movie is halfway through, the alarm bells begin to be considered in the audience's minds. "Warning! An important landmark!" And it proves that way. The tour is expected soon. Earl, he thinks, is guilty of the crime he has been accused of, and surely many others, but has led to a diabolical plan to secure his freedom with Sullivan; Sullivan acknowledges the murder of Joanie if Earle will kill his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his father's death was not exactly explained). Armstrong now finds himself at the risk of life-saving life; Earle's wife Armstronge, himself against a lawyer, harms himself. He was the counselor of previous cases when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" Sometimes in Hollywood it is an example of self-cannibalism, which includes a film, recycling some of the issues and plots of others. In the first half, there are films like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; About a single difference, Bobby Earl considers Sheriff to be black, and he will be white in previous films. (Police brutality is now an activity of equal opportunity). The plot's main sense has been borrowed from Costa-Gavras "Music Box", although the revelation of this film does not take place until the end. In the end, a lawyer, his wife and young daughter endanger their former customers, plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear" is evident, which also occurs in the plains of South America. Ed Harris imitates the character character of Robert de Niro directly in the "Scorsese version of Cape Fear" in a character called "Sullivan". <br /> <br /> (There is a message.) Just like "Just Cause" borrowed from many other films, seven years later, its main plot was a huge plagiarism in the Ashley Judd vehicle. "The Crimes". <br /> <br /> There is a problem with movie-style numbers, much less than those inspired by movies, it's much smaller than the amount of the episodes, and the movie "Just Cause" is much smaller than any other cannabis. usually a talented actress, but this is one of her most vulnerable performances, as she largely does not play such a character as Niro de Niro plays Max Cady. Blair Underwood is well-known innocent young beginner scene by Bobby Earl (first) But Bobby Earle's later psychopathic deadly, Sean Connery Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne Sheriff are better than black, but it's not enough to save the movie. (The next day, Conner y and Harris played a better film, "The Rock." <br /> <br /> There is another problem with just Cause. The first half of the film is a standard "book" book, a crime against death, racism and a heavy-duty police officer. In the second half, it is like the work of the deadly reactionary, claiming that all criminals are evil guys preaching messages, the only way to deal with them is to fry in a chair, the liberal lawyers are the idiots of the idiota. Crimes of fraternities and criminals who overcome suspects must be considered heroes. The filmmakers know happily that there is no plot in the middle of the film that caused the reversal of its political attitude (allegedly involuntary), or if they were aware of the problem. An appropriate territory, of course, was thought to be more important than political coherence. 4/10
