I bought BLOBA DE SANGÓN DVD on eBay, it was roughly what I was and I did not know everything I had to do with that purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of these horror films of European horror, which is hardly an aberrant quality, except for being entertaining, for bad reasons. The opening is worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle of Dalmar, a scientist who experiments with dead tissues. To go to the castle 1) a man tries to force Ivanna. 2) The mistress of the castle is fighting with her. 3) The maid wants to kill her. 4) and, finally, Dalmar Baron almost runs and wants the next day. Hmm ... something tells me that it's not welcome. For this unfortunate reason, we would think that Ivanna would leave NY in a minute, but not so much like a crazy movie, he decides to "stubborn" our hero to stop and enjoy a candle with a light dinner. Day of the same day The inauguration is very noisy (much better than the first minute of the Canadian film, JUNIOR), I learned that I would enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But the fun is not over. Ivanna is getting sick every night when she goes to bed, she is aware of the drug, she wakes up unconsciously by the soft S & M sessions made by a visible man. Even after the night's S & M sessions, Ivanna is left in the castle, angry that Baron's anger, a living being, is only a dream. She needs to be waiting, though after being treated badly, Ivanna falls in love with the baron. Ivann neglects something negative about himself, it is clear that Baroness is a very popular young lady. All women in the castle (it seems they only work women) are in love with the miserable chump, who does not care about taking advantage of beautiful young things. Things become a sillier while someone is hiding around the real estate and kills women (and killed them). Basically, Baron's physically disfigured brother, Igor, is in charge of everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the baron that Ivanna would not be too involved, or will come to the conclusion. So what do Baron and Ivanna do? Yes, of course they are married! During a short wedding ceremony, Baron fired by a local (fathers of the dead). All this is not Ivanna, who pardons the dead young women and their torture around them, the baroness, "it's just a foul meat" and they both can enjoy their honeymoon at the castle. where he is a killer / rapist / torturer brother. The whole thing becomes Ivana, Baron and Igor, a love triangle nightmare. Blame everything for love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: it's not subtle. In this movie, almost everything is horny, and as it is not an OTT, like the predicted peak, things are boring. But in most films, the director or writer is excited at other times. I really like this type of movie, which is stuck with a head on the head, with illegitimate characters that have their inhabitants. When you watch this DVD Retromedia and go to the Scenario selection section, we listen to one of the most entertaining aspects of the conversation interviewed in the final view. <br /> <br /> The production value is wonderful. Opening and closing credits, candles and red curtains ... ah, class soup. Music sometimes sounds like something on Tim Burton's movie, that is, it adds just the slightest curiosity. The custom of these types of films, when young women wear clothes, demand to kill them. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I value 2 but it's "very bad". is good, "I value 8 stars, and if you enjoy Zakar's films, see this, it must be seen, the only thing to think about is: what would this woman do to get out of this horrible castle?
