N.B .: Internal dumps. An artist director naturally assigns an opera production and inevitably means that you get a part of that director. But Wagner's directing of opera is a difficult task, perhaps because the most explicit composer's opera was what should look like and how to expand. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg filmed the latest masterpiece of Wagner's "Parsifal", which almost explodes with enough foreign ideas. You get more than one part of the director: you get whole pork fat and then some. Syberberg admires that backlash of the ugly aspects of German history. But does the opera's Wagner opera work on its own concepts? <br /> <br /> First, the scenes of the Knights of the Holy Cross III and III are especially visual allegories and symbolism. These are the Wagner times, and they are far beyond. If you know what these things mean, they enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but they do not have to improve Wagner's vision); I do not know what they mean, they are just confusing, if not annoying. The drawing of this opera will not be affected. It suffices to say that it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case, combining the legend of Grail with the principles and principles of Christianity and practice. Amortization is considered here, almost as in every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> Personally, I had to sweat through Syberberg's first act (in the middle of my acclimation the music saved the day). But II. The law takes pace. Here we will find Klingsor, the wicked witch, to catch Parsifal's "innocent nonsense". Kundry, the most attractive of all of them, is used to attract dark side. With more symbols after an initial hobby, they get rid of them, and the long, transforming and transformative heart of stupidity and temptation really comes out. In the end, the film deals with real magic and, above all, has decided to establish things in Syberbergen naturally and simply. Suddenly, the performance began to emerge (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the wonderful soprano of the Yvonne Minton group Kundry); Suddenly, it seems to be a live music and live intense turmoil of the two characters. Camera work is easy and relaxed. In other words, Wagner authorizes his story to tell by himself. It works fine For me it was the strongest part of the movie. <br /> <br /> Knights intake III. In the law, in part 2, the strange symbols of strangers rarely go back. Wagner's massive mass of death is used as a large part (the composer's biggest protuberant comic book); III. The knights of the law dressed in all sorts of dresses, wigs and makeups (what the director said: "Knights are buffalo bundles", they are capable of expressing different layers or times beyond the surface functions of these meanings); insertion ?? Kundry's superb emotional baptism after Parsifal? the ultimate screening of the director's director, he listens to his studio in today's real-life studio (this has captured my dramatic thread and needs a few minutes to group it). II. and III To avoid passing the time between documents (knight and "narrator" when we meet Gurnemani, he should be an old and old man, and Parsifal could be a boring world, but it would be wiser ... the old man); but definitely the strangest strain is to divide Parsifal into male / female components. Some find this great stroke. Certainly Karin Krick is considered "Parsifal 2", acting forcefully and equally (that is, it is also the best eye synch of the cast). But please ... Wagner Parsifal's concept is so complex already. The growth of a totally innocent boy who does not know his past, Amfortas's wound, eternal II. Knowing what happened in the law and how it became, III. Was the Redeeming Law great? This is a masterfully constructed trip. It's just gimmicky and absurd to emphasize bi-sexual. (And with this nonsense about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can we not accept a tutor / study relationship that was restored in the III Law?) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> < Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the choir fails). After watching this movie, I wanted to get a recording directed by Solti (I FEDERED) and I only wanted to direct Wagner's tread. The cinematic experience was enormous and entertaining to me. With Syberberg's credit, he has created a visually impeccable arrest, and undoubtedly plays a major role. But he also wanted to add "Parsifal", to bring Wagnerian things: man, life, tremendous influence ... everything in gross symbolic code. "Parsifal" operates already full of symbolism: Graal, Speech, Holy Sacraments, baptism, Amfortas's final wound in blood, Klingsor's self-cast, Kiss, Kundry's curse, and repeatedly. This does not mean the musical symbolism in the score, as Wagner's leitmotiv system. "Parsifal" is the awesome symbol! When I asked in the first paragraph, Syberberg's pig is too much for me. But if this project wants to mark your imagination, go. I do not recommend excluding it; you will be happy Or if you need something to break the Wagner fence, try ... but please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in a very league native.
