This review applies usually to the film evaluation used as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there is no unpublished copy with the footage, and I expected that at least eight or nine scenes could be decisive if they were missing out on a cut called "Fury of the Wolfman." In short, the movie does not make any sense. Nonsense is completely and its nonsense is incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is a curator lycanthropic playwright depicted in the end of the series, which seems to have been commonly translated. He traveled to Tibet, where he was attacked by a stillach. Somehow, he has become a rude man. Dr. Daninsky, a scientist and a professor seems to be a university. Ilona Elmann, a woman from her colleague, participates in a different way of hypnosis ... "Chematodes," a nonsense word for the wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman believes that "changing the direction of the human brain" will enable it to naturally govern the world, if it does not fit the problem, it can add threads. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also there. Enter into the hands of rough men, because he kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden lab. Other people are also trapped there. Some of them are gypsy and chained, because they are in different situations of clarity. Others are hippies clearly. Does Elmann think that one day he can "bring humans back" (?), But he also controls them with the methods. Waldemar becomes her hairy and hairy man, as a man of German men's zombies ... this is a filmmaker of the movie "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" ("do not ask"), Nasichen's mocking-up of the fairytale varies dramatically and surrounds him as an animal du. <br /> <br /> Does that mean? No Good That's the saving of the grace of the film. He does not try to implicate in any intellectual level; Further on, it goes full speed, creating an unrelated conversation or horrific movie horror. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best Halloween party party ever. You do not really have to pay attention to it, and in fact, you will be completely upset.
