"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" is a completely autonomous story, and it seems that it can not be included in the previous ones of Waldemar Daninsky. Some have commented that this movie has taken place before the "Werewolf Shadow" events, although they will be released soon ... they will be fine, I do not know. In any case, in this film, Waldemar Daninsky is moved by a Tibetan yet-like creature (here's an excellent interview: "It was a yen, but that's impossible. I'm a scientist and these are not." It's a hallucination. ) And despite being marked with the pentagram sign, it will be able to avoid a change to a man until his wife cheat him up. One night he changes his beast, kills his and his lover and enters into a storm and electrocutes it before. Many have resurrected by a leading university professor who is doing some awesome experiments that control the mind. They take them to an underground cellar of a castle, similar to the animals that are linked to the subjects of these experiments. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, goes to everything you want to call. He cares for an actor and passionately for his work. It does not matter what these errors are, you can always be confident to get decent performance. The rest cast seems to be enough, but it's hard to tell when they double their duplicate double voice on all lines. And that was the main problem for me ... The great number of voice artists they used were horrible, horrible and horrible. Every time I laughed at the movie, the lines were deliberately delivered (they seem to be constantly referring to the "Waldeman" of the hero). Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find a copy of subtitled Naschy films, even if they are sometimes subtitled in the original language. <br /> <br /> The management of Jose Maria Zabalza seems a bit of a success. In some scenes there are some good visual ideas, while others are poorly built and poorly edited, especially in the final scene, when it actually tells. The reason for this was that Zabalza apparently drank during most of the time. He rewrites his 14-year-old nephew Molina's conversation, unused extracts and used Molina's first films. All of this was quite inappropriate because it was one of the best works by Molina, and it is not surprising that they both never worked together. <br /> <br /> But it's not a bad news, because there's no good ideas here. Some aspects of the story make an interesting psychological theater like lizard, jealousy and the metaphor of rage. The "lye" of the world's subsequent works is still an idea. The terribly frightening and surreal thing goes down in the cellar and there is also a sequence of semi-memorable films that Daninsky's house runs across the house. Live, but really, Molina's first movie, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" has been raised straight away, others are shot in one shot. Although it's really a movie that I found to be very entertaining, Front Row Entertainment has some problems, such as pretty cut-outs, even if some of them lack of follow-up. The Gods know what gaps there are: I am sure that in the future I will release the version over the version. <br /> <br /> In general, this is the common Usyday Uses of Naschy. Enjoyment, but it could be much better, so it would probably not be a great introduction.
