There are moments in this unique drawing of pure beauty, but in general it is not very good. Limited animation and standard sub-character and background layout limit the appeal of the mass market. Character design looks like the clash of Star Wars's original confrontation and the interplay of Disney's Kim Possible (Brendan, whose potential is the leading character in Ron Ron Stoppable's striking resemblance). elegant and hard, according to the current standards, is generally still poor and cheap. Similar to the animation of Eastern and Eastern Europe in the mid-80s, it is a pleasure for its kind, but with modern childhood audiences, windsurfing and talking dogs with all the leather pieces that blaze the wind with their white winds. surely you will fail. The story is not too vibrant and many voice actors are not very impressive, and obviously Brendan Gleeson looks great on his part. There are some secondary characters who also talk a little and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, although Viking Villains are underestimated, and they look exactly like the sound and the sound. One moment the main character and his guardian Wolves protects the Viking attack, well organized. The appearance and feeling seems to have been inspired by the movie Watership Down, in tribute to Inlay's Ghost Rabbit. The look is clear and, of course, inspired by Islamic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon styles, so that, if it is included in them, it will take you on the look-out. The film also includes well-structured shots that look very artistically. It includes a nice match and a large-scale Viking attack. However, it is music, but a great part of the music background is melody and movement, specifically a beautiful and penetrating, beautiful girl who works well with the images she covers. As the film is a very poetic moment (and it tries), this film would be very beautiful and poetic, it would not yet reach a wide audience, but it will not be a shame. It seems that the audience is average and cheap, and it does not respond to modern animation standards. In general, my opinion is a movie that is widely distributed in many ways, but it is not very great, but it is worthwhile to watch music and songs and to see a horrifying or horrifying moment. Yes, and he thought cats had been living for a long time, he did not know how it was possible.
