With a terrific soundtrack, lack of dialogue, wazoo's topicals and statues, a typical American movie, in front of those who love it, does not look like it. DreamWorks wanted to save money by earning a talented voice or did not want to create an animated episode of National Geographic; In any case, they gave a boring and boring film. Spirit: Cimarron's spider is a cycle of festivals that sends mixed children and adults, and even if the animal does not go through ordinary men who are victorious. After seeing wonderful animations, what we left is a great mess. <br /> <br /> The film seems to be a little out of the horse at the beginning of the film, as it is a horse. It can not be stepped on, calm or controlled. That's why he gets up and becomes a leader of his horseman teammates. However, it paralyzes its freedom and race, as a group of Americans are trapped in the process of linking the West and the West. Throughout this, Spirit (almost in its entirety, almost called the whole movie) has a friendly American and friendly male horse. In addition, it has a lot of run-in with army corals and cruelty. refusal <br /> <br /> Why do movies need to be confused with traditional computer animation? It is better to look for a wire mesh, a spirit too. The best example is a train that goes by the Spirit; From the hand-made Spirit you can see it from computer animated trains. Much better would be if they were one or the other, but not both; If you do not have any nice effects. Beauty and The Beast's famous dance sequence is used with computer animation, but there is no horrible value for the movie's train or snow. The opening sequence was one of the best part of the film, unbelievably the rest of the film was slightly sloping in quality. It's more than a small scene; On the face of a general, I mean similar planes, in my opinion quite repetitive and annoying. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this movie, but they can be the perfect conversation, song and motivation. Hyper-infant sleeping technique. While Disney is criticized for his animated musicals, they make it much more fun than ever to tell a story like this. Bryan Adams does not have a place in this movie, and why is it left out by Hans Zimmer to use a Western theme in this movie, a story that is going on in the old West? The soundtrack makes me wonder if you ask me. They're using at least realistic noise of horses, for which we have two points. However, if you want to refuse to talk about horses, why is it that the main character who is constantly crashing by a narrator? <br /> <br /> American Americans are nice and the west is good. People are evil, Native-kill, torturing horses, rowdy, psychopathic monsters to be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit shows us. The viewers who hate West West travelers have come to the point of trying so hard; There were also several horse scenes, a large train that descended from one hill, and another scene was destroyed by the birth of the entire town. Now, the spirit of friends has betrayed a friend, more than once, but that is a pity, because he is apparently not a soldier; because he or she is a horse-horseman. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not the feeling of the victim; The spectator assumes sympathizing with the Spirit even though he threatens his whole group of horses, it causes destruction, and perhaps it may arise due to some deaths outside the screen, but the Spirit has no problem! This movie is rhythmic, it is seen in multiple instances that the Spirit chases away, kicking people over, destroying property, releasing horses, and then catching it again, in the same order. Writers also seem cliffs because they're thrown into the whole movie; For Old West there is no doubt that there are very few places to travel around. <br /> <br /> Provisional line: this is definitely the Disney movie is not, in fact, a bad thing, even though that was it. they wanted to. So, in a number of cases, we get a boring film that becomes a dull, dull, slow, instead of typical music. The decent animation is not even consistent until you get the job done. Everything about that movie is completely wrong; At that time, the Americans were not evil mothers, and so far they seemed to be far from the ideals of music bands and music scores. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which is hardly related to the ancient West, is more than Western. Get on the side and skip this with all the necessary means. Thank you.
