A SPOILERS OF THIS <br /> <br /> I have rarely seen such an incredible movie. And being a Frenchman, does he really try to be enigmatic? nothing makes any sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has breakfast announced to his family that HIV is positive. Marcel, his younger brother has not yet breakfast, and makes the first of the family to tell him that he is too young at age 12. Maybe it was four or five, but twelve? First of all, it's incredible that the family does not even ask where or how the virus has gotten, how long does it know? nothing is asking. Marcel only has to worry about knowing. The family province is very close, but although they do not want to know about Léo's HIV positivity, they do not give any questions or reactions. How many families do you know where parents or brothers did not at least respond that some members were announcing that they were gay? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Léo decides to go to Paris to see his former lover. And he decides to make a trip to the whole population, Marcel. Do you know how to see a lover's little brother? Again, incredibly incredible, especially, Marcel does not know about his medical problems or his homosexuality. If he decides to know that family, he is quite wild and it is again unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Léon, his lover, Aymeric, will find him at the Paris Bar. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until afternoon. But why did Léo want to see him at work? Why not write and organize them wherever they actually talk to a more private place? Why not go and see at home? But no, Léo will appear later (with Marcel) and he is surprised to see that everything that Aymeric does is not going to take him for 5 minutes. Aymeric no longer tells us that he had left Léo and Léo did not answer one of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then walks. But did he really love Aymeric, did he not at least tell him about his HIV status, tried it, and warned him to receive the medicine? Would this be the least? but not a peep. Exit and Aymeric does not warn her to hire AIDS virus. Is that completely unreasonable? and among the filmmakers; Apparently, this film was made for French TV series for youngsters? It is a good way to show how to respond to children. Well, do not you here? Do I think that "man for everybody" is still a French way of doing things? Another aspect of the incredible movie was "untouchables". Everyone is always shaking someone, caressing someone or kissing someone. Outside family and family I have never seen anyone in France, no matter the whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother rests on the lap of his elder brother, and his old brother falls on his leg as long as everyone is discussing while saying. How much do you know who is physically closed? In another scene, the 17-year-old Marcelin goes into the room, "What's wrong, you can not sleep," he removes his clothes and is completely naked, his brother goes to bed and loves to go with him. This and other similar scenes between Léo and Marcel gave the film a little less sensitivity. Sorry, I do not think this is a common behavior among teens. <br /> <br /> Can I say about the good things about the actors are pretty good? especially the role of Marcel. But was not it really enough? HIV and AIDS are very serious, in order to be clearly unpublished. At the end of the film, the family moved to the cemetery to bury Léo, but has Marcel left it again? I have taken care of a cousin (I think). However, it is revealed and looks at the funeral from afar. Is this family so honest? It is inconceivable that they did not enter into the funeral of his brother. It was the final scene of the film, and it was the last straw of the audience.
