The latest rise in the dating show on the United States television shows began with the first episode "The Bachelor" from fever. Unexpected audiences have undergone various clones and changes, such as "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money" and "America Married." In order to access this trend, and at the same time, in order to capture and exploit a new demographics, Bravo has released the "Boy Boy Meets" disaster in the world. And pity us all. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and is designed to be lighthearted: an accredited males have a great deal of courage, with the exception of the show, excluding the show. But it's a turn. Half of the men are straight. This is not a big problem, but the scenario begins with the innocence of the running of the bulls when it comes to listening to the paid one: if a man chooses a straight man disguised as a man, a straight man earns the money. The gay man does not achieve anything, or at least give at least something to the back, and "Do not you be ashamed? Well, thank you!" <br /> <br /> As soon as the "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program) is so painful, this conception is an example of stereotypes. Even worse, however, these stereotypes are considered to be the dirty man. Producers of this show think that you should do everything you need to wear a male's hair, incorporate Abercrombie & Fitch's designer sandals, remove all your hair and fat and voila! The homogeneous thing is to put a blackface in the white performer and, as I am, like an aggressor like myself, which is really gay and not like a dress. Lies do not change individuality or choice, they can not act like real people, like stereotypes. It does not matter that no bank of police officers lack any diversity. Everyone is gym rings, most of them are white and all are cleaned and cleaned. <br /> <br /> Another example of this is how to accept the individuals' acceptance as a variety and a person capable of change, in Hollywood. He has taken a stereotype again and leads it to the bank. I feel dirty when I see this show, as it shows how legitimate a gay telesail that destroys the pornography parade in the smooth parade of pornography. From 10 onwards
