I saw the house I had the youngest and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember enjoying the show. I think this and most Americans see that it is hypnotized because of its malice. You will be in a state of Trance and will not go back. Right now I'm on the slopes, but I'm going ahead. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it's so bad. The show is strange, with all the sections that end up with "eradicating" all the discussion. The characters in the show are disgusting. We all know, obsessed when you step on the screen when you step into your face. Next, we have an alleged "roquero" uncle, just that there is a nice way to be able to see the surprising mum. We have another uncle uncle, who does not love the impressions of Bullwinkle (I have to say more about it). There is no oldest daughter who can not head and she is always crying. Then, as a middle-class daughter says, "HOW RUDE!" Everyone who says everything pretty much. In the end, Michelle is the youngest daughter. Do not get me started playing Michelle, but the great actress called The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would meet with the Antichrist. He always demands things, he's trying hard, "DUH!" He is constantly saying. and try to bump your eyes. I am not using too much physical abuse as a child's punishment. But in his case, I would be honored. He needed every day. It is a selfish character that has ever entered the mainstream TV series. An example of this is that his uncle roquero is working in the attic. The bat decides to constantly annoy and pay attention. He gets angry and angry. ACCESS! The rest of the episode fulfills his emotional needs and his uncle at last apologized. UGGHH! The show will lower your QI, gradually destroying the will of life. We are surprised that they do not hear the house full of news about what the police are doing when they find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself aside and do not watch the show review. Then we will appreciate it.
