For most young audiences, I probably do not know who was Buster Keaton. That's why they surely would not be as sad as watching this movie. Being a terrific silent comedy, I've seen almost all Keaton films still existing. Apart from being a great fan, this film was very painful from the beginning to the end. During a silent day, Keaton was a fervent comedian and creativity. His physicality was amazing and his films were almost always dull. However, historian film makers still amazed at the end of the mute period, Keaton left behind his independence and became an MGM actor. Instead of being a powerful creator, MGM only now saw Keaton as an actor - and he had no respect for what the scriptwriters entrusted to him. Initially, the MGM films were not bad (for example, The Cameraman), but with a debate, he actually sheds on the studio - he presented Jimmy Films with several films. Durant's humor was his absence and an abusive gift. Keaton, however, was silent and action. Two different and non-compatible actors were not found. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made terribly terrifying movies. <br /> <br /> Now, this is not a CINEMA FASHION movie. No, however, it's more than just a spell of time and it's surprisingly unknown. In fact, if you want to enter the movie as a comedy, the movie will probably be harder. Instead, it's like a drama with some comedy elements. It's not a movie that will create belly laughter, especially for Keaton lovers. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a strange setting. Keaton works as a university lecturer, who teaches full life. She knows nothing about the world, and her nose is stuck in her books. In a strange move, Keaton's civil servant believed that Keaton had received 750,000 dollars from a relative of his dead, because he intends to enjoy Keaton's lifestyle. This is amazingly guessing but somehow it works. Not very well, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and travels to New York for fun. On the way, he encounters a terrific group of plays. No matter what the world knows, it does not seem to be thinking. And, he's rich, Keaton decides to take him to New York to play Broadway. However, before opening the show, his friends know that Keaton is NOT rich. So Keaton decides that they do not decide on it and try to keep away from the process server that they want to close the show show. They give the show a success, then they can pay debts and everyone will be happy. However, the show itself worsens. What do they need? And does Keaton get a nice girl, squeezed by a gold thief (Thelma Todd) or broken flat and alone? If you want to take care of it, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Like actors in the movie Keaton, but in the end there are some dandy. Instead, Keaton moves in a very small part. He really loves this movie or hatred. Simply, blah ... when it would be much better to be heck.
