This came out on the last trail of the Western genre; Unfortunately, there seems to be a very small and very satisfying effort - those who have veterans and veterans in the field! To start it, the plot is not new: James Coburn escapes a group of chains, which is intended to kill a man who has been placed by Charlott Heston (now retired). Although the latter places a trap for him, Coburn overcomes Heston's kidnapped daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, former lawmaker - accompanied by Hershey himself (Chris Mitchum), he starts looking for Coburn and his followers, all of whom have been imprisoned. <br /> <br /> Traditional sub-Fordian style rather than managing processes, McLaglen Sam Peckinpah approaches - it's never quite enjoyable: striking characters, multiple violence and sexual tension as a result of Hershey's presence. By the way, Heston and Coburn appeared together in a Western Sam Peckinpah - MAJOR DUNDEE (1965) confusing, I really needed to restore this edition to the DVD, but I recently recorded a theater version with a pan scan. formatted off TCM UK). In any case, it is a general movie that provides a clear mood (which is also proposed in the title): once again, the two stars have already used this gender-generous genre - WILL PENNY (1968) Heston and Heston and Coburn PAT GARRETT and BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least Heston maintains a bit of dignity here: his aging character tries to keep Coburn half ahead of what his next move is ahead of. The latter, on the other hand, deals with a purely absurd task and only entertains himself at the highest moment (he enjoys his revenge, when Heston forced the Hershey's rape to become a member of his associates). In addition to the latter, this long sequence tries to deceive a trick tricked by Heston Coburn's borrowed loan from EL CID (1961). The gang's behavior is embedded in a bush on Heston's practice and two violent deaths are trapped. "The protagonists (fashionable, it's a free gift of disappearing Heston!) <br /> <br /> Among the helpers, Michael Parks is not a popular sheriff, Jorge Rivero, Mexican lieutenant Coburn and Larry Wilcox. - CHIPs telesailen! - The youngest member of the Coburn group, who assigned her to care for Hershey (she strives to keep away her harsh companions!). Jerry Goldsmith makes it flavorful, but at the same time most obvious.
