When they bought a movie card, Gregory's Girl and the most successful actress for a movie that looks forward to seeing a movie of the fantastic Hero Toki Hero, but the theater was misled and felt. It is true that sequelants are usually, with notable exceptions, a mistake and studio director will allow us to achieve the success of the previous film, providing a thin, original review of the original story. The plot of land that is far removed from the original intentions of the movie that has no meaning. In the case of Gregory's two girls, Bill Forsyth has the honorable honor of obtaining two sins; on the one hand, to review Gregory Girl's argument, and at the same time to sell Scottish merchants with a simple and solid story. Gregory is a teacher at a school today, and at age sixteen, Dorothy had a promising passion for soccer. Even though he's been thirty-five years old, Gregory still does not give up hope, but now he's attracted to the soccer football, sixteen, though he has been attracted to the Bel musician's teacher. His passion for Frances and his desire to be welcomed in a scheme of local weapons that came to be a friend of a region. It does not happen anywhere else, without forgetting other stories and the end is no sense. The main problem lies in Gregory's own nature, which is not charming and charming Gregory of sixteen years, who will convince Dorothy actively and comically. In the thirty-five years, Gregory introduces us to us, but rather as a dull and kind acter, whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside the work, time has gone by watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading magazines about international injustice. As the apparently disappeared friends and family of the previous movie, unknown scenes that have kept their younger sister, since they already offer advice or are interested in life, Gregory will be confused in what he really wants. and why he is. Why, for example, is it unmarried? Why does he not see his father, who is still alive? Why did she return to school in a school? Why is Noam Chomsky and injustice so interested? Why has he become so apathetic? Why does Frances attract you? Why not attract Bel about the last twenty minutes of the film? What do they call Bel or Frances in her, as it is not a beautiful or interesting dead month? Why does Frances and Bel continue to become an element and that their association continues to make life even more impressed? Do we really believe that a seller's army seller escorted torture weapons in regime-dominated schemes, but a couple of school children's illness? Does Gregory really think that a few computers will flush into the sea will not change? Worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair wants to reaffirm his performance in Gregory's adolescent's facial expression and body language. Unfortunately, a thirty-five-year-old boy is just terribly shocked and pretty scary. In addition, it is difficult to feel a sense of emotion or emotion related to sex with a teacher, wearing uniforms lying on a pile of gymnasium. Poverty has just been fun. It's hard to figure out what's happening to Bill Forsyth when writing this script or why he thought the story of a fan of the original movie turned out to be the first classic, charming, unconventional movie. I can only assume plans to grow up and make a movie about a man who did not refuse to commit to adulthood, and perhaps he was happier with thirteen years of memory and was looking for the best school at school, but he was not forced to accept the life of someone else's life in the past to accept life as a whole. The basis of a movie that could have been at least was interesting and intelligent. Gregory's two girls spend about 116 minutes in vain doing nothing and much less. Gregory's Girl was in charge of launching Bill Forsyth's career, which Gregory's two girls will not be responsible for.
