Jochen Hick wrote and directed the thriller of a suspense film, AIDS virus, which changed the government's role as an oven virus, to free the gay world and to be condemned for years of overwhelming illness. . If it were not a joy of the movie concept, it would be included in many of the world's most catastrophic disasters, caused by harmful organisms that are not harmful. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco on the alleged virus farms of his father and to investigate the consequences of prisoners. He brings some respect and resistance to a deadly theory, but he will find some people who know the theory and keep up the investigation. At the same time there is a series of series of murders. The victims have died in the same way and each murder is accompanied by parts of Puccini's opera 'Turandot'. Police officer Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and his assistant police (Kalene Parker) are still murdering Stefan's rounds of sex clubs and clubs trying to locate men at his father's theory. Jeffrey is in a strange boy (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction, and Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti), who seems to be a suspicious cast. That's all what the end of the film is, the story of Stefan and Jeffery's story to look for personality, as a case of murderer investigation. <br /> <br /> Tom Wlaschiha, while Jim Thalman and Richard Conti work well with their unique functions (the only three of the previous theater experience!) The quality of the film dramatically reduces Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker's low-end talent. On the screen the story's credibility goes down below zero. There are small cameras with other actors to unravel the moments on the screen, but the whole movie "Nessun dorma" is stagnant, as Mario del Monak sings in the opera's recording. The reason for the movie! The good idea of ​​a movie and the actors have some good characterization, but it is not the whole premise of the resolution. Grady Harp, February 06
