With HB Warner, except for 10 minutes, in the sky train, which is 94-minute jaw-dropping fear! The play was awkward, but the story seemed terribly terrifying to me. The cast was made of wood and the initial standard debates (though Lee Tracy and HB Warner were all exceptions). Rose Hobart was as stupid and inebriated as Julie (in 1932, he was also Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, otherwise, an excellent movie). And the rest of the pieces were worse, there was no word to describe their terrible hair. <br /> <br /> The story was worse than acknowledgment. For unknown reasons, she loves Julie Liliom. Julie marries but does not tolerate, lying in bed all day or hanging out with a criminal life boy (Lee Tracy). And yes, there's never been a nice word to say to Julie and it's a bit moving. Julie, however, loves him and constantly excuses herself, which gives him more abuse. Even more sick, this movie tells us this story as a love story. In some ways, we have to see the beautiful character of pure love that Julie Liliom recovers. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this film killed Liliom when he was killed (the robbery plot is misplaced and Liliom throws himself a knife instead of taking him to the police). When he was dying, Julie said: "I beat all the time, but I did not apologize." When he finally dies, he says he loves it at last. (Never was a personage saying "I love you," the other one was alive.) After the death, the General Magistrate of God gives Liliom a day more on earth than to make his daughter "good" something. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed to stay on the ground for 10 years to see her daughter. He approaches the front of the house and tries to leave him "good". Trying to try to play cards, Gabriel will give him a horn, but does not interest him and he refuses. So he whispered. It was. Slaps. His And then it disappears all life. Look, we'll see her daughter Julie about this. The little girl does not hurt herself, she says it's like a kiss. This is a magical moment of the supposed film. She asks the mother as much as possible, and Julie replied that "he could beat someone and injure him and attack him and you will not hurt himself anymore." Then the music gets worse and Liliom goes to heaven to train the sky. Blech! <br /> <br /> There was a passion for saving this movie, and there was a talk with the Magistrate Mayor (HB Warner here was wonderful) and Liliom heaven train. The magistrate had deeper things about Liliom, about life and second chance and death. Only this scene has caused me to score more than 1 and 2 stars. Liliom has committed suicide as a way to escape his problems, the Magistrates says: "People think that when they die their difficulties are over. You thought you were dying to cancel all your responsibilities. It's not so easy. It is also spoken: you still remember your face, as long as it reminds you of what will leave you, there will be no time all the time. Until you are completely forgotten, you will not end the Earth, even if you are dead. " One of the most amazing litter ever seen is some excellent transcendental things. <br /> <br /> By the way, apparently this story has been filmed several times as "Liliom" and "Carrusel" music.
