Universal's response to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers direct and non-intelligent management of Michael Winner. There, a considerable cast is wasted, which includes crater-sized plots. Without mentioning, there are also stupid non-essential elements in the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves to the supreme proprietor of the Catholic Church with John Carradine, a blind and blind priest. always there in the window. Storms and bumps begin at the shelf. The tenant is worse, such as Burgess Meredith (cat and canary) and young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (who looks great at the age of 55) is the real estate agent who showed Raints the place. Christine's lover is Chris Sarandon, and after his wife's "suicide" relationship, she has been acquainted with her. José Ferrer has a small role in the "Confraternity Priest", which informs Arthur Kennedy of the monastery, but Carradine, but not only Raines, but also at the highest level. One night, Sarandon contracted a night upstairs with his hand, to see a room above Cristina's apartment, where he heard a murmur of metal and other big voices. That same night, Cristina, "Father died" in a nightmare, ended. Crowded in the street, Cristina Wallen and Christopher Walken police make blood for detectives, sure to investigate everything they need, with a cold lawyer who runs Sarandon against someone else. wives face a suicide court. In this case, Wallace is a motivating way to find out about his blood to Cristina and discover something that Sarandon is doing. He also has Martin Balsam, as a teacher, in this mysterious way, according to this Latin Cristina, and such as Jeff Goldblum, such as Tom Berenger, is a man who is interested in the room in his room. ) Cristina has been there! Something over me overwhelms me with explanation. At the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we wonder why they just started researching and leaving. Their characters remain in the back burner. How do the priests say "now," that a certain man will die and take care of the door that he has to lift, and why the trauma suffered by Cristina is not properly explained. Some ghosts appear to Cristina and when they disappear when they try to show Gardner, the birthday of a cat (see yourself) is not explained correctly. Without having to mention the role of Gardner's role without having to mention the scheme of all things ... people get up, but what is their reason in the film? It seems that this film has to be longer and let them do things that would be cleared, as a result of a gruesome impact that should be terrifying.
