Prison is located in Wyoming, where the work of a new jail has had a problem, with the decision of the state committee to reopen old prisons for 20 years. Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge of the director. 200 stray prisoners are being transported and the burke (Viggo Mortensen) is forced to establish an internal prison, and he is forced to enter the old rudimentary room, but it does not fail to do so, but there is an intense light that goes into the door. He eliminates and the entire jail electron, gas and fire are crazy for a few minutes. Burke undermines the deadly evil force that kills him and nobody is safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin. forget about a small story to have a story. Screenwriting Empire Pictures was recorded by C. Courtney Joyner in 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs Demonic Toys (2004). I have not heard of the horror of budget horizons and it seems to be very serious. The biggest problem I have had with Prison is too slow, it takes more than 30 minutes in the movie before the 'bad power', although the pace comes to an end, it was too late too late. As I am worried, then there is no storyline visible. First of all, he never tries to execute why he's hiding the "evil power" of his camera, he never explains why he decides to kill this random force, just because he is a vengeance or why he is. "Live on the Warden Sharpe, Burke There is no explanation for the place where it enters, although it seems that the same prisoners were electrified and returned, there is no real explanation about what the guardian does. Over the next two seasons of nightmares, he remembers that while he remembers something, he never knows why or why Explain, honestly, I could not give a plot summary, because the movie does not follow a rigid story, the character is boring and, without forgetting, a few murders are far away, the steps are far away, the whole movie mess and ghosts can not shoot directly to shoot the hero. Just enough way to spend a few minutes, really good things can be done. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br/> Harlin's American flick debut works well and the atmosphere is decent, but after over an hour I began to get bored, dull, dreary, dark prison, and bored in the corridors. I think the movie looks very repetitive, it's just a shame. I did not think it was terrifying and the movie was very sharp, apart from the time of the whole movie, when a policeman is killed by a policeman who looks after his body and his face. be open Except for another body, there is very little body that falls from the ceiling. There is a scene when the guardians are burning with prisoners mattresses in front of him and I spend all night in the room with underwear in the yard, I was watching this scene and I thought I would never do something like that. Here the prisoners have the right and if the Director had a protest of all those people, and all the prisoners were responsible for the Director, the prison and the Government of the courts! <BR> <br /> The alleged budget for $ 4,000,000 The prisoner had a fairly healthy budget, but it does not really look on the screen, it is sure that there is a cast and the special effects included are good, but it is generally set. at the same location with limited ambition. Prison really was shot in a private state of Wyoming, so it definitely looks like business. The performance is fine, Prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars do not have a hideous horror movie in their wardrobes, but in Mortensen's case, I have a great return on both The Return of the Chainsaw Massacre (1994). Surely he would like to forget ... <br /> <br /> A prison is a dull 100-minute waste, boring, dirty and dull, but I do not like it as I liked it. Actually, I prefer to have a story about my films, structured together with facts and events that have no sense of narration.
