Ulli Lommel's 'The Boogey Man' movie of 1980 is not classical, but it's an average low budget fridge that deserves a better look. Below, "Boogey Man II" (1983) is wasting time, but if it does not take it seriously, it's entertaining. Now, I left the door open to other segments, and I would not want to see at least more. One day, while browsing the store at the store, I found a movie called 'Boogey Man Return'. When I realized that it was a continuation of previous films, I was happy to receive several dollars ... I should know better. Although the title of the opening is 'Boogey Man 3', this is not the continuation of the two major films I have mentioned above. Well, not altogether anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! It's a laughter Is there a good thing about cow's sugar? Let's take a look at the footage of "Boogey Man" and ... it's very nice. Yes, that's about it. <br /> <br /> Cons: where did you start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this movie is boring. Scene goes from one place to another, without disturbing or frightening. The play is hard. "Actors" are friends of the inexperienced theater director, and probably not. The earth does not exist and writes the script. The direction is horrible. The director tries to make the whole look of the art moving the camera, flashing the lights and making filters, but does not add anything. It's a modest and hard music to listen to in pieces. Original links fail. Suzanna Love's character was named Lacey, not Natalie! The events presented at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Also, if there is 3 in this title, why not mention in section II? In the end, this is not something new or interesting for the series or genre. <br /> <br /> Last thoughts: People behind time and money waste should be ashamed of themselves. One thing is that the director's first film was an original movie. But instead of being a sequel to a masterpiece movie, it is surely much more interesting and entertaining than that. There is no doubt that if I have another sequel, it must be forgotten that someone who manages the idea of ​​having Lommel himself or a decent movie horror has ever happened. br /> My rating: 1/5
