I love the original Boogeyman. Of course, the horror leakage of the 80s is over, but these kinds of videos are visible! And it also gave us something different. So, I was happy to buy it and the movie came to my surprise (they actually had the only copy), so I thought "Eh, what hell" and I bought it. Error # 1. At night, so I watched a great movie (I bought it a day a day) and I thought I bought it was the shortest, and that's why I'll look at it and hit the bag. Error # 2. Yes, I heard it was bad, but I was ready to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So, a few minutes in the movie first and the first flashback. I do not think at the beginning. Then, in the bathtub, the footage with a prediction of chicken is new, and I like the direction it's doing. Then another longer flashback and I'm sitting there thinking "I saw Boogeyman first. I know what happens, so move!" Next, the next one will arrive and I think it turns and I move forward. Then the last one (Maybe I'm a quick explanation, but why was I lying in the mirror in the mirror? I could show it at least!) And I decided to go ahead and then the climax and the movie ended! WTF? What happened with the announcement? What happened to long-haired dude (did he touch anything?) And, more importantly, what idiots burned writers and directors when they made great positions? !!! And what was it? Was Annie the first movie to come up with? Or did things in the first movie happen at the same time? The latter may make sense of the face of Pantyhose Face in 1978, according to the characters in this film and 15 years later. Wait a minute, no, it was not! Lacey (who questioned Nancy's name!) Uli is stupid enough to remember the names of her film characters? Since her birth at the age of 20 she has been married since she was 5 and has not even married since she was 5, but also a look at 7 to 10 years! Did he go through the middle school? And also, why would Pantyhose after Annie? What is the link with the characters of the original movie? And I found a huge giant movie in this film, when the doctor writes in his notebook, warns anyone that it's just SCRIBBLING? Wow, how professional, Doc! So what are all the questions I gave to this explanation? RETURN OF CLOSING DOES NOT EVERYTHING BETTER THEM. I will try to find a copy of the original movie that is not just that movie (that is, perhaps some additional features, with any special edition). Then I will return this DVD and I hope that this review and everyone who has not seen it so watch this way, so that the movie shops are removed and this movie does not exist anymore! Please leave that way! Sorry! The review is so long. I was just angry at this movie
