A couple of couples will go to a booth cabin after the loss of their daughter. In those places, they found ghosts and suicidated the restless spirits of neighboring neighbors. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) as a result of the death of her daughter's daughter, because she has been married and the marriage is broken. It's left in the state of Julie, it's not an emotion, not a distant and a non-stop thing, that is, taking pictures of an abandoned prison, finding a stunning picture of a ghostly girl who comes to a bar in a cell. Allen does not see anything commonly, even though Julie continues to take photos and do not know about something. Jim Payne (Scott Hodges) a handful of local, a man who keeps a secret far from a dangerous threat becomes his dead mother about Pykes' issues. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sell the Pykes cabin also find victims, alcohol abuse by Mr Booth, the abuse that his wife will give to her throne. Allen will conduct a research on his cabin history, trying to clarify the mystery about this place. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts move in the background to this supernatural story, almost unhappy with all the characters. Cheri Christian continues to be so trivial and lost, it is very difficult to get in touch with her, despite her unpleasant situation. The effect, as is often mentioned, continues to be frustrated because a character is not easily accessible. I think that this is the case, in their situations, but I had the problem because Pykes could not properly embrace it as a result of constant alcoholism. Cheri comes out cold and separates, it seems to me that a mother seems to lose me as a child, but I asked her to embrace her frozen nature and I could never embrace her. I think the right performers, even though the characters are doing emotional disturbances, can take their hearts from the audience, if humanity reaches us ... In this case, the director can not do it for any reason. I could not, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but among the characters I did not enter my hearts. In any case, as the film continues, Allen collects some truths slowly and defends his wife without losing their daughters among them and their little girl. Jim thinks he wants to stop hauntings that need to kill Pykes, he thinks he is an essential threat. Ghosts continue to be the main part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, being very far away. In the end, all reveals that Allen has to help his wife, trying to avoid Jim's role. I was hard to bring it to it for my challenges and my characters.
