Okay, what the fuck should be? Is a fantasy movie of the family about the success of Spielbergen's "Third Type" on the success of the successful success? Or go back to the glorious days of prehistoric evolution, such as "When Dinosaurs Ruled Earth" and "The Lost World"? Can we not understand an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece? Yes, that must be! Regardless of what the creators of "The Day Time Ended" ("Armiarme de Reino" John "Bud" Cardos old "and writers David Schmoeller had to write in" Tourist Trap ", they had to be the false idea of ​​the genre, the story does not make sense The smallest is created and the structure of the narrative is not consistent to hell but, while in charge of it, the role-mistaken dinosaurs, small spacecraft, light and laser showers that cause headache and supernovae reactions. Voice input is almost impossible, but not It's worrying, it's all! Did you know that what we think is not a definition of "time"? It's a chronological paradox, it's a huge paradox! The words that were talking thousands of years ago are still moving around now and the things that are going to happen in the future We do not have any idea what it means, but it seems apparently a great excuse for tap dance to foreigners and well-meaning dinosaurs to wrap them together on the screen. I say really well-meaning dinosaurs, at any given moment, one of the prehistoric monster strikes it slowly before threatening its targets at the front door. Stuffed plots about rare families in unusual homes that live in the solar energy house. My father is very annoying, even more grandchildren, grandmother is a fake childhood advertisement for plastic surgery, the youngest son of plastic surgery, is it amazing that the Prince Prince Valiant looks like a young mother? very hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason does not make sense in the mommy husband's business trips around the shooting set. The special effects are pure and totally awkward (I hope that another reviewer who spoke about "extraordinary effects" was sarcastic), but the most sincere aspect of the interview! Read a wonderful example of this unique writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what it is, is it? This is the wrong space of time! <br /> <br /> Stevie:" I'm not sure I know what it means , dad "<br /> <br /> Grandpa:" Well, nobody really does! "<br /> <br /> Complete your opinion, gramps! Do you know what it is or not? And stop the words" The Vortex " Do you hear about "The Day Time Ended", a great childhood and not worth the film, although I fully understand that some of its fans have watched the movie because they have seen it from an early age and have been fascinated with a tremendous effect, like sudden cash or similar effects. The mushrooms they ate were unexpectedly dressed.
