Man, I find it really difficult for Alan Ball to be in the wrong. After seeing the first two episodes until now, I think I can safely say that this show will not be on my list to be seen. He has got several things against him. <br /> <br /> The actors have no doubt. As an Anna Paquin Sookie star, she's horrible. I remember that the other thing I saw was a lot better and maybe it's just a handwriting. Yes it does not look very funny. There being honest, it feels ugly. Bill's actress is a bit better in reverse, because her character is wooded and farther. All other actors are doing the best, but it's hard work with the characters clicking on the actions to complete. Watching Tara is very difficult, as Rutina Wesley completely kills her accent. Practicing is bad as nails. It's almost scary Nelsan Ellis, sometimes it's hard to understand what it is. Both his character, Tara, seems a bit racist for me. I do not know, HBO says "why" says he's having a character, and that seems curious. So far I've thrown away the granddaughter of Sookie, the brother of his sexuality and his only talented sheriff as William Sanderson. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be looking for him at this time without worrying about the interest of the audience. The things about love are very dark. Although this is obvious, the campaign is a bit like the old episodes of Dark Shadows in ten years. Sometimes it seemed so sincere that I was supposed to be. But unlike showings like Buffy, the show was far removed from the camp. Outside of the room is the extreme gore and sex scene of the show. I do not contradict how well they are doing, like many other HBO shows, but here, the long sex scenes that are cooperating with Jason Stackhouse seem like a long and meaningless one. <br /> <br /> I liked the sequence of the opening title of the most enjoyable thing to say about this mischief. In the end, HBO had a bad luck with its shows, I hope to cancel it in the first season and try to get something better in the air.
