This show had a lot of rumors but I did not know about midseason (Season 1). Someone even recommended the show. But I saw that if I wanted to see it, I was waiting for the end of the season to see it from the ship. Due to the format of the exhibition, I am happy to wait. I think it was pretty annoying that almost any section ended up hanging in the midst of some hangers, and waiting for the next week to find out what happened next to the other story. the spectacle has got too much sex. Jason will do anything with sex. After knowing that he was dead with a wife with his wife, the next day he is in bed with another woman! Then Tara and Sam get to know that Sookie is in love. And for some reason, Sookie becomes angry when he finds out later - though he slept with a vampire. One of the problems of the show is not a good job of preserving the characters. Jason did not care me anymore. With the endless search of the story, he could scare people with really worried. After some episodes, I would not be worried. For that reason, I was mostly interested in murder until the granddaughter of Sookie became a victim (the first two were closer to Jason). It shows a few more stories. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, and then the exorcist, Tara, will try to convince her that she must remove her demon. I am not worried about all the exorcism, I know there are some people who believe in these things. However, they will loose a lot of time because of that farce that Tara shows about 1300 dollars about her mother and exorcism. At other points, some developments happen too fast. Jason is still back, trying to sell her grandmother to buy blood vampires, and apparently it's a new crack or something. The girl who searches with V (vampire blood) finds that girl. They get great, and within three days they fall in love with each other and they will kidnap a vampire for a steady streaming source. Another example is when Bill vampire needs to go to court. It only has gone two days before Sookie begins to feel abandoned and asks if he thinks he is more important than "vampire politics". <br /> <br /> Wisdom is not the strong attitude of this show. Local genius needs a genius to find a local dog. In my opinion, he was not dead, it was not surprising. But in the last two episodes, it was annoying because you just pushed your face on your face, you probably can not imagine yourself. When Tara enters the car accident, she clearly shows the girl's face with her pig, and it can easily be detected for the salvation that appeared in prison. If that was not enough, the lady will show the pig again at home. It's time to kill the murder story. At the end of the previous section, Renee is not the one who indicates it and is probably a killer. In the final section, Renee encourages your face to be a murderer. Sookie highlights, clearly, that Renee's thoughts are not accented. I thought very well, adding Renee as a scam. But the next scene is full of evidence against Renee. Renee shows that Maudette's tape is about the vampire and she finds herself a tape in one of Renee's boxes, how to falsify a Cajun accent. At that moment it was ridiculous. I mean! Blah blah blah stuff so happens. Bill is dying to himself, unless he saves Sookie, who succeeds in killing Renee again. Season 2 starts leaving unfinished issues. Sam is a naked joke with Sam's story, he's gone and maybe he's been killed. Jason is cleared by some individual church counterparts of being a nut nut - which made me much less cared about him. <br /> <br /> It's almost amazing to see how much a person loves the show. . I think that this conception is better. I would like to see what happens during season 2, but I see, I have to wait a whole season.
