Located in South Africa, a young black man participates in the "Gangsta" movie. But without knowing the street life, it is called or does not get to know what life is. An old friend of a student gets to go to school, and the crime of the appearance of the movie makes crimes to be overthrown. But the director of the gang, according to the horrible ruin of his new friend's life, suggests a golden gift for something better. <br /> <br /> It's pretty interesting, but it's just that. In the first half, it is very meandering and boring, while at the end of "kidnapping" it occurs with very low-speed small-speed dogs. In these "purchases", two police cars are used, at the start of the Nissan Sunny 90's. They are not only cheaper (and I find it hard to believe in the use of old cars in South Africa in 2000). None of them even get away from scratch. Car leakage is badly shot, the camera is far and worst with an angle, and the traffic is minimal for roads, and lasts up to 2 minutes, although it is very small that it is a very skilled, pedestrian and totally unexciting driver who can easily escape the police. Now, the characters and the plays bring me bad times. The car has been around 13 years old and is believed to be very good at losing a very terrible police officer. Not everyone thinks they are convinient, so many times bored by themselves. <br /> <br /> At the end of the closing of the film, our main character ("Sox Moraka") steals the gang from steals. a car from a parking lot Despite the difficulty, the police arrive and asks what he does and he replies that his car is. After a short argument, they try to detain them, and then arrested by the Police, and retreated in the car. After entering, the Police return and injured. After another pathetic sequence of persecution, they decide to abandon the car and destroy any light. I am one of the most frightening and terribly frightening special effects ever seen here. When cars are "bursting", overlaid flakes will appear in every window, though they can not be overcrowded with sound effects over time. It's so badly done and so false, and it's hard to think about words, and think that we really should think. If you see slow motion, it's even more fun. I have seen better than this in documentaries for the reconstruction of murder. The car is Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. A huge amount would not have been worth something, and they did not want to refrain seriously from a real explosion? I would be sorry to know how much the budget for this movie was. I find it very cheap that I am surprised by South Africa, and it is even more surprised that it has come to be a DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know that Hollywood is not a big budget. I know that traders are stealing South African riders, selling and selling parts in the black market, but with eerie effects, they run with poorly executed cars, a great performance and a wonderful character, meaning. reality is totally lost. <br /> <br /> In general, NO, I definitely do not recommend seeing this. If you want to be a laughter and would like to see one of the smallest amovie budgets ever created, I would recommend it for that, only. <br /> <br /> A bankruptcy is wrong, poorly edited, failing at low budget drivel and not boring. I have seen a lot of South African films, such as NuImage / Nu-World action photos, and that's why it's much better than that.
