The British Public School did not evolve because of a popular and widespread idea of ​​educating upper classes, although it was designed for the administration of the British colony, as well as for governors, civil servants and military personnel. When public schools were worthy of their worth, they started the aristocracy panderers, just as they had been taught by their tutors and teachers in their homes. As it happened before. "So, Eton and Harrow were particularly popular with that class, and most of the public schools took on lesser scale students. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous Public School ever seen, was the son of a parsein of a country, he was not a kordel. At the end of the 1960s, England, after a colonial post-collision country, and Harold Wilson's "Gannex" mac finished his commitment to old relatives, he greeted Lindsay Anderson's "If" cathartic. and a bad spirit of others, it must be borne in mind that the so-called "summer revolution" after the "October Revolution" was followed by police officers in London and was not an event in the United States Embassy that had broken one or two windows, but they did not achieve anything. When Mr. Films arrived at the movie theaters, they asked for old revolutionaries, and Malcolm McDowell saw them as "Them". utena In the end, his fate definitely overwhelmed him. They managed to get into the US embassy. The film does not know anything about public schools, homosexuality, cold-minded harassment, patriarchal teachers, or even dreadful traditions. They are very popular lists. Britain and the school corporation were said to be allegorious in comparing the rotten and destroyed society. Well, almost forty years in the same schools still bloom, the British social system has not changed, "The October Revolution" has long been forgotten by those involved, Anderson has finished his "State". Country "without any trilogy. If you prefer to read a book about students who had a better system than McDowell and his friends, he also lived to tell the story, a man who found a copy of" Stalky & Co. " Written. Many "poems" called "Anderson" were given on behalf of Anderson, a man born in the colonial India, a man who is historically silent in airbrushed literature, person. It may be possible to start a revolution around someone.
