Although Blue Underground released a DVD for five years now, I have never encountered this Italian "sword and witchcraft" element in the Italian television of the night, and now I see it for myself, I know why. It is not for the extreme director of the director (for example, for example) or for the regular behavior of the rector, or in which a few women go to the whole topless stage (it has settled in the dark ages). They are simply very bad things. In fact, I still could see the worst kind I've seen, and I've seen a lot (especially in the last few years, after the trip I made in 2004) the Venice Film Festival)! What I thought about the failure of the film was how to think of the successor (and the wonderful) of his director's budget in the anticipated timeframe, I see the point: I prefer the first time of Fulci's "giallo" (1968-77) for more horror games about myself , but, in spite of the latter, his commitment was doubtful. On the other hand, is CONQUEST not inspired by Fulci? Seeing how he decided to cut off the mistakes with a continuous cloud, they threw boring characters (cannibals, doggies, anyone), irrelevant gore (before and after the witness of the famous flesh food). their brains won their hairy antagonists!) as well as a few hidden intimidation, brain-haired hair (do not ask) and his reptilian pet covered! What we deserve here is that we cherish two of our heroes: a young extreme dude boy, to confirm the man's odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and to tie his muscles (Jorge Rivero, or Frenchy Howard Hawks). RIO LOBO (1970)!), Although it's called Mace (perhaps a synopsis of Maciste?), It seems that occasionally it falls into the cave that does not protect itself (especially if it's wonderful). "boil" unpleasant attack). Unfortunately, although the short habit of saving this ordinary passion is shown here, Goblin's Claudio Simonetti electronic partition seems sometimes inadequate. Fulci is going to give the movie a frenzy of coda, the hero survived to the desert (after defeating one and all, with the help of the important magic arch, due to its supposed physical strength). next to her next? and fortunately unfilmed ?? adventure!
