Do you know the letters "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" each year? Well, it turns out that they are not really delivered but the semi-forgotten mailboxes fall into the corner unless they are a way of publishing glitters. Like the curious settings, the winner is the "Dead Letter Office" curious film. That said, that's, of course, an Australian film before the British. If it was Royal Mail, most of the letters still get treatment. In these two years I have not been in this house and we are still getting letters to Mr. Wang Wang, some of the Church of the Last Week, I have never heard you, and different industry equipment catalogs for a plumbing company "<br /> <br />" Dead Letter Office "(the name that names the place where it was posted by email) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), writing in her adultery that her letters are not delivered to one reason or another, so logically, the work of the DLO He is also working with other renounced socialists, including the creator of Frank Lopez (Chilean immigrants), who gradually finds himself drawn, but can find out where his father is the world of the Office of the Office of the Dead. Do not put on the knee? <br /> <br /> They did not fight against this movie, but they reminded me of the divine movies of Heather Graham in the "Commitment" movie. However, the dirty horse is much better than that, but it is not difficult again. To start, this movie is logical. True, the metaphors are very hateful and the downward symbolism becomes a flood soon. But, at least, this is cohesive and curious, without being a full driver. It works well Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good, they have never been found when other characters are peripheral. Part of the problem seems to be getting sharply faster, leaving the viewer feeling a bit disappointed. In the other part, if you do not speak English, do not go back to Australia, it's not a reality. The other characters, unfortunately, help to imbalance realism, proving less than stereo stereotypes. <br /> <br /> However, "Dead Letter Office" is something different. It may not be like everyone, but I liked it. Yes, they were sharp and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a gun or a non-violent movie, who do not have to swear and nudity (there's no such possibility in an Australian movie). There's no big laugh, it's not Bullet Time and the characters are in a single dimension. But it's a story that tells you about it, and it's not a shaking on earth, it's a nice way to go through it at the time. Sheryl Crow is a movie equivalent to a CD, now nice to hear, but you should not miss it.
