It is a theoretical conspiracy directed against the religious feasts celebrated in the Holy Week in Seville, "Nobody knows anyone." He is also the best friend of the movie hero. The plot has created bombing as a computer game, himself and as a hero as a player and Seville as a virtual environment. Real streets and streets of the city have begun labyrinths of these kind of games of the old Pacman. In this way, the scene of the hero and his female friend, penitents dressed in black, could not be played. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that it is building like a narrative game: the work of the hero is to create a popular newspaper crossword puzzle; At one point, the crossword on his screen becomes a grid and later plays against his mistress's father. Traces are scattered deeply, while the camera barely closes into images that have a significant appearance during the mystical camera (for example, the bar ad), they are included in the game Detective / paper chase elements, rather than an investigation. The film takes on a lot of film on the "Seenen" story, and anyone who believes in Catholic education will find out about the events that took place during several days in the EA races. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is in a narrative level, because the hero fights against the enemy (in this case, the computer), to win and save it today. But there is a second game, the first movie itself. They do not have the set of traces but the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are chess references, a writer named Navokov and director of Worship Sarin. If we remember Sirin Mermaid in the 30s that love Chok, we will see another game, we are not suspicious but the hero is the same. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel, in the book 'Pale Fire', author images create a text designed to conceal its causes, from a writer and reader to a game to get a real text. The whole film is a visual distorted scene (for example, a recruitment image), or dreams and hallucinations that affect the suspicion of the heroic vision. All starting references to games are linked. In the initial sequences, the sexual impulse and creator of the character is much more so, so the film can be an attempt to master life, as it can be a winner, as it can not be. He immediately won the game when his block of the writer disappeared; The words that you write are the title of the film, saying it is a general author. In addition, the Spanish title itself reflects negatively, a highly-invested investment, trapped by a hero like Kinbote in his solecism. <br /> <br /> Postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon). They are also referred to as Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the city's idea and its history as a map and text, and as a cultural history of today). The Bunabic antiquity and Alex de la Iglesia's 'shock' film only produce this film; Thus, each and every bright and luminous element to annul the ultimate interest debtor. The lack of clarity on the rules of the game becomes incomprehensible and eventually dressed. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such high precision, the main interest of the film lies in its quality documentary, a record of a true city story, independently of its events. Indeed, the ambiguous blur of fiction can create a masterpiece such as "Sans Soleil" or "London", but in the end, you need to have a slight touch to adapt to your own knowledge.
