First of all, I have to point out that it is a rare time to comment on a movie I have seen, it takes a special case to write me how much time and a movie I have felt. That said, I've seen fascinating films I have seen, Shawshank, Black Woman, Black Woman, Fun, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs Zombies. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not fun! For those who are looking for a fun or at least bad movie, it's fun to look elsewhere. It's true that the movie like this is not subtle and bright, so you know what you're getting into with that title. That said, there is no excuse for leaving all the rules governing the world of the movie. The controversy between traditional films for creating a movie is not a debate between traditional films, that is, to watch films that make a lot of reasons for the directors and the worst companies. <br /> <br /> More than one used movie says: "I do not know where to start." Everything about this movie is really broken. There is no reason to play in the performance and the editing of films, such as the consistency of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following are: 1. Misplaced scenes: it is clear that the directors, the camera and the actors were not on the same page. In a scene, especially the scene, the camera starts to rest on the floor facing the passenger car door. You are expecting the person you are coming in, but there is one, and it is not excessive, at least 10 seconds, the delay between the camera is lit and the director says "action" where the screen appears. The spectator looks for a car door all the time, without sound, without movement, but rather a "dead air" stereotyped by radio or television commercials. Where was the edition? 2. Playing - In most cases, a crime can be forgivable, you can not see such a movie among the Oscars, but Vampires vs Zombies plays a different level. These "actors" were almost impossible to read their scripts; For those who have the ability to read and speak, languages ​​could be better spoken than stupid ones. The only comparison for the event would be the opening of Resident Evil Playstation. However, acting was better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story - Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect The Greatest Story ever happened, but is it too much to be a narrative? Why are vampires divided? Who are the characters? Who are the bad ones? Are there good ones? Why Lesbians? But what matters most, what about zombies? If you have watched this movie, you can understand what I mean, but I'm not clear about it, there are no zones in this movie for about five minutes. Almost the director has forgotten the name of the film and had to throw away some zombies without explanation, at the end. <br /> <br /> There is so much more, but I have done enough. Anyone can watch this movie.
