I saw a couple of nights again, I did not expect too much and it was not surprising that he would not give too much. A vampire hunter group (V-San, for vampire sanitation) is just about to walk around the spacecraft, space distributions and people that recover their space, and if the movie was better handled, it might be quite a bit. one Unfortunately, after a pretty decent start, the real sense of quality begins to run away from the movie, leaving behind something, even if it is empty, it's quite flammable. I do not expect anything special from those movies that appear in the Sci Fi Channel, and at least this was not one of its creatures, but it was still pretty bad, especially writing and acting, but a huge contribution to the wickedness of the terrible music in general. . When the film chose only for a buzzing, noisy sound of the science fiction soundtrack, it did well, but often the smooth and bitter rocks began to slow down and the scene went crazy. I would like to act in general and write more, if it were not the selection of music, a serious accusation figure, to make cursive things comedian silk. Among the play, Dominic Zamprogna was attentive, but not the main hero. Leanne Adachi was quite disturbing, a hard-nosed little girl, and Aaron Pearl did not write or be interested in her. Although it did not seem right next to the play Natassia Malte, he has managed to be a non-irritating nature of the other characters, and seeing it is very enjoyable. Rolando's serious name is Michael Ironside and he does well, but it's a fun way to be suspicious. He seems to be having fun and earning money and his role is entertaining. In general, the effects are good, especially when they are standards of the science fiction television series, and they are also some splattering blood and fun gore. Things go well, and I almost feel that this movie is badly valued, but I remember laughing, and I realize that unless the movie is an intentional comedy. t success Too lame, daft, it's convincing, I guess their efforts well, but it does not seem to me. Just tell me if you tell Sci Fi trash or unwanted rumors.
