Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a dirty movie, the concept of military type vampires that break down in spaces and struggles lies in the potential of the most difficult thing. Even though the universe is full of vampire races, with many ideas, many of which still have to know the characters, it's very pleasant. As the vampire part of the galaxy outside of the Earth, I do not know how the makers of the work they do, depending on the nature of the vampires. Who needs to eat, almost everyone does not know if it's a vampire. This movie combines a low-budget mix with Firefly / Serenity and vampire films with a foreign cartoon. The action episodes of the film are fairly average and derived (especially Serenity) but adequate - Reasons are well executed, and a vampire movie is enough, including some of the most common comic diseases. There are a lot of characters, most of them boring, mostly from the conflict between characters that look strange and immature, especially cowboy dude and Asian women. There really are some types of work and the actors do not play badly, but above all things slow down. It's a nice effort to try the characters without any shadows, but people are not seeing a movie called Bloodsuckers, the development of the characters and the drama. The play is fine. Michael Ironside will fall asleep and it's always fun to watch and a couple of women are at least hot. SFX space is not very bad for low budget work. The story is quite a bit of a mean and derivative, but the world has little potential for it. Things are set up Bloodsucker seems to be a driver of the television dynamics of the characters, not included in the world, but without exploration, etc. <br /> <br /> Highlights the movie and draws a few moments from his head. - In truth, these can be misleading. - Our heroine asks for a questionnaire that makes a puppet seat a sock. Ridiculous - "Sexual scene". WTF, indeed. -Credit "And Michael Ironside Muco". All the annoying aspects of each one are very loud and usually good pop music is very loud in the middle of the movie scene. It is painful to listen and only mean to eliminate the average. <br /> <br /> Essentially you're a good watch, something you like, even for a "breast" scene.
