Although good actors, particularly Fritzi Haberland Lilly blind, is a obsessive and completely arbitrary movie screenplay. A renowned director of theater (Hilmir Snær Guðnason) turns blind himself into a self-inflicted accident, commands himself and his fate. Lilly, because she is visible from her birth, is a blind teacher and wants to see her again. (The blind person sees fingers, nose and ears). This movie has become a roadmovie. and the longer a path becomes, it will be closer to foresee their relationships from the beginning of the film. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother Russia lives somewhere in the sea and makes artistic installations, of course, what else he should do! - And he still lives because his son is waiting for him to die. My god This is fate! <br /> <br /> At last the son has arrived! Mother celebrates a great party! On the beach The wind is emitting and a pianist is playing a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they're goodbye. The son enters in time. The mother can swallow tablets given by a beautiful nurse. Now the great artist may die in the arms of his great artist's children, while talking about the sad reflections about the direct life of German brethren, while his son responds with acute accent. The son can not see, because he is not in love with the nurse, the movie script would be too complicated too! - But Lilly is looking back home. <br /> <br /> With Lilly's sister, she's asking her to stay home because of a bad seminar. . This time it is favorable. Mother (Tina Engel) travels with Lilly, Paul (Harald Schrott) as a lover. They're after Lilly to bring them back. Paul and Lilly's mother are not in love, because the movie's script would be very difficult. The movie script does not lack to make a great deal of Paul. I would suggest an architect or a pianist or a famous course! When Lilly finally finds they want to convince Paul to go back to Paul, because he has two eyes and able to look after him. But Lilly's students, the theater director fell in love; Did I mention that the theater director was famous? <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As you can see in this seemingly productive production, the subsidy fund for German films has not always produced good films because they have subsidized these pseudo-types of intellectual films. This movie is really shameful. I have the impression that the movie scripts have been confused in some of the top-level cafes and restaurants. Everyone can help with an idea. Probably Til Schweiger has also collaborated with an intellectualally-produced flash as a co-producer. The movie scripts reminded me of another German reverse movie: "Barfuss" - the spell of the title is already incorrect! "Barfuss" DVD covers proudly: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film has been awarded by Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not waste your time with your movie! There are really good films in Germany. Take care of Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
