Ghost Town Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives on an isolated desert road. Suddenly, his car is interrupted and hears his horse feet ... Langley (Frank Luz) is missing out on Riverton's county party. Father says he's missing her. He finds his broken car and is looking for him, unfortunately, his car breaks down and needs to go on foot. Langley ends in a ghost town that is deserted. Langley will soon see that it will soon arrive as a fantasy town as a resident of the former ghost ghosts and led by evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs). Kate has been kidnapped for reasons that have never been explained, she responds to Langley and ends up curseing the people ... <br /> <br /> Richard Governor's only one-of-a-kind effort has really been and I did not like it. The script of Duke Sandefuren's horror and western genres does not cause much influence. Have you ever wondered why there are no more hybrid western films? Well, I do not have it, but if I asked myself, I'd find all the answers to Ghost Town because it's not very good. Both genres do not mix well. There are a lot of clichés, the western side of the page, innocent people are afraid of being afraid of dealing with a group of horror groups that are horrified, main street shooters, top bars and prostitutes on the upper floor. And there are many scholars of horror, some ghosts, an ancient curse, corporeal and violent dying. I felt very little, I think that there is nothing other than a very bad mistake and that both genres do not fit together. There are a few holes in the ground, why has kidnapped Devlin Kate? I know he had a previous girlfriend, but how did he know and what would she do with her? We never know why this ghostly town is full of ghosts, what does it mean for them to keep and what caused them to return as a ghost? Then, in the end, a little after Devlin shot, he can not kill only Langley to die a few seconds later, why do not they say they did not work bullet first? <br /> <br /> The Governor's director is well, there is a black horror movie set with some well-lit layers of light. The western Hollywood standard town is represented here, along with the central street, with wooden buildings. I would not say it's terrifying because it's not there, there's not much voltage and the movie is dragged into places for even more than 80 minutes. Forget about everything, there are some bloody injuries, after the conflict with two people, and someone is involved with a metallic pole and that is it. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined that the quote was quite small here, it was very well done, and that is the power to do anything else. In terms of credit, credits are one of the old clothes and sets that are quite good. The play is fine, but they do not win any awards. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a curious film, I do not know who plays it and what it seems to me. . Those who are looking for West are scared of horror elements while they are looking for a horror movie while the western elements get bored. It's something different, but that does not mean it's good, it's worth the clock worthy of your desperation, but you do not see it.
