With The Perfect Witness (2007) I had the latest viewer experience, I confirmed the NetFlix computer recommendation engine to see the movie. Apparently, in a way, I told him how much I liked Michael Haneke's Benny's Video. I do not know for you, but the drawn parallelism gave me a lot of emotion and enthusiasm about Thomas C. Dunn's movie and my assignment was almost impossible to give up. This kind of recommendation of NetFlix's computer science mentor, for me, had a high level of aesthetic / moral film, reflecting that there was little evidence in all the films produced in 2007. <br /> After giving my answer to this film, I will play this picture at the bottom, throw it as bad as it is empty; and I really hate doing it, I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is one of the most interesting faces of contemporary cinema, but also one of the main screening talent in the United States. Certainly, I am completely worried that the poor man will lose a huge ship if he continues playing among such first directors. <br /> <br /> The great spot is Micky (Wes Bentley). , about thirty years ago, is still a mother ("Are you not yet saying the area again?"), but "filmmaker" or at least a street class voyeur would be a Johns shooting pension in the distant back streets of Philadelphia, his DVX 100B with. Externally, while drilling in private investigations, Micky was hanging "unnoticed" on a video camera with a camera camera usually in a moving emotion of thirty-thirty. It must be remembered that the film is closely linked to the white ghetto card (and not to its friends and parents, who do not pay for their ghetto cards), Micky approaches. The attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also writes a credit card) or "Mac the Knife" - and a killer murderer to make a documentary about his murder, with the discovery of threatening police threats. . <br /> <br /> The problem of this movie is not because they do not have any interesting ideas. While writing and conducting are amusing, this is not a bad film. These guys think badly about how amazing they are presenting, an action that can be accessed and accredited by anyone in the world of free access to a private computer in a context of culture in a small Mac or PC. There is no film based on the value of the coups alone (of course, ironically, it is a film about animal torture), and so cinematic (real or fake) images of violence are decreasing every year as less cultural capital. We have also achieved this amazing talent of the actor in all the stylist, with a true hip-shape: two-inch beard and a small bill with his head, back, like the dull side of his hat. The services of my main interest in love, which he now calls himself "poet." <br /> <br /> Replace. "I'm an artist", "I'm a filmmaker." Okay Please follow Crtmie. It looks like you've bought a lot of expensive 35mm stock. Go ahead, you can take all the discoveries of a "creative" one, but do not expect it, as you continue to track your average character while removing the path of Wes Bentley through your two-hour movie. Why do not we tell the story of the story, the director of cinema. My story will invent, eventually, to say something about it, probably that's not as good as you think. And yes, it's nonsense to be guilty of your beloved sweet oil, here here is our friend Micky, The Perfect Witness; With smack and your friend's blood was covered in your hand with a video camera. Great
