Another day is included inside the house, another movie to watch. Yesterday after the last Christmas shopping full of cold and foggy nights, I did not go anywhere else "I forgot the Earth." Or, in other words, I did not need to see it. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the bastion of the leading actors, brings a handful of sailors on seashore somewhere in Atlantic Ocean in 1916. U-Boat (in a scene with a different logic and reason) is finally found in a strange island, apparently without touching human hands. Together they explore the land and discover the dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape to survive this time in the forgotten country? <br /> <br /> "Star Wars" a few years ago, these films have been bright years by special effects. Model shots are not better than anything else you'd like to see in any of the "Stingray" episodes of Gerry Anderson, and creatures are not much better. When T-Rex (that's what I suppose) died, these zombies have fallen as they die - they move in the middle and are frozen, arms and legs, like a cow to sleep. it has been pushed. Surely, groups are not very bad, but bad performances and endless explosions (all the same ones) make efforts to enjoy credibility and full image. Characters are not credible and you do not deserve your sympathy when the gun is doing anything they are moving on. In the end, I do not mind leaving or leaving the island until it reaches to the end, I felt that it was more pleasant than amusing. <br /> <br /> The costumes are real, until they are hidden by men and their hair is made of bikinis and loincloth fabrics. And though it was quite obvious from their actions, you should not know about the accents that existed from some German characters. The whole thing was just cohesion and cohesion, confused the viewer in places and did not mix in other places. In general, this film is almost entirely entertained, but Colin Farrell will find little games that try to do one's own work. I saw her name in credit and half expected her baby to be accused of Irish acronyms and facial hair. Okay It's not particularly wonderful to see here, but you're happy to have lunch and weather if you're avoiding more activities.
