Linearly from the beginning to the end, this story of a homosexual couple has caused AIDS's "orbits" in its "perfect day". The film is organized as a life that is remembered in asynchronous parts, rather than in a flow in a sequence that lives directly. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, above all to describe the impact of the planned or experienced losses. Conversation unfortunately is missing. Scriptwriting often commands actors to wonder if they are surprisingly stupid or non-understandable things. In a second unexpected second encounter, clearly excited, a guy who is reluctant to hear Phillip is reluctant to say about his difficult week. But when Guy begins to open, Phillip, one of the main English, blurs, "You are not a lovely crisis, right?" Later, looking at the bedroom and twin body of her lover, young Shakespeare began to love the beauty of some time: "The way you cut across space ... I can not describe it" - but it does not endorse the lack of verbal skills. This type of guidelines follow AIDS hospitals with: "What did I think the death was completely clean and that it tied me up?" and "Florence Nightingale looks like a nursing trim." <br /> <br /> Often the film suffers from defective nuances. The unlikely characters are much more than jarring and steamroller-leveling. Phillip's annoying friends - unfortunate trusted funds and dizziness, the poorest ones - keep a diatribe caustic about all who cross their path. Thanks to this suggestion, writers can offer many social opportunities to get a clear social comment, but unfortunately their comments are simply unpleasant, without any understanding or idea. It is difficult to know if our scriptwriter has made an intellectual obligatory nature or uses its link in its perimeter. <br /> <br /> The plots are the ones that most like and praise this movie. In the 1980s, the US bourgeois explores a serious life: first encounters, trial, coupling, nest, complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, dissolution, abuse, approach, forgiveness, illness, death and survival. Leads Phelan and Spirtas give good and good performances giving complex characters over time. They help get their good looks, both of which were sustained by chemistry, sensitivity, and self-sufficiency, as well as some audiences who also chemically favored the painful weaknesses of this film. Plots of land plots and sequential flashbacks added complexity with no dramatic utility, and in some cases left the sequence and, consequently, have implications for a particular event. <br /> <br /> Could not the movie be recommended? No stickers for technical and literary quality, absolutely! AIDS is a catharsis that survived or is likely to be a tear-filled tear. The best written alternatives for analyzing AIDS relations are: Philadelphia, and the band, Longtime companion, Angels in America, Early frost, Parting looks, Love! Value! Pity! and even Jeffrey.
