Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974, 1977) is a veteran of Hong Kong's Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer Omen, Blood in Payment, etc.), women from the prison movie of the legendary Shaw Brothers. . Yes, they have been involved in such low-risk diseases, and it is definitely among the worst-case attempts at the Bamboo genre, even if they are facing western attempts compared to Eastern films. <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp, where Chinese women report Japanese abuse (what else?) to exterminate the Chinese war abroad, abuse and rape. Girls also know a secret place where a box filled with gold is hidden and a Chinese military officer (Lo Lieh Shaw veteran), who has been raised in Japan, is also a secret agent among other Japanese and the girl naturally helps them escape from hell. Below, a free development, kung fu, torture, gore, sleaze and anti-Japanese attitude are very demanding. This film is a junk and honest and it is not more than trying. > <br /> There are hardly any interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. Sometimes, in the end, photography is good, especially with a rays of sun and nature, but this is in the merits section. Fighting scenes are numerous and are always between naked females. In general, violence is quite noisy, many bullets are wounded, torture with a misogynist scene (for example, a bad girl dropped on the floor with broken glass and so on) and is very bad and endless behind. Of course, talking about "moral" when writing about this huge movie is a fool, but I still do not admit finding items from any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is also enjoyable. sure items for turkey! For example, the gold box is filled with heavy gold, it seems that the weak and the women who have undergone problems are not problems and cause problems to move. Similarly, many "scape-resistant scenes" are very ingrained smileys that affect trash movie lovers. I've seen the same director as Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more important than the piece, and although the live snakes are dying, it is also more visually appealing and on the opposite side. great city and society It is also essential for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> Dolls House of Bamboo has also undergone some censors, which is not surprising about this issue. In Europe, at least one version of the non-versatile bundle published in France, Italy and Switzerland has a print run of 104 PAL, Dutch, Belgium and Greece, for only 84 minutes of PAL. As I have heard, the cut scenes are not only violence or other graphic elements, but also dialogue and "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is a garbage film whose shape is in the trash. and, definitely, something I would not want to see with general Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong. Some of the Italian films of the same theme are much more interesting and interesting, as the film is very ridiculous, calculated and vacant. 2/10
