I'm not usually given to hyperlowers, but after being seen for more than two decades I'm worthy of an Oscar, I can say that this year's awards show a bad example, a cruelty and a stupid example of stupidity I have ever had. except witnesses. I do not talk about these rewards, as it is commonplace, there is a lot to argue about winning, losing and never being named, but the process has always been and is as reasonable as ever. it can be. An uncomplicated treatise is the treatment of "stars" and "non-stars" in the hands of Cates and Horvitz under the name of "reduction of boredom". <br /> <br /> That's enough for those who did not play Al Pacino for 45 seconds in recent years, what he said, and what emotion was behind the statement. However, he reveals a cow without a cow in the ranch of the ranch in the vineyard, without paying tribute to their faces, while losing their names, to refuse them. The excitement to go on the podium to the audience, and their statements to read. All these things were "non-stars"; In fact, movies would not have existed by artists, and most of them get the chance to face their classmates and spectators. <br /> <br /> The stars were not much better. It's a lot more fun, Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood's winners have to follow in seconds in their speeches. Chris Rock, as a host, was not swollen and controversial about the hope of the Academy, not as funny as it was. His first notes were virtually (but not quite) offensive as Sean Penn did, and the comments on the show were not very interesting. Of course, he could hardly be guilty of any fault, because it was clear to him that a host had a short stay. In the end, Chris Rock was almost never something: non-entity. <br /> <br /> Although the music numbers were badly managed. Beyonce sang well, but there was no reason why they had three of these five songs. Another example that goes away from an artist, was Jorge Drexler's singing called Antonio Banderas, although he was Drexler and, of course, he should not sing his song, based on his "speech". <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's effort to make the show shorter and faster is to work, but this did not have a live show. We have been fascinated by the long speeches of people we do not know, about amazing production, about the quality of self-happiness. But it's their night, not ours. Celebrating a celebration has become an insult to the people that celebrate it. Actually, Cates and Horvitz were ashamed.
