I'm a fan of Pacino movies. It is one of the best actors of this genre, if not. However, this movie can be a lot better, even poorer. All those who had to tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he was jailed. Instead, it was just one of the many stories that Carlito could talk about. We also asked some questions about her past asking about her original. As I'm worried, this is the only way to make this movie. Instead, we get almost no precaution from the original characters, which plays a part of the original (horrible movement), and Carlito's totally different love interests. Do not start with Puffy too. I can not seriously misrepresent this cat after watching all the artists' videos. She waited for her to open her mouth all the time she opened her mouth. Anyone got me to laugh. Mario Van Peeples was surprised. I thought that due to the recent history it would make little returns. He did it well For me, surely, the "most credible opinion" was the entire cast. Jay Hernandez has done his best, but he has no skills in his career at this time. I appreciate their energy and effort. Pacino is hard to follow. The only way to find out about Carlito is to see the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold killer in a scene, and then nothing else. It was the worst gangsta in that era, but you would only see the splendor of this movie. Perhaps Hollywood is a wonderful way to make a second attempt to face this defeat. I would not surprise myself. <br /> <br /> Generally, I think the movie was short or what could be. 3 I laughed at the only thing that gave me, and Mario Van Peeples got some respect with me. A serious director should take this movie and turn it into a story and become a true prelude. He is very disappointed that this film has not been taken seriously. They would be better at the HBO series, and it tells the story of the original. At the end of the film, Carlito suggested that he should return to the city. HEEELLLLO ... the part that everyone wants to see! Then again, this is just my opinion. You can not lose money.
