Where can I get it? I had heard that this movie was coming out and very crazy. I'm a great fan of Carlito Way, and I thought I'd be like those of the other Hollywood movies that I came up with. I thought it would be bad. I'm wrong, the movie was much worse than I expected. Not all of the fans are saying bad, but Hollywood is a problem these days, they make too many sequel and remakes and they hurry. This was not a theater release, it's a DVD release. However, in my opinion, there is no reason to do that. After reporting this movie, later I heard that Pacino was not there. That instantly killed any chance that this movie could have. Why did I see this movie because you can ask some of them? Well I could see it, I did it. I do not see just movies with great expectations; On this, of course, there were low expectations. I want to see nothing else in that regard. Now if you read this, you're a fan of Carlito Way, you know the first story that has to go to jail. <br /> <br /> * SPOILER Very small * I do not spoil anything, if you do not want to become really 2 hours away, see this landfill. I do not see Carlito the Way at the end of the 2nd, that Carlito will go to prison. Now, I do not know anyone, but I would think of how Carlitos Way's story would end up in jail. I also had an interest in seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, it's not the only problem with my movie. The actor Carlito did not work badly, but he could not try to keep this film. There are no small things that Carlito Way lovers like. First of all you do not have to look like Kleinfeld or other important characters, I would like to see something like that. Even worse, Luis Guzman is the film, but does not play the same character that plays in the first film. On the other hand, the big mistake why the same actor cast us with another character, the movie was already worse. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, I'm a fan of Carlito Way, this new live DVD version. It's shame. If you are a fan, do not watch the movie come with great hope. This movie is basically not for me, and I will not take a definitive single movie on the DVD, or watch it again.
