Maybe it was a title or trailer (definitely a conversation on DVD, with the director saying "Hi, for kids"), but I had hopes for the Virgin Entrences. A good Japanese sex scene and a brutal bloody bloody game to play. It turns out for its sake, bad or whatever bad way. There is a problem - and this can also be seen in the similar sexualization of the Italian Holocaust, which is similar to that - it does not have a balance between sex and violence. It will become too much pornographic and pornographic prototype, and there is not much production quality compared to most pornographic film professionals. And with a scene of murders, it must be at least a tiny one, and perhaps a mere intelligence, to create / kill a creature / whatever. Does not have the Virgin Mary It is disbelief that the film is a politically-alive but worst case ever, even if the fetish girls in Japanese horns are in trouble and have other girls with men with their own heads. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In this case, we give a photo group when boys take some shots of girls, they are not too much, then they remain like a dense cloud. The house is one night and "The Killer" one by one, as a reward. First of all, the director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that the initial sex scene must be randomized. One or more photographers of a video has (or we call) somewhere else for girls. It looks like another movie. After entering home, there is a choreography and non-shot wrestling scene (yes, we have to watch it all), then rape and murder. First of all, the rape that girls promise some jobs that they do. Then the murderer, like D'Amator's creature, covers the mud and gives it a stupid face and, for unknown reasons, killing men and / or female rapes kill them one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, from the latter, the importance of the film must be taken into account. However, it is said, however, that the cuckoo is the best part of a tasty salad. An eye-boring scene, like an olympic event, threw a spike (this scene is very pleasing) and, finally, the clumsy girl of sexual immorality, whose name I can not remember. Even this * becomes * disappointed because the title is not correct! In addition, all the sex scenes that are bored by "Gay" and all Japanese hypersensitivity senseless things, while the actors have doubled (you would think for them) seem to be enjoying enough, that's why they need to talk. But the feeling of the Virgin Mary is a general feeling, hanging there suspended and not hanging or real horror (the last girl watching her, the virgin of the image, will try to stop the murderer from reaching him, it will last for five minutes as he continues to throw his sticks!) Only Do you want to make it easier to leave it or stop it "I hate the women's mantra".
