I'll tell you first that I've given this movie 10 to 10 minutes. I delivered it directly to 1 but got two more points to make the body count. But that would be this. Cover me. I literally paid £ 1 on a DVD in a supermarket, I have a lot of faith in horror films, especially B movies. But thinking about the movie B was supposed to be some reason (in seconds I touched on it), it failed in magnitude. Apart from B and Miss, he landed around F. This film has many opportunities to be good and failed in all matters. I would say most likely that this film is aimed at B, and it seems that trying to achieve it with humor and a terrible fear. It can be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy movies (Dream Warriors in the future) look at Freddy's style and nose, they're very good! But this film has been totally bombed in this aspect, since the induction moods were absolutely stupid. I confess, even at the beginning of the movie, good humor. Actually, I liked about half an hour the movie, and they congratulated me on another good discovery. BUT I did not kill to kill this movie really. For example, when 'Satan' cat hits the board and writes 'boo' with the blood through his body brush. Or 'Satan' opens the door to an invalid woman with disabilities. Now I'm not usually dying of absurd films, that's it, right? In both cases, I found the shorts particularly offensive and useless. For me, then, the movie went down. An important point about this film is that I hate all the characters. Baby, Dougie was just a wonder! I do not like to explain how to write down the way to write down all the bodies and kill me! I mean, come !!! I fully understand that in the horror movie, a character must be stupid, as you need to cry out asking for help from getting out of the house like running, but this guy took the cookie! In the end, I wanted to kill myself! It was totally incredible, and if I had to listen, I said! Again, I should have knocked my head against the wall; That's because of this movie. Why do not I turn the movie off? Above all, I honestly think that an end may sometimes be a movie. But in this case I was wrong. At the end I did not recover this movie, and even more angry at me in hell and in the plot was inadequate. I already get it! The murderer will always be dressed as someone else, it will be stupid at home, and he will die again because nobody suspects that costume! I HAVE LEARNED! I was angry at this movie so stupid! And if you see this movie because of some mistake, be careful with the intestines. To be honest, the guy really has such an outlet, I was surprised there was not a dead man, much less until someone escaped and joined a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I will go further, I say, that the only person who liked this movie really was a murderer. Only worked on his 'routine comedy'. In short, the line of this film dragged everything that could be good. Why did the killer die? I do not know. I think I live without knowing who I was, it's quite typical, but without any reason ... I do not know, I decided to be a hell dog. -It looks more than stupid, stupid. Fool fool fool fool stupid In fact, I hated this film so I was registered with so many IMDb and comments on it. Save your money, keep your eye on it. Leave away!
