"Anthology" is a horror film. Robert Bloch (wrote with Weird Tales and H.P. Lovecraft was a personal friend, but is known for the original story of "Psycho"), taken from Robert Bloch's (4) stories. The quality of the stories is very different and I think that the movies are horrible or horrible. It would be better to act as a comedy as a "comic of terrorism". The last of the four stories was made in a fun and probably best way (with Ingrid Pitt). I have seen some of Amicus's anthology films, and it was really worthwhile for me to be Freddie Franciss's "Tales from the Crypt". The style of anthology works well for producers because it can hire a range of "prestigious" actors, only one week of shooting, or so bring a new name. So you're basically paying six weeks a week for movies, but you'll get 5 or 6 different names in the tent. But it is very unfortunate for the public, because the audience wants to see scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt. Instead, these jewelry are stuck. So take a short while for a while. <br /> <br /> The first story with Denholm Elliot, a wonderful work that contributes to his dignity as a writer who is horrified by his nature. . Unfortunately, the actress who plays Dominic, Tom Adams, a horror fictional, seems absurd, with no horror at all. If you want to laugh at some fun things, Dominic Elliot's psychiatrist is like a scene that kills. The scene behind the murderer behind the victim is a patent, but nobody sees it; So the whole audience must shout "watch out!". The second story with Peter Cushing. I love God so much. So bad, its a lot of movies, like this, pretty smell. It is a supposed story to abandon lost love, and he sees his image in a photographic museum. It's a story that's not planned any problem. <br /> <br /> Then, you have a muffin with Christopher Lee, where he is the father of a little boy being a witch. Once again, this fun was played by laughter. Instead, we assume that being terrified will let Leek be overwhelmed and embarrassed. Actor Chloe Franks was pretty good at the role of "Seed bad", though. <br /> <br /> The last story is fun ... Ingrid Pitt is the actress and Jon Pertwee is an actor. unexpectedly transforms a vampire into a real vampire. That's all the story. I was impressed by Ingrid Pitt's bad English, I think he should double in other films I've watched. <br /> <br /> It's not a memorable movie or I would recommend. For all, but horror integrity.
