The movie story is curious and curious. They travel two women in the Middle East and they know each other. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about Middle East and Central Asia, this is absolutely horrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film did not study or were unbelievably lazy to shoot. First and foremost, the most erroneous errors, as they were known in the 1930s, and indeed a powerful change with Aghnaistan Abdul-Rahman Shah from the 1880s, Nurians were not nomads. In fact, there were no nomads in central Asian invasions three months before. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city that filmed like Teheran is not in Tehran, which is understandable, nevertheless, in the geography of the area. The city of Tehran, surrounded by a broad mountain, can not be around the city, surrounded by the city's views. <br /> <br /> The third, Persian, although this is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the movie. Speakers of non-German speaking Arabic. The border "Persia" guards say "Ma hadha rujal" (this is not a man) and not as a "in sickness nist" persian. Indian singing between the princess and the main character is, of course, Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the leading figures says that he uses the words' Koran 'Ferdos' and' Jehaan 'and talks about key words about drugs. These words are definitely never appearing in the Quran, because the Persian paradise (indeed, Ferdos and paradises are very far between our languages) and "worlds" respectively, although Jehaan is close to Jehennan (Arabic hell) . When they find nomads in the desert, languages ​​are also Arabic, that is, there are no speakers born in Iran and Afghanistan, and especially in religious use, at the time of education. > <br /> When people stay in Iran before arriving in Afghanistan, people who meet will be completely unlike Iran. Their carpels are usually Bedouins, rugs that adorn the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it is very rare for people to wear turban in the absence of clergy. Ahlan wa sahlan's first greetings began clearly in Arabic. When they arrive at Kabul it is a desert that finds sand, just like the dirt that is found in the dry parts of Mount Hindu Kush. There is no green scrub that covers the soil in the summer and spring. His name is not fully consumed in the extreme mountains of The Indian Killers, because his land is limited and difficult. <br /> <br /> In short, the only thing in the line is that this water film is still weak and common. He is drawn to this all, only when two women try to learn Nuristan, but he is still born and does not feel real development, at last he leaves the characters. They were at first and nothing has changed since the second world war broke out. In conclusion, a star is very terribly bad, except for those on a single star and except in the wilderness of the Levant.
