The basic premise of "Miami Golem" undoubtedly deserves a place at the top, for example, with no more than forty cinematographic plots that have been scripted! I know the top 50 does not seem very impressive, but I've seen a lot of strange curious films. I prepared something confusing, because the film was written by Alberto De Martino and one of the greatest and most creative Italian filmmakers. De Martino steals many ideas from the most successful hits, as the Italian directors did as they did at the time, but it always adds many things even more complex, confusing, and overwhelming. All Martin movies are not worthwhile, but some of them are highly valued, such as "Tony Saitta for Magnum Special", "Holocaust 2000" and "Murder Formula". The concept of "Miami Golem" has elements for Sci-Fi and adventure movies ("Alien", "Starman", "Closing-out of the third type", "ET"), but I would not specifically call a source. The only thing that robs the most shaky of other movies is the sound synthesizer of the "Beverly Hills Cop", similar to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. The rest of the film is fantasy, fantasy, Sci-Fi, action, horror and superhero movies. Without a doubt, it is not always meaningful (most of the time is not really), but "Miami Golem" is definitely a fascinated and versatile movie that keeps my partner fascinated and started from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> The summary of the soil is briefly shortened, but I will try. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford is denouncing the story of a German scientist, who allegedly discovered an external DNA debut within a crash meteorite and cloned it. When DNA cells were destroyed by another foreign race in the past, it would undoubtedly destroy the whole humanity, even if it was large enough. That's not a problem, Anderson, the wealthy rich man, ordered that he be manipulated and used to steal a fetus that is already growing in the fetus, and may use it to undergo the world. With the help of some good-natured foreigners, Craig Milford is hard to protect from the planet due to the malady of the fetus. Well, I know that everything is meaningful and grotesque, but I certify that "Miami Golem" is a lightweight and easily digestible movie. In the first part of the film it may be excessive and confusing, because Alberto De Martin tries to keep the plot secret because of the red herb. The ghostly spectators are immense appearances, no real reason for the mysterious mysterious brave person, and speculation about the continent that has lost the Atlantis at certain points. All this is misleading if the padding material, but the configuration is less and less clear, "Miami Golem" will become a private movie of 80's crises with bloody massacres, Chase sequences (Florida Everglades!) Explosions, unleashed sleaze and evil evil monsters in pots . <br /> <br /> Now, I do not want to give any opinion to the "Miami Golem" of the unforgettable Italian exploitation cinema. Do not make mistakes, this is a bad movie! The events make them sustainable if you accept the plot's stupidity and inconsistency, and if you do not achieve that, it's just a halt to negative aspects. Theater shows are awful. Especially the B-veteran of John Ireland, James Bond is a great archetype character, he is not interested in the script. You can tell it from his movements and, in line with the lines, he believes that all production is delayed and it is also registered in the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the smallest female sluggish woman, and someone who drew a surprisingly chaotic VHS cover should have felt the same way, because the wonderful little girl is not anywhere in the movie. What a shame must be for Mrs. Trotter. However, he compensates for his free-of-charge sequences, because his neck is hot. And, finally, David Warbeck's unforgettable scene with a gun pistol is a helicopter! I do not think John Rambo can do this too, but he is Vietnam's veteran, and Warbec's character is a simple TV reporter.
