Final Score ... who care care - is a reality show. There is no love for audiences, it works with TV showers, it does not do anything and does not do anything. "Joe Millionaire," the clearest reality show of all of them is the TV disaster. epic proportions It's a sandstorm, the time at the bottom of the rock, not just for Fox, but people who see it, the next day, about this puppy. You should be ashamed of yourself. Fox does not make much money as the public promotes this junk (except for the people who watched it) and the boy was finally ending in the Super Bowl! Do not you hurt people, there's a lot of quality shows written, directed, dramatized and, in general, they will make you effortlessly until you're dropping out and do not make much effort to this cool show? <br />> Fox was a supporter. We like them and we've been looking for Fox quality television, married married ... With kids and children. The best one is quite adequate, and now it's not possible to get six current management of any of these shows. Gail Berman often calls it "the reign of terror". The network has made warriors with television and is surprisingly enthusiast. The people that were built in the beginning. Now we have to fight for the best of shows, but we must fight against their networks. The mind is mad Nothing Fox has made no sense in the past 3 years. After canceling successes such as "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew Boomtown, but Fox can not take it unbelievable for this season to give it another shot this season). The reason they can do all this: a successful garbage like "Joe Millionaire". Now we can say "we do not need fans of television, we have reality shows." It seems that they do not seem to be a huge audience of the draw of that litter, and the latter leaves the latter when it comes to the next fashion. To move away from that base, he will eventually kill the network as ABC retires. <br /> <br /> The same show is joke. Here we have a premise, which in the current classic Fox gimmick promises something different and edgy, but then something different than "The Bachelor". 3. It's secondary Fox. At the end and "rotation" (quote / unquote) showed that they had no idea in the sleeve. We now know that all of these shows have different looks, at the end of the same room, when the fairy tale is over. Lame, a large number of aspiring actors, has been shooting millions of networks to adapt their demographic parade around, because high school buzzers like Evan Marriott pretend ... well it was a competition and that's what ... you need to do . Marriott is a man with bright, glowing sentences that wants to gather the simplest phrase. But how can women (by the way taken to the eye) be guilty of misunderstanding as if it were a bad thing to fall "not"? Look, you're not a fool. </ B> <br /> I really thought that seeing or seeing reality was just that people were lazy to change the channels, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they should be inadequate. Come, people, more than you. Ask a little more for your recreation, HERE. <br /> <br /> <br /> About throwing FOX.
