"Serum" begins with the credits that the "Re-animator" remembers, and many of them owe it. The story is very similar; A crazy doctor develops a serum that relieves pain, illness and death, but does not believe in clinical trials, and thus creates a zombie that eats the brain of his nephew. Zonbi also seems one of the "Re-animator" and some makeup effects on "Serum" are not bad either. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and disconcerting in a few places, which feels the first TV movie for most of the first 3/4. For some reason, the director tells us the time of day for a few minutes every minute by flashing the big white letter on the screen. I can not see why it was important, except for trying to give the audience time to spend; Sometimes this would not be otherwise in the plot. <br /> <br /> There are a few moments here. For example, the victim is bludgeoned with a sledge hammer, but when victim victim is near the head, there is no sign of this trauma. In another scene, a character illuminates the entire corridor of the hospital (we can see the light circles on the floor) with a flashlight on his hand, looking for a whole world that is in the dark ... But for a moment, a second character goes down the same illuminated illuminated corridor. Only a couple of examples are; Throughout the film, editorials or editorial sloppiness seem pretty frequent in the film. <br /> <br /> The independent horror game of "Suero" is better than time-consuming. With regard to technical elements? Sound and photography, for example? The DVD looks like a much softer look. On the other hand, there are still a lot of wooden performances (especially the main characters, crazy scientists!) And everything that has nothing to do with non-believing, and everything related to writing and continuity. Perhaps people who carry out this movie will get more experience, though. In recent times, one of the most iconic low-budget independent horror films is that filmmakers often intend to replicate the most popular films with big budgets and hardly ever work. In the case of "Serum", however, it is not.
