Green Street, like the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantasy ideas and premisses, anyone who lives in England in the football match or knows that football will do the right thing first. <br /> <br /> My first main challenge is poor. casting of two main characters. I'm not mistaken, I like Elijah Wood and have a great respect for his work, but despite his greatest efforts, his role has been abandoned. The main motivation of his character is the anger of the system and the anger of betrayal. However, it is a long and joyful film, but the appearance of the film is revealed in a short, final stage. This, linked to its appearance and body, gives a group of football hooligans a fairly conventional increase. At the time of the film there was no conviction that a) could fight against the thugs themselves and b) the "strong" thugs would admit such a person. <br /> <br /> The other character plays Charlie Hunnam. He looks like Charlie and is quite compelling as a thug. Unfortunately, Newcastle Upon Tyne, born in north England, shows the worst Eastern accent London, because Dick Van Dyke has tried to go to Marry Poppins's cock-in-y. Such details are certainly not about American audiences who are less likely to be affected by the regional dialect of the United Kingdom, but being in the UK I had a problem and I could not stop the movie because it ruined me. The cast of support provided conventional performances and was well cast, especially Bover's role. The boy playing the character Charlie played a lot. With such a movie, you have to believe that your viewers are credible, unfortunately, the question failed. Imagine making a movie, like Godfather, and Will and Grace's Sean Hayes (Jack) was part of Michael Corleone's participation. You would not be persuaded. Hooligan's story is also impossible. I'm not Soccer Hooligan, but I'm a football fan. I know how footballers can be a regular 'cliquey' team, so it's impossible for fans of football not to be a fan of the club, it does not belong to the corresponding field, nor does English nationality mean that a "company" brings serious cases to a secret state . The last and greatest problem in this movie is how it represents the football hooligan. I put on the idea of ​​films, although they are very violent individuals, their internal ethics code is pardoned as they live in their world and they admire each other's loyal and loyal ones. It's a garbage Football hooligans are full scum. They take football, they use the national sports of England and people as an excuse to be afraid and appalling. They represent only a small percentage of football enthusiasts, but the game and the people of this country have a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. "GSE" in this movie really is his club, if West Ham really loves it, why would he dedicate his life to having a stain on his behalf. Hooligans are shy about football and the English society. Football hooligan Hitler makes his reputation for football to Germany. Although this film is intended to show the "rough side" of football violence. It just promotes activity for extreme sports fans as an excuse. It does not show coins / lightning rods / glasses with the soccer game that shows innocent authorities. He does not show the innocent owners of graffiti and broken windows. It does not reveal the true enthusiasts of football clubs that suffer indignity and embarrassment, because it is forbidden for the supporters of the teams or to travel to European games, all of which are corrupted by all wrongs. If you want to watch a good football movie, watch The BBC's drama.
