The first feature of the matrix was the development of simple characters, scenes of action that kept their conversation flowing and the flow of the story. These elements, along with the incredible special day effects, presented a magical walk that hung all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its tracking, Revolutions). The problem is not that there are some special effects or sequels of war that some of them here argue. The brothers have taken the well-developed characters from the first film and the rotting of rotten trees failed. ?? The connection between the first movie viewers and the screen characters was first lost when you realize that they are not the same characters in the first matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The charismatic and philosophical character developed as Morpheus is much deeper than anyone else in the film, but here, in Reloaded, we present a different Morpheus, which, first of all, is empty, we saw the first person anti-counterfeit counterattack film This character does not feel the same, and it can also be said about the film's helpers. <br /> <br /> Removing "Tank" has also been a disappointment. In the first film of Tank he was at least implicated, but he played very well. In Reloaded, we realize that it happens after the first film, and it will replace Jar Jar Binks double-stroke, which could not be saved directly (see Kellogg's Corn Flakes box outdated). All of his performances made me breathe a bit, and most of his interviews did not have time. There was an overwhelming sense, as well as trying to convey his emotions on the screen, and in the script himself. In both cases, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt the actor for the actress ... <br /> <br /> Although Neo's goddess nature was suspicious of most of the fighting sequences. There was an overwhelming conflict with the 200 agent Smith clones. For a man who is so impressed by neon, he must ask himself, however, that he would enter into a frivolous wildfire so long as they get more confident (especially when he thinks he has the ability to fly or lean to Matrix). Without a doubt, Neo clones can send them much faster and more efficiently. Once again, such actions lead to a script that causes coherence and protects scenes from filling as gipped. During the break, the expectations of the characters created in the first film are immediately excluded. Unfortunately, for those who expect more than one of them, you will surely feel seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if Reloaded takes your standard, as a treadmill action movie, and forget about the incredible story and the unconscious nature of the already established development of the first films, you should feel pretty happy about walking.
