Robin Cook's novel "Coma" was a great success in 1978. Two years later he was the turn of Robin Cook's bestselling deal for another big screen, but almost everything in the "Sphinx" case. It might go wrong. This is an awesome adventure movie, wood performances, stupid conversations, unconvincing characters, and marking. The only reason to escape from grades 1 to 10 is that Egypt's background is more fascinating than that. Franklin J. Schaffner ("Patton" and "Planet of The Apes") is the director of the backdrop of this debacle. In Cairo, Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud) finds himself in an old distributor shop. Hamdi Erica's friend and his enthusiasm and knowledge is astonished, and thus reveals a beautiful and very strange statue of Pharoah Seti I who secretly maintains it in his store. The same existence of the State itself is a source of enthusiasm for Erik, for he was given the key to finding the tomb he lost in Seti, In 1926 Tutankamon's discovery was as good as the discovery of his grave, who was killed in his store, who was silently feared by Erica, who had found himself endlessly endearing. He tries to find treasures of Erica, he has been helped and prevented by other parties, It's not really reliable. For one, Yvon (Maurice Ronet), a man who seems to be a friend but perhaps a man with extreme causes? After that, Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), Egypt, feels a certain attraction, but may also conceal dangerous secrets. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems of "Sphinx", in general, are the result of the total aside from credibility. Can not a true verifier be down? she thinks she was pretty educative and useful, but she spends her whole movie like a helpless babe, from a teen slasher movie. In those ordinary days, it's not really a matter of being in the hands of a wicked man, he makes other strange things, for example, the flash of Polaroid flashes in the 4,000-year-old tomb! Soil lines are heavy, at least, especially when double revelations and cruises can be predicted. The movie can not be enjoyed at foolish and entertaining levels, because the intermediate is very slow. What little action can be found separated by long tedium spots. A famous review of the film said: "Sphinx smell!" Never 2-minute movie is summed up in 2 words.
