I agree with most of the comments that I write. I was watching Seseme Street, before many people who wrote comments were also born. I was born in 1964 so I have been in Seseme Street for 5 years. The show taught me my numbers (Legend), spelling (Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover, and Cookie Monster) and I did not know why they had to change. I understand that everything needs to be changed, but to turn Cookies Monster into a "dreadful nutrition" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monster from the beginning, why do not let cookies that eat a wide variety of Cookie Monster separate the "veggie monster". But, in my opinion. I started seeing Seseme Street at the beginning when I grew up, now I grew up with my 20 year old daughter, with the help of the SS, and Mr. We killed Hooper, he died before we were born and we also discussed others. spectacle issues I saw the episode as an older child, and I still remember how they portrayed the event, as in real life. And I am sure that death has been very hard as death and loss as all families. You saw this show and parents and children had the opportunity to discuss difficult events. The show mentions traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It's really one of the shows that explores these scenarios. Now I have a 5-year-old daughter, really does not see SS. I've tried to see the show several times, but it has not really been. Mr. With Noodle Elmo 1/2 hour is absolutely ridiculous. Like many people, it does not teach anything. It is aimed at less than 18 months (maybe), and it's not fun too. I have always been proud of children, young people and adults with my child. Now in my second return, it's really hard to watch SS. The issues discussed here are: death, marriage, non-traditional family, new neighborhoods, detachment to understand and relate simple 2 to 99 years of age between children and adults. Now there are no concepts taught, the minimum count, the only casual mention of the alphabet. NO is the SS itself, from the original observers of the show. Please, if producers of the show read these comments, return the show to their foundation. New concepts have never had a problem with SS, they were the best way to enter the show.
