If you want to watch a movie that mixes Latin with a Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, in its most violent times, has no command or soldiers to show. like this movie. He showed a country like El Salvador in the Civil War. As a Peruvian resident of Liman (the capital of Peru), it was very funny to see the police officers here, anywhere and there. 2. If you have a Peruvian car and have a taxi driver (or if you need it), you just have to post a self-sticker "Taxi" in front of your car and freely drive on the Peruvian streets (not). They are taxi companies, but the rates are quite expensive.) It is necessary to have a square band of yellow or black / white on your door of the car. Well, the taxis of this film have a group, you will never see it in Peru. 3. Peruvian people are not stylized Caribbean clothing. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, "Guayabera" (Cuban T-shirt), a white hat, and a 40-piece mustache, like Clark Gable. Peruvian men are not like that. Peruvian is not Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman with a fairly long skirt, like typical Latin-American folklore dresses. Walk anywhere in Peru, and you never wear a woman like that, if you do not see a typical dance. 5. The performance may be better: I can not deny Héctor Elizondo is an excellent actor, but not a Latin actor (his Basque father and mother of Puerto Rico but born in New York) and Spanish. it is not mastered. Spanish is not known as the first language. Some Latin actors are well-known as Sebastián Cardinals. Petrus Antonius (Rodríguez General) was a bad option for the "Latin Police". It was very funny in the office of General Elizondo and Petronius Rodríguez. They looked like two Spanish class students in English or American. Successfully, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in Spanish. An official "Peruvian", announced by cardinal Sebastián, also spoke quite funny in Spain. There are good actors from Peru, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (among many Peruvian actors) who can do it with great excitement. 6. I admit that a fictional movie authorizes licenses in cities or even countries. But please create a name, be careful using a foreign language: the town represented in this film must be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male and Viciente is never used. 7. I do not agree with a user saying that the movie was filmed in Perun locations. The only place is not in Peru, although production "Inca Kola", use too many posters that show Peruvian soda. Like a few American films, this should be used in any Latin country. After all, as far as American producers or directors are concerned, Latin places are the same as any other Latin American one. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perur, he assumes that he arrives to a single Peruvian International Airport: Jorge Chávez Airport (Lima, capital). Actually, believe it, it must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, of course, there are no police or police in Peruvian airports. 9. Go to a room in a Peruvian hotel, it has a fan and, of course, it has no air conditioning. Please, this is not a hotel in Peru (and in other Latin American countries) will not happen if you do not get a star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting against the government ... Colombia! Certainly their accent was in Colombia. For work, producers should hire Peruvian actors. In short, shooting would be cheaper in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could continue with more examples of this film, "1" (a terrifying) vote, but I started to play Lota for about 20 minutes. But beloved producers: It's not a tragedy: there are worse films with little errors. Remember the kingdom of "Indiana Jones and Crystal Skull" and the unforgettable "The Emperor's Groove" of Disney. The bad movie may be endless ...
