The film gives a condensed version of this book, doing some research, and as far as I am investigating, it's a fictional work. Actually, there is no ancient parchment and the author is hard-working, I am sure that Peru would not even find any perception of ancient Aramaic found. The "valuable" texts written as anonymous by the church and local governments were destroyed by the evil "true haters". This is a strange thing, because every year they get rid of all the traces of the New Age - hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to intend to destroy the movement it is likely to see. like me, a crisp doodle. I'm not a fan of the church, but I'm not at all authentic about ancient texts about their faith. <br /> <br /> Understandably, they have seen that it is a model of religious and fraudulent artists who, unfortunately, missed the "evil men" or the ancient translations that destroyed the case of Joseph Smith, returned to heaven. That is why it is not possible to find genuine texts in museums such as Smithsonian, or translations by experts from ancient languages ​​such as Copywriters or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire the intelligent people I admire, and I admire a lot of millions of people, but I can not do it myself, as I do not want people to fool New Agey for more hokum. <Br /> <br /> Sometimes a real old text is hidden and has been lost for many years. The Gospel of Judas, found in the Gnostic text, and after carbon dating, and with diligent text, experts seemed authentic. The Gospel of Judas was mentioned as Heretic during the 300 years. The church documents in that era did not refer to the version of heavenly deity, not inheritance or something else. <br /> <br /> We are developing something - much is true ... - but the optimism of the Celestine Prophecy is composed of fictions and lies, and a false foundation based on the philosophy that the castle built on sand will fall. Blade Runner's world is hard, ugly, overwhelmed and cruel, it's probably more than just horizons, love and peace than any hippie comic utopian. People really hated me and they said what they wanted to hear, even if they could make a mere piffle and millions. Celestine's Prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Bad castle built on sand. Do not get bad I want God, Celestine was a reality, but not alone. It has not been understood in any way by philosophical thinking in the views of ideas, with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that has coincided with the biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwinian's Evolution was known. This means that the ideas of "Celestine Prophecies" can not be older than C.E. in the 1800s, and they do not return to the beginning of the B.C.E or near Jesus Nazarene. New Agers's claim is no strange. Wiccans declare magic and witchcraft - "old religion" has returned to the era of stone, since Gerald Gardner has never had any book shadows ever since he lived in 1900 and was a friend of Aleister. Crowley. <br /> <br /> The ancient genders say lies and their ideas are based on ancient teachings, in the face of the absurdities prevailing by the genders today. Why do they do it, such as scams? Simple: millions of dollars must be made and the modern Guru takes control of his followers. They compete passionately and fight for competition, despite the claims of love of all things. Each New Age group opposes each other. It's a fight for your thoughts and wallpapers. <br /> <br /> But learn a thing like this, which is really similar, learn your own instincts and look for guidance from the inside. I totally agree with that.
