Disney now has live video shows with a good selection of many animated features. Two of them were made for the classic 1991, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not sequelants, both of which feature the first movie. The first of two live-video movies was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which is why they did not like fans of theater fans. However, I believe that this can usually be expected to have been concluded. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely smaller. <br /> <br /> The movie offers three stories, while all are in the Belle Castle, and the place is under the spell. Creature The first is "The Perfect Word". In it, the table between Belle and Beast misunderstood by creating problems and does not want to be the first to be forgiven. The next story is "Fifi's Folly". There Fifi and Lumiere have reached the fifth anniversary, and Lumiere is not prepared, and so Belle helps her. However, Fifi thinks she loves Belle with romance with Lumiere and she thinks she really loves it. The film ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, he looks after a beautiful bird with his broken wing, but a castle bird will probably cause trouble if he appears to be a Beast, because he hates birds! <br /> <br /> I gave a description of the plot of the original version of VHS's third-party film "Beauty and the Beast" by Disney. Apparently, in the DVD version there is another story called "Mrs. Potts's Party", but I only saw the original version. However, definitely, since I would like to point out a story as a classic in all others, I do not see a special edition. However, in the "Belle's World Magical" I would first say that animation is very dimensional that Disney was accustomed to Disney, that is, many people would fail. I did not like "beauty and beast: Enchanted Christmas" I liked a lot, but you can not say the same thing. I'm sure that "Stories of the Belle's Magical World" can have many children (mostly younger ones), and each story has a moral, so they will also give them some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the movie is not really a lot. I personally did not find any mood, and I found that the constant conflicts between Belle and Beast were tired, and the stories did not in any way penetrate me (they were not well written). "Through The Perfect Word," says Belle, "you're rude ... and stupid!" It's a bit cheesy, and I think there are other sweet moments in those stories. <br /> <br /> When the first video clip came out for the first time, I was about eleven or twelve years old. . I do not know what I would think at the time, since I lost interest in Disney, and I would earn some of those interests a few years before. When I published this movie for the first time, I thought I had passed the targeted age group. I never had seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" a couple of months ago, but unlike that movie, I never heard of it until recently, after seeing the first episode of Disney's 1991 hit. Well, as much as I like the origin of the theater, I would not have much to say if I did not know the existence of this movie. For young children, I am sure that "Belle's Magical World" can be very fun and probably a bit of education with its morale, but I do not recommend it to adults of Disney.
