That's it! Average under 9, but maybe under 12 for others! When I first watched these videos for 11 years, and in those young people, I did not notice the bad quality of cartoons, or we were so passionate that we all love the classic characters that we love. Anyway, 2D is here! It is beautiful, I agree, not even beautiful, but the dyed ordinary woman in the skin wears the same glittering blue dress when she does not have a glamorous dress. At least costume is to say annoying. They can cut their ears if they need their daily listening! Lullaby, both in the original and in the Christmas edition, was gentle and elegant, but here was a woman that was unhappy and unpleasant! Cogsworth, a well-known housewife, is a perfect character who knows what she's saying. It seems he always finds it is very difficult to find that its holes in this difficult difficulty, that is to say, the face of the watch that was used to return to the two unforgettable movies that came in series! Poor, Mrs. Potts, sister, was not one of Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classics), but Anne Rogers did not catch the character of Mrs Potts, he did not do any harm! He did not do his best! When the beast is reddening, it is so incredibly false, it is clear that there is no microphone in a microphone, scratching or shouting. I know that it's just a third feature that continues with the other two movies, so it would not be good, but I'm sure that more contributions would not have been detrimental to Disney artists and, indeed, they have made them remarkable. animated styles over the years. Okay, I suppose, and sometimes I see it, even if it's right for me. It is very difficult to make a recommendation when reading this according to age, but you might expect it to be remembered by previous movie stars. And in my video the back cover was said to be the word "brilliant animation"! It's a pretty little color, but a bad thing is too weak, and on the other, these 3 words should be re-released in the original!
