SPOILER NOTE: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read the movie beyond the first paragraph if you want to watch it. <br /> <br /> It has a policy of displaying Disney Channel movies and a month in the cable channel. Most of them are crazy and extravagant, with some good elements, but it's still disappointing ("Megaplex Phantom," 'Planet Weird From Weird,' 'Zenon: Girl of the XXI Century'). Every once in a while, something really, really great (`Genius, '' Other '). But repeatedly, The Disney Channel makes a mistake and it gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000), Disney Channel was called "The Ultimate Christmas Present," and I thought it was a bad writing and acting. It seems that "The Brainiacs.com" was just a few days before Christmas to jump on vacation, because the plot is related to toys. They also paid for a TV series guide, so I thought it was better than normal. I was in full haste. Disney's "Model behavior" was worse than just. <br /> <br /> The land came farther than normal. I usually leave this slide, but here it's too far away. Matthew Tyler gets sick when night-time widows work most of their time. His father has a small toy factory that sells large loans in a sharp bank to continue floating. Once again, he has to abandon his father's plans with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way to spend his father is to become a boss and stay in home. It gets an idea cleared of hair so that children around the world can find and send a dollar, to invest in a computer chip that guesses their sisters. The whole concept is full of false. When kids send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his company's bank account and buys most of his father's business. He is a secret mind, but he does not reveal his father, but instead presents himself on board meetings with the cartoon image of a cartoon computer. This image is very complex (and ridiculous), that someone can not create at home, and much less somebody who finds himself as stupid as Mateo. To make a short plot, Matthew promised to give his father a much more fun time and order their children, but a federal agent asks Matthew about the company, because they are fraudulent. <br /> <br /> It's not so bad here. As mentioned, things that are doing here are impossible for genuine geniuses. The website, the cartoon image, the computer chip, as well as the things that are being taught at the school are very advanced for these children. Most cast actors, especially Kevin Kilner, are horrible. Some of the familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the bad guy, but his part is a throwaway. Alexandra Paul has a good scene (reveals his ability), which explains his reasons, but nothing more. And Rich Little will be lost in a small role as a jury. It's offensive and not offensive against the Russian riot. But the biggest atrocities are hard-hammered issues. These topics are featured on Disney Channel's many films, but more than ever did not so much ultra-conservative messages stack up. The typical idea of ​​"Basic Parenting" is a tough one, and after delivering it on behalf of "Christmas Gift", it swallows my mood again. Family relationships are very important, but Disney has to stop endless preaching, because working is important to keep a family of practical. Except for canceling work, my father did not find it so bad, but I found it over when my grandmother told me: "I do not like what I see." The same is true if all parents have to hide their idea of ​​their husbands. Alexandra Paul enters, whose nature, while important in the plot, is the love of his father's interest only. This offensiveness proves that Disney is only brain-believing that brains are missing out on Disney script to prevent scraping at the bottom of the barrel. Do not miss this movie to teach your children about how to make serious frauds, wait for the next Disney Channel. It must be better than that. Scoring score: 10 to 10.
