It seems the authors of this film have had trouble deciding their message. As a result, they had even more trouble delivering. They began to describe the bad principles of quantum physics related to subatomic particles. After establishing a fuzzy image of the Heisenbergen Uncertainty Principle, they presented the word verbal, that all living people, which are the case of ridiculous logic, is an organization that follows the cosmic scalar rule itself. Then, Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins were discussing ideas about their careers: positive thinking, suspension of bad models, looking bright, and so on. Then he explained how our brain changed our bodies. Protein production: We create hormones, roughly. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so easy, right? In connection with our subjects, Amanda, we hate fictitious life and thighs of a photographer who depicts antidepressants. The filmmakers slowly but surely tried to say "Oi, Amanda, cheer up!" Why not be encouraged? Of course, the world is crime and poverty and religion, that's why it's the world. The result of the film (that is, basically the entire second semester) has led to many contradictions. We are all parts of the whole energy, where we are not creatures, but collective consciousness, but we are individuals that can change the world, but each one of us has many different dimensions, but we can choose and we want to make good, but there is no god, nothing better than us because it is not; so there is nothing wrong and correct, so there is no reward or punishment, it's not good. never came out of religion, but we should still do it, though it is not bad and good, because nobody decides what it is, because each one has a good life if we reflect on it. , and then the crime will end, and if we say good things, our waters will freeze beautiful forms. Still with me? It's good because it's good. According to Robert L. Park, in the book "Voodoo Science", John Hagelin's entire meditation experiment in Washington, DC was farce, numbers were healed and a murder rate higher in that year. . And your positive attitude, keeping young and healthy? He was a message from an elderly man who was his age and overweight. <br /> <br /> So, all this work or not? Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors in the movie (yes, three), I was lucky to watch the movie in the theater. I'm lucky, I do not know people because they know what they're talking about. Some spectators' questions were so afraid that her husband, a chiropractor, had to ask for a response and recite her. When the political debate was over, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, was a wonderful world, President Bush could see that movie.
