It was a cinema film, it was much more sensible and the end was freed by many. I only saw this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a comedy, and I'm still watching it, I love, as a little girl, I love any movie that changes men's nudity. Later, I asked him how much more hilarious he could get, and when he got it ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (look good to Chris L. McKenna, to whom I never saw before - but she is loved by her nude small scene, ends with a pintxo, electric Duke Wayne ("Cheers" by George Wendt ) When he discovers that he is getting more work with Duke, Sean decides to announce the contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, a stereotypical evil man). A Ray Hall accountant (Ron Livingston is currently investigating a kameo , Which is in love with "Office Space", "Sex & the City." Ray has finished apparently disappointed money to seize Sean $ 13 to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts his job as a senior accountant, attracting his wife (Kari Wuhrer) who is full and successful - Ray will take the information file with him. He learned that he was using it quickly, because he did not want to pay Ray anymore, and Sean uses the money to get his money to get his money. /> <br /> So far, it's a downward movie ... in general, it's worth seeing. Ray, as Duke and his crew seized Sean as soon as he seized information about this file, became pale and sharper (and still DUMBER ...), eventually seems to be the film's Charlie Higson writer. There was a hangover of 10-day writing and a 10-day hangover writing and it was realized that he had to know how to assemble a series of confusing mixes that had arisen for a long time or something. Determining the movie, let's say, after the kidnapping, the only scenes you see "S fetxek", "f ** K!" What you see is being bored by nonsense called nonsense. for salvation. In the end, there are so many stops in the movie, because you regret it you have also seen. <br /> <br /> This is a movie only after you have watched the movie you need to watch and you're enough to have beer and friends to make the movie's full value. It's a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to get the movie "Norm" from Cheers and performs dirty work, Baldwin's brother and really kidnapping. without any sense. Guys will love the scenes of violence, blood and trips, and totally unnecessary sex scenes and boob shots. Sean's beautiful baking film, Sean's beautiful movie, will almost certainly be the girls that are thrown into the movie. Personally, I hate only one actress worthy of looking over her appearance (Ron Livingston) in the first third of the movie.
