A group of hunters kills him, dies, he cut off, then sells Dr. Atwill's head (Tim Sullivan's directors and writers), who directs a private clinic specializing in cornea transplants. Researcher chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), who destroyed his eyes when an acid exploded on his face during a laboratory explosion, is a recipient for the eye of the wolf. We must first get to the moon, so we first get Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton) rich and rich in Rich. Sondra is so compassionate that she removes her outfits and is rich in bed, even before she can eliminate her band. After spending a month in the hospital, Rita (Deborah Huber) returns to Rich home, immediately tells him "Pretty looks" at his Kia speed before. Our heroine soon finds Rita not a mere bitch, but a skull adulter that makes her close friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson) a close relationship. In the end, the whole moon rises and Rich finds himself in a dark haired man, sucking man into a twisted creature. <br /> <br /> After ruining Craig's throat in the sand, the next morning, Rich wakes up, fading at the afternoon's reflections on the afternoon. Andros (Kurt Levi) collaborates with psychiatric / non-occurrence expert Nano friends and Siodmak (Jason Clark), local author and Justine Evers (Tarri Markel), have injured lesbian-police-detective pants. When Rich faces Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends Kass (Eric Mestressat) to his sad, sadistic slander, which runs his bodies in a clinic, then with a sack. With the help of Sondra, Riche escapes. She leads her to her place and, especially, she sank on a long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Is Rich going to be controlling his lycanthropy or healing before he claimed the victims? <br /> <br /> With a cheap camera shot, this home-made male film has a quite unique premise with an eye transplant angle, but still leaves the spotlight for the clue. The sets are sub-levels. The scene in the clinic seems to have shot in someone's home or apartment. The scene of the Otso transformation is not as good as photography made at the beginning of the 1940s. Instead they use incorrect editing. Throw hair to the actor. Cut Throw a few more. Cut Fur more ... and fill your mouth with the bin. Cut No follow-up required! It does not fade, it does not dissolve, nothing. It's pretty wrong. Once completely transformed, the costume (designed by Jeff Leroy and filmed and filmed) is quite awesome. It has a red plastic, face-to-face, almost full-flashed Christmas light bulb with Christmas lights. You can see several times camera cameras in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really continue for five consecutive nights in a row? Regarding Cast, they are amateurish, but sustainable. With regard to horror movies, there are worse ones. This is quite well done, it's 70 minutes long and it features a lot of red material that attacks scenes, as well as the T & A mentioned by Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> He made David S. Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was the first live digital video on the wave, began to dominate the scene of a low-budget / independent horror genre in the mid-90s. Brain Damage Films published the names of its many productions to avoid most of the plague. Jeff Leroy Fx (a list of IMDb directors, but not film credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (as a hunter in a small role) was much more fun and gentle. exploitation movies WEREWOLF IN WOMEN'S PRISON In 2006, a creature that looks like it was visible (glittering and red eye).
