The short film "The Great Train Robbery" by Edwin Porter in 1903 will appear on the screen for so much excitement and ingenuity. The first pioneering movie wants to throw it. As a trip to Melia's "A la Luna", critics have criticized the film that has introduced Western cinema into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. From planning, the train is a real robbery, the murder of unwanted civilians, and the end of the final scene mean that you are evil business? It was all time monument. From here to Eastwood, all Western filmmakers have used Porter's image to somehow create their own story. This movie can not be opened, but the story of the fight is the same. Porter defined the genre, but was it out of the initial excitement? There's really nothing to do. Perhaps, I am infected with modern western issues and their strange messages, but how can I get started with clichés? For me, the "Big Rail of the Burglary" seemed forced, impossible and amazing. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. The robbers change the trajectory of a train, steal it and then shoot at random people to prove that they are real criminals, and the final scene ends up just like any predestined movie, without a surprise or anger, and a man with your gun. proverbial face It's smooth Porter's movie is boring. I saw it in the edition, the emotion was remarkable, and the color that I saw was not encouraged by the film director or the viewer. The problem remains, it is important, however, that Porter's movie has been borrowed over and over, and has been diluted. The story itself is not the emotional power they use once. Unlike Melies's first movie, I can not see it again. I know what has happened, I know that there is not much left behind, and finally, what is it that wants to be? A simple story from the point A to point B to C. This number is not only the focus of my film, but also the most powerful feature of such an early film. While he was more intense, while this strong narrative was said to be? Our characters were the characters with guides and guides. While not fiction films seemed to be the mainstream, he broke the mold. Again, is not it a leap from the prophet about this movie? movie is important? It's not an excellent movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I wanted to go to this movie to see where the roots of Western genres worked, but I was also happy to leave this movie behind. . Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson, of course, was very successful in the field created, but I was not afraid of movies. I did not expect any budget-like effects such as Melia's work, or a copy of the "Moon trip", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. Porter thought it was safe for me, if I could say it with that first movie, but I could not feel the illusion when our criminals did their evil deeds. Everyone was not rooted, and the last conclusion proved that the cosmetics minutes have gone down since the beginning of the films. He was a pioneer, but not a monumental one. "Great Break Train" has lost space in the film's time capsule. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** away
