There is no serious documentary for this reason, and for this reason there are four reasons: <br /> 1) People who make this documentary (including director and producer) are Serbs or Serbian origin, so the neutrality criterion fails. For example, the diaspora said ("Ustase") a large part of Yugoslavia fell, but they did not mention the same Serb organizations (Cetniks)! For those who do not know the history of World War II: the British paratroopers were portrayed during the war during the war during the "Cetniks" documentary. Well, that's just half the truth. Also, a fascist group (Monarka) collaborated with the Germans, but when Hitler lost his war. It is also ironic that the Director of Cetnik, Mihajlovic, is not mentioned in the documentary, which killed hundreds of thousands of people and has burned hundreds of people throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But some of them were mentioned by Ante Pavelic ... Unfortunately ... Let me be a bit suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most interviewed people are completely unknown to me. And I've learned this war some time ago (who is a British lady! She did not really do homework!) And there are no names, so they could be more or less, maybe someone who came out of the street. Who knows <br /> <br /> 3) 3) In the documentary, they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived there, and therefore be a member of Serbia (despite being a minority). Well, when they say that Serbian in Croatia (Krajina) is dominant, the Serbs are portrayed, they have the right to live there for so long. Okay, but people do not know that the biggest city in Krakow (Knin) is a great historical importance for the Croatian people. There, one of the most renowned King of Croat History (Zvonimir) was crowned and, therefore, the city has a historical value for Croatian. Serbs came almost 800 years! But no, Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is the reason? Doubles of executive moral standards seem to me. In addition, the documentary states that the Croatian constitution had no legal laws on minority rights, which is one of the first laws set forth as a lie due to the fact that Croatia was a Serb minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions the radical leader of the Paramilitary Croatian called Glavas. Or Muslim radical Oric. They were accused of a great deal of negative development during the war. Yes, they were radical, but you want to talk about radicals, why not mention the paramilitary leaders of the Serb Republican, such as Seselj and Arkan? These are so many bugs, some of which I have presented to people to get an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary did not prepare well and feared criticizing Serb courage, they would step on their Serbs or something. There are not many good quality documentaries, but so far the best is "the Yugoslavia death", where all the major warring participants have been interviewed (for example, Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic). etc.) and you get an explanation about 5 hours of Yugoslavia and the fall of war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary, where the characters were frustrated that the United States had connections with Bin Laden (Bosnia) in times of war. Well, first of all, all the countries that participated in this conflict had nationalist presidents, and Bosnian Muslims were not forced to become something of an ethnic identity ("Muslim croats") than nationality. The spirit of the people, which was united to one thing that united them together: their religion. And Mujahedin received help, because no one helped him. They had to fight for the 4 biggest army in Europe! They needed all the help they needed. Nationalism is the best way to unite a nation during the war. History shows us that.
