It will not be denied that Azumi was a commercial movie; It was an adaptation of a popular manga and it cast lots of young and attractive actors and there was no doubt in the budget section. However, he was entertained, and I can not deny that I enjoyed it. The original "Azumi 2" is just as wonderful as everything he did. The first thing they need to put their bells on is the lack of Ryuhei Kitamura. Together with him, it seems to be his visual flair and, moreover, he has taken cinetics, but his original style, beauty and most important, his heart. Although the former has a simple "hitlist" plot, this one has a mess of a zippered story, and too many backslashes unite in the back that destroys so much sympathy or pathos. Gone is the most effective interaction between the main characters. Azumi and his cohorts are reduced to sharp teenagers who are discussing in a forest. Characterization does not exist; Seeing anyone who really looks and who is dying, I'm surprised. The same goes for the criminals here. The last battle - in fact, all battles - without any tension. Poor choreography and misrepresentation - with no need to mention it - is due to their mere flow. The criminals are trying hard to go out and combine them all, they will not come in Pete Burnsian's Jo Odagiri costume country. <br /> <br /> ## ## Spoiler Major at the end of the paragraph! ##### <br /> <br /> Aya Ueto tries her best and has also managed to keep her hair in good condition. Azumi is currently a murderer attacked, his sword can shake in slow motion; Unfortunately, this character is created with a mysterious person, nobody makes the Ueto model look more comfortable. I know that this is supposed to be a point, but combined with the pure efficiency of all the films, the plot's stupidity and general ineptity of the movie, it is impossible to stop behind its character more than once. . He said less about Chiaki "Remember me Kill Bill" Kuriyama's performance better; It is enough to say that turning "out of reach" is as subtle as napalm. In general, this was not disappointed. All merit made it ten times better in the first film. Quiet, relaxed, and generally boring ... mess.
