The day has finally come to an end to the ongoing attempt of the final series of the murderer of Azumien, the last surviving essay that led me to make his character and enter the world. As Azumi 2 is talking about: Azumi 2: When I denounced the credibility of Aya Ueto, a murderer on the death or love, that is, the supposed killer of Azumi observatory. I began to know more than ever before. <br /> <br /> The decision of each assassin is not only stop and boring, but many of the many items of experience are excluded. In Azumi 1 we found out that the killers used stealth tactics (that is, their number is a priority), as well as logic, to make quicker executions and faster abilities to make their brands work. But I do not exaggerate against this movie, because this story is a little bit more complicated, and there are other obstacles to avoiding Azumi's warlord and showing signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is totally protected against the biggest part of the film, and basically Go Go is playing a lower version, a minuscule weapon and a sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This will ultimately lead me to this blow, the action is simply cut in the title, epic "death" as a side. During the first half of the film, we will see spectacular releases against many expectations and even flashier weapons. No one is surprised at how they end up in one way or another, but it's a short movie, each one faster and easier to die. In Azumi 1, the youth of the murderers, above all, overcame the opposition, quickly, but inviting it, and the latest discovery between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the Azumi 2 fights, was at least top-level and worthy. There were some interesting effects, but they could not get any innovation due to the difficulty of each encounter. I do not care about the classic style of the samurai movie, its quick and realistic struggle, but the two characters in Azumi films were so imaginative, and straight from the anime, the rules could be broken and more enriching. br /> <br /> Azumi's romanticism must be filled between the scenes of the battle and, unfortunately, at the end he does not need any sort of purpose or even a lot of difference. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiasm for cinema and a wide variety of animations, I will not lie and I will recognize my neutrality and unimpressiveness in the face of the Azumi film, but I'm going through it and say that after watching Azumi 2, it was a perfect masterpiece to look like. Azumi 2: death or love could go straight to the video, its invisible and richer budget and the powerful power of enlargement or enlargement of the despair of the murderers to recover peace. The courage to die is trying to make you sad.
