I realize that he lived in the West Banks of Wyoming during the 1900's, and today he is probably still wild, but is he a monument enough to become a "television" movie? Likewise, women's rights were still growing in this nation at that time, so that in order to find an independent woman who had to start fresh in this hard land, would she still show realism of that era? would it be good to see? True, I do not know. Over the past two days, I have thought about this movie, and I still do not seem to say that it is a great force for a movie, but I can not really say the greatest. Amongst the different acting styles, with two different actors with no emotional characters, the latest film of the 70s never comes up to the most repulsive scenes of the PG, it is difficult to fully understand Heartland. Was it good? Was it bad You may look and decide for yourself, but I have enjoyed moments until then and desperate to give up! <br /> <br /> The movie remains a fight in my mind, because there are some very interesting scenes. The scenes I did not know what the director was doing or was in the direction, but somehow he worked well. The whole story was a very interesting and historical tale. I do not know much about Wyoming living, especially in the early 1900s, so this film captured this image in my mind. Very cold winter, thought by neighbors of thousands of neighbors and the Polaroid-esquire, touched by American corporations. It was refreshing to see a wonderful witness and experience (even television). There were some scenes in my mind, such as the scene of cattle, like the scene of the pig slaughter, and the old farmer who had no survivors, a true realm of realism that brought him to this story. The director Richard Pearce did a brilliant job of bringing vision of Wyoming to the audience, but I'm not sure how to help the player bring a vision. <br /> <br /> I will definitely compliment the landscape of this movie, I had trouble dealing with the actors that appeared to be on the set and read their lines from the sidewalks. Rip Torn seems Clyde Stewart finds a link to Conchata Ferrell's Elinore Randall, where he had no place. Both actors have no chemicals. The scenes that are shared together are not without any excitement and without sincerity. The scene of the pregnancy came into almost every corner, as these two "veterans" portrayed me. Brave cheerleader does what he needs to do to get his kids out, as Clyde does while he does. Is this love? Would you think it was a love? I do not know, I think we would see a stronger connection with more robust characters, but with Torn and Ferrell, they seemed just two actors. Other scenes that seemed to me to be in the fight were the "eaten" frozen horse, such as gently doorways like food or shelter, that the compassion for Clyde Elinore was continually blurring and increasing. The real lack of winter fighting and the whole scene of the earth. The scene of the Earth, above all, what Elinore was doing, I needed more explanation, why he was doing it, and why Clyde would build a house if they were married! If these simple events were to be explored, they should make a stronger film. <br /> <br /> In general, I will start this path with this feature. Certainly, there were elements that had to be deepened in detail, for example, the relationship between these two unknowns and the final homelands of Elinore, for example, with some of our beautiful national scenes. Over 100 years of panoramic scenes that are passing through wide mountains to great skyscrapers. Realism scenes were superb (although cow and pigs were the protagonists), but I felt the more I needed. The depth was an essential element that was missing in this film, which reduced the marginal activity and the story. Pearce could not deepen into this world, but left the gaps and Western characters the most common. Ferrel threw it on his own, but Torn was completely wrong. Desirable to see, but you did not meet me again. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** away
