Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth does not need to be restored. It's a good movie today. However, today's remake machine is now full swing; I really can not say I was surprised that the modern viewer's movie is updated. The plot continues to be the same as the original film, and at the core of it, we have a story about a young Milo Tindle, who is watching Andrew Wyke, an older man, because he has a strong relationship with the young man to discuss divorce. elderly wife From there, a mouse mouse and mouse is created. At the beginning, the director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a new touch to this film from the beginning, which has been transformed by a central location, from a charming original farmhouse. with security equipment layers. I'm glad the director decided to make this change, because nobody wants to see a copy of the original directly from a remake; Also, the location is well-used and always enjoyable. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end. <br /> <br /> The original film lasts for more than two hours, but it's just about fifty minutes away. Obviously, this version does not make any less of it; and, unfortunately, they are the characters they suffer. It also runs on the plot and we try to get into the first story as quickly as possible and try to understand how these events happen. The film does not build characters or relationships between them, in order to ensure that their relationship is sensible. One important thing that has changed about the older person is an obsession; Originally, it was very important, it was very important, when it started playing. Here is a safety fetish, which ultimately means nothing. Handling Kenneth Branagh's movies may be nice but the class ends. The origin has grown, but this film is happy to make soil just as often as it is mistaken; All that underestimates this. The last tour of the story is completely different as it is in the original, and the movie really is a great consequence. After two original hours, I understood, respected and liked the two characters presented in the film. After fifty minutes, I both hated them. I have a bit of respect for Branagh because it does not throw a carbon copy of the original movie; But this is not a good adaptation to the great play by Anthony Shaffer.
