It's been ten years since I've seen the last two "Phantasm" sessions, probably because it's a great memory for me. Being admitted this day, I'm still a great fan of the first two installments. I thought I'd go back and I had to experiment with "newer chapters". The third parts are undoubtedly the worst of the series, of course it takes less serious and it disrupts a lot of sense. Once again, where we left the previous movie, Reggie saves Mike. A tall man who swore to return later, but things are not very safe for a long time, when Jody will find it impossible to get in the shape of a field as incomprehensible. Apparently, her soul has been imprisoned by Tall Hand, and Mike later drags Netherworld into a wicked double and Reg's must find him ... On the way he meets a ten-year-old child and a nun-chuck. Helping the whole trip through the help of the Black Chick named Rocky. <br /> <br /> "Phantasm III" is nothing more than a memorable one, which is not stupid and powerful to be "humorous". There was no positive side in the film, and the return of Michael Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury for the first time since the 1978 class began to confirm his first role. The problem is that they make a lot of splendid appearances ... Reggie Banister has a leading role, of course, but a bad attitude and a love affair tend to be very annoying. Angus Scrimm also seems to "enter" his role. She speaks too much here, and she is not as close as possible to the "curious" thing she uses in a diligent way. Most people think that opinions on this opinion are relatively minor and "think it's still fun". Maybe I'm a mixer, but I can not get into it. I remember that I was just a baby, and after seeing it, I can safely say nothing has changed. Don Coscarellie's "Phantasm" scene that raised the mythical, nightmare, and mythical movie myth, still has my favorite horror movie and its respectable sequel moves things outlined and surrealistic and GORY only kept "Lord of the Dead." (stupid title) just seemed to run and spark with me ... Entering two new characters, Tim and Rocky (it was missing Scrappy Doo!), the idea of ​​Coscarelli was revealed and the arrival of the franchise reached ... /> <br /> So it's a "ghost" movie, with little gore, non-nude and quadruple gun guns. Need more to say?
