Wow, it's a whole lot on the plot of this movie! There are so many lands and so many things that have just turned around! As a result, one of them is not particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis with a housewife living in a small town. With local theater experience and Broadway plans. When the great actress arrives in the town, she intends to continue her career, as she has pushed her career. But her husband is worried about her as the actor is Kad. So, there are those who arrive at them and they attack the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he condemned the murder of the first qualification !!! It's not murder but murder! Now, the need for pregnancies and funds, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway's works are not to be found, so it has to work, even though Burlesque. She has not been able to care for her youngest daughters, she encourages another woman to raise her. However, she finally finds a real work in a Broadway theater and looks all over. But the jealous of the theater hates him for an incomprehensible reason and plays the play. In love, he starts in England and becomes a true star. A few years later, she returns to New York to get her baby - but the child is older and she thinks she is a woman who cares for her as a true mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now believes that if he gets $ 10,000 to get him out of prison. Like another reviewer wrote, that is, to get rid of people? How can I get $ 10,000 out otherwise, maybe he'll be able to buy a helicopter to get him into the yard and throw him out! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all that happens is 45 minutes! Believe it or not, there's a lot more. If you are really looking after yourself, find out how it happens. <br /> <br /> This is like a 'kitchen sinker', almost everything is thrown and, in a way, everything works. Unfortunately, the film is incredible and credible, despite the biggest efforts made by the film Ms. Film is like no one can save by a secondary plot. Almost just like a dozen items, just as if it had been picked up in a box and then randomly picked them up to make the movie! In general, if you are not a fan of Kay Francis or you love something like Hollywood in the 1930s, this one easily skips. It's not terrific, but it's definitely not good. By the way, when he came back to New York (Sybil Jason), the child who played the daughter of Francis was horrible. I think they think ... I think.
