2 Kay Francis - It's wonderful! And it was not worth Warner Bros to leave the great city that left the road. <br /> <br /> The two premise that is based on this movie is ridiculous and compelling at the extreme end. Kay is a small town that is looking for a mother and a mother; She wants to be an actor. When Kay goes to town and invites Kay to talk about some of the options, Kay goes to her husband to the movie theaters. The mother's tender bidding on her face makes a mistake that Kay does not have to be true, and she started looking for her. He finds the actor with the hotel (they're only talking) and the man, who falls over a railing, landing in a pond (in a pond) and dies. Now, here are the two basic disbelief of the rest of the film: 1) the jury tells the jury that before deciding to kill the man * he has decided to enter the water. They must find the culprit of the first offense. (Whaaaaa ??????) I think one accused of rape or another murder accused of a man, by the maximum, is NOT to kill the FIRST GRADUATE. Give me a break! But in the plot he demanded murder 1 guilty. In order to take the survivor to prison, whatever) 2) the attorney's lawyer, presumably, after giving his sentence, tells him that he is a fault of Kayri HER. If he did not incorporate his reasoning into the actor's room, then his husband did not go after him and kill the guy and do not die. He says he is the most guilty, not his husband, and he gestures and agrees. What The. Hell?!?!?! The rest of the film is trying to get popularity and money. Kay has been forced to release her husband from jail and have committed to kill the actor. <br /> <br /> I can not continue with this review. The movie is painful. Four years before, in the pre-code days, you could never catch Kay, such as wimp! In true Kay Francis, however, we thought that this woman was a believable figure. I try to thank the work I want to keep from life and credibility. This character was excluded from the pre-coding roles of Kay Francis and the authentic Kay Francis. <br /> <br /> Further on the way! Kay Francis's vehicles are much better! (According to personal experience, it is highly recommended that Mary Stevens, MD and Jewel Robbery are well-educated Dr. Monica and One Way Passage. I'm sure there are other great Kay cannons, but I only mention them. "I can see and recommend.)
