FROM SOME MONTHLY CONVERSION ... I am honored to have a very high score for this movie. I'm really. All I saw was a slow film propaganda, without saying anything. (Note to yourself should be checked by Platoon's rating here) This film was so black and white ... Americans are good ... anyone is evil or useless. There, the British arrived at SAS (I agree with one of the world's most elite units I'm pretty sure). Three men were lost and others fled while the US troops did not. In the sense of war, the Elite soldiers also took over the land, and the evil Iraqi evil criminals who opened the Iraqi dung were opened. Note the thread strings. The only thing that should be said about this movie is that when snipers came out of SAS's man ... the brightness of the distant end, the good noise used ... well done but the rest ... Replacing what I have been doing for 10 years? !! Well, I'm not in a movie and I can see nonsense propaganda, and the guy has this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh, well, in the wild man, the wild man can not stay home. his wife and his young child ... he has to register for another year in a senseless lie of war! Why ... because young people need excitement or something. For example, I'm impressed by the high score of this movie. <br /> <br /> P.S. I am not in America, I hate that they hate the message of this film, it seems that I do not want to resist illegal war issues (in my eyes) and this is quite reasonable, it is clear that people believe that war is just. For any reason he was wrong (he wanted to say something else, but he was censored), but here it is. However, getting a movie on one side like black and white ... v is a naughty wanderer and a little girl treats me. There are many gray wars in the wars, and there are two (sometimes more) parties that believe in fighting. Not something of the Star Wars with something in the dark side with goodies bertsos. Sadly, Hollywood sometimes brings people to glasses ... again 7.8 ... well maybe you're right but I'm not buying it. I'm glad to say I've downloaded the movie. ;)
