As in the second day, Ayn Rand, Bigelow, has been a massive man in Iraq, the men of the United States have had little men on the roadside bombings forever killing their children. When Bigelow puts Iraq's war as a backdrop for human theater drama, a veteran bomb explodes and shows another to replace it in a crazy, ugly and ugly dust in Iraq, and a new hero has been born. <br /> <br /> The new guy John Hershey described in his book, and later in The War Lover, is a rugged wing that is not suitable for civilian life and requires war-stimulation. sublimating and removing her retirement sexual desires. The war lover can only work throughout the war. While Hershey directed her to the lover of war, (in one of her main roles played by Steve McQueen) Bigelow glorifies her. The army needs war lovers, the base of our defense against our enemies. We can not handle the truth, they are the best soldiers for war lovers, the hardest men. According to Hell Bigelow, the usual men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last cowboy. So what if he wants his man to love a nude or a Iraqi boy? War worsens sex and death. During the war, sex has no connection with men, no love, do not ask or say no. Bigelow has no opinion about it; The realism essay confines the possibilities of masculinity in the fifteenth. The lover of the war can only win the moral struggle between good and evil, between the innocence of the Americans and Arab perfidy. Bigelow hides behind his simple crackdown on racism and pride in journalism. Civil is just another Yahoo guru that represents the moral victory of the horrible war spirit. <br /> <br /> In the political front, Bigelow returns to the western genre and its restless clichés. : The wonderful world of open borders, the country of someone else's. ("You can shoot people here," says a soldier); a black but hard black companion, a soldier with the presupposition of death, a crazy official commander and, surely, an erudite educator of the university who tries to help his enemy. Bigelow revives her name. <br /> <br /> A good Arab boyfriend who reconciles with the lover of love can be seen, but Bigelow plays directly; She does not make her sex, she wrinkles it. Bigelow really wants to show us the ugly and shameless face of the Arab enemy. The evil Iraqi who is not demented, hostile, or good, does not. Everyone deserves to die for their insolence, and many of them make this film. Iraqi women are hysterical, their presence is only screaming. I can have men with dragging on, I know everything, never see your faces. There is no presence in women in the base or in the fight, even though the rate of female accidents in Iraq is not denied. Second, Bigelow passes all the moves. The war glorifies, the sadist-nut-case hero canonizes. Cowboys, surrounded by human beings, overwhelmed God's work and terrorism. Towards the end, I wanted to promote the Indians. In Bigelow, however, there is no compassion or comprehension. The Iraqis excelively dehumanize them. The murder of civilians is the psycho-psychological sexual struggle of our hero. Each US bullet finds its mark. You love the guy, war lover. It's just his way, it's a real hero. It's just a guy trying hard to do things, so if you like the boy next to him.
