Warpes takes the Pinotxo theme and catches the toys sent for killing a baby (..., however, other casualties are hurt by the process in the Christmas season) ... it can be a "son" of the toy. Screaming was responsible for the toys of Mad George (... the larvae that enters the victim's mouth, among other things, when the soldiers are shooting other real rumors in a real baby, a remote control). The small goal is a mock boy called Derek (William Thorne), his stepdad killed a red ball to catch his face by stretching his arms and causing a chimney puzzle on the floor. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) is in charge of the mental state of her son, who does not want to open gifts or, more importantly, speak of the horrible murders of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), is afraid of his son's security and his girlfriend, Sarah, has told him that once the local machine gun Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) has been arrested as a result of the loss of children's births caused by trap in toys, his wife had a car accident He was killed ... a revenge if he could not have a son saying that others would not. Although it is hard drinking (... he is often watching Jack), it seems that Petto has abandoned their feelings, but his terrible son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have it and Derek overwhelms it. Why? You will soon understand. <br /> <br /> Exceptional, somewhat unfavorable effects and a goofy premise. Rooney leaves the name in front of the film, gains popularity, but his histrion can help so much. The attractive man that returns Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim to his old actress is not so bad, but serious lame creatures are not taken seriously. I guess that, but Rooney has no reason to put these films in place ... this does not place the place quite close to personality rather than rage and disappointment. Angry at Pino when the liquor does not go down. Bremer Pino is as rare and "robotic" as Sarah wants to be a mother. The practical effects used in the attacks on victims do not seem convincing ... The work with Mad George Savage, with Steve Holland, was much more effective than we see in this movie. People are talking about sex because they think it's so free (... I can not remember any nudity). Probably the best among the many monitoring, but that's not it. I'm sure it's written in paper, it was a fun concept, the idea of ​​using Pinot Noir with horror items, but the results did not hit you.
