Ok OK, it might be hard to put a whole life of a man in a movie. So traditionally, biopics focus on one or two important parts of the subject's life. Now, Byron was a "my week in a year" classmate, that is, to make the choice of the pieces harder. Moreover, as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, he must see the whole life of mankind. Raising parts is not the whole picture, but it shows a different image. <br /> <br /> Now, in the end, my review is: Byron believes that "my week is playing your year." "The prototype, a man who has lived so much in fact, has been doing more than 15 years of activity over life, in fact, he was in a state of decline and lived during his life and was a victim of a social environment - but in the end he was dude Because we want to be a supposed prototype, which of our lives would we all like? Well, I did not want to live a life that is depicted in this movie, so it gets 3. It's not so bad (it's a bit wiser) more importantly when it's completely missing out on a flat plot. <br /> <br /> More details To make things easier, Byron has two different episodes: 1. First European trip: England and its fame + wedding / 2nd. Life abroad - Now, the most important thing is that the second part should be as important as it was before - it was much longer, but the most significant change occurred in Byron. He had his best works (Don Juan, Judgment, etc.), all things that really give him special English literature. <br /> <br /> Instead of this film (a), Byron's life never gets entertained, after leaving England, it's worse. They did two good works: first, the return of the European trip began (although it was a preface for the proverb for the truth), in the second, they chose an angle and they chose the august love box. (who is better off). The problem of this last thing is that they never let it. In fact, Byron kept all of Augusta for life, but, above all, when mood was a terrible person, his letters reflect that does not mean that he would not enjoy his life at other times. </ p> <p> However, the first episode of television was about to end up coming out in England. No doubt. The thing is: everywhere he started a desert life (with the grim period of Geneva), but Italian Byron has also found a new life, both inspired by his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy), already in Venice as well as for himself. She met Teresa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later Shell's request, with Teresa and Pisa). In other words, he also released it. His intellect and his life were opened (and not only in a decadent sense), when England was shut down, while Victorian gravitational rhythm fell. The truth is that Augusta was less, but this bitter freedom is enjoyed in this film. We see only one bored and a snob older. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry, except when he found his voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic development, he should document his relationship with Shelly (and decline). Similarly, Ravenna of Italy is implicated in revolutionary politics and ideas. It is important that Childe Harold's romantic and elusive language and an elusive character have long been shown to make Don Juan's language and person's passion more realistic and lighter. They are life and work. It's true, still a bit naive, but what's in Greece! And the whole thing was the whole circle Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit sparked more sparks. Missolonghi was not looking for something suddenly bored. Italian suggestions were (Gambas) to influence him. It may be a symbol of man seeking ancient illusions of warfare, resting on the clay of modern Europe and conservatism in Europe. But it was not just that, there was a real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote Don Juan's great quantities. It's true, his end is a bit dull, but it's not nice. This is the essence of Byron's life: it may have some great emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but he invented it all the time. At the end of life, there was no "less". No, at that time there were very few people who prepared the JOURNEY physical and minded. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is it so often the second time in Byron's life? Since there was less conflict, eventually the man came by himself? In spite of the overwhelmed Anglo-Saxon England scandals, we see that Byron was much better than the English aristocracy of this time, which, unfortunately, * escaped voluntarily * in 1816, a first-ever language of finding a world of modern and liberal to find a world that would turn the romantic poet into a world that would turn into an enthusiastic self-obsessed snob.
