Once I'd like to see a version of Beowulf, they will know that the scriptwriters know at least the original poem. Once again, after seeing this Sci Fi presentation, I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest that writers should understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but at least I would try to try to read the English translation and build a story based on it. it really transpires. The story is exciting; Why do not they add items to the plot and ruin the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel protects any type of weapon; why should I not present a super-crossbow with disbelief and what could not have been during this time period (as the previous evaluators have indicated correctly)? The fight against Grendel was Beowulf vs Grendel. That's it. No one else took part in the battle. Beowulf was the only one who could defeat the monster without any weapon, choosing the defect of all the previous challenges. However, in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf greckel with arm sword! Again, why could not they portray what really happened? Personally, I think that a link between two plots is much more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a pathetic and horrible description incredible for the real story. Why would the treaty be added to Hrothgar and Grendel's mother's offer of sacrifice? Why create extra characters such as Finn, which add anything to the story? The poem was not a love story. They could not set seats in the right places (instead of the swamp forest and the forest was not under the lake). Does Grendelen's retainer realize the metaphor? He must be buried to represent hell. Why was not the symbolism of the epic poem? Last year, my secondary school students could do much better when they set up a short film based on Beowulf, focusing on themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood creates a movie that focuses on these elements and if the plot is a loyal, then it would be a great movie.
