The Sanguisuga "Behavior The Dance" or "The Bloodsucker Dance the Leads Dance", it seems to me, is a common English title called "Ireland", in 1902, where Richard Marnack is soon called by the mysterious Count (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). Evelyn (Patrizia Webley Patrizia De Rossi), a playwright and another three other actors who finish their work with Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon Caterina Chiani) on a small island The castle is located Initially, Evelyn is reluctant, but agrees that in the agreed phase, Samuel (Leo Valeriano) goes. There, the Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and Father have taken away the deceitful wives with their knife ceremonies, and there is no feeling of illness that Evelyn also watches over the wife of the current Count's wife. For a long time ... it is important to worry about the disturbing officials that someone wants to use the same knife to cut some heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo, total and utter crap from the beginning to the end The first thing we can do is to start criticizing the title Bloodsucker Dance the the Dance, which allows me to study this title, when I do it, I feel a bit deceived, I do not have any vampires or any sharp blood, no one can "carry" anything at any time and there surely is not dancing or dancing, so do not expect one of those things. But hopefully, it's a boring, boring and boring little "giallo" that takes over an hour that kills anyone and starts to emerge from any mysterious murder, La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza will be less than the first time. and not as interesting. The best way to think of the big-core porn movies you've ever seen is best, then cut out the most soft-core porn and bad actors, bad dubbing, bad conversation, let's go. soft-core sex and lesbianism and nothing else. Yes, it's really bad. Mystery items are empty, people make things wrong without apparent reason, and the "twist" excessive composition is as bad as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> Rozi Director works well and La Sanguisga Gestiona la Danza really looks nice even though the little budget is obvious. I must say that there is a scene that shows the storm outside the castle, but the footage used is white and white! So the film shines brightly and black from the black, each time it cuts and colors again! The brilliant scene is that the maid and her friend are discussing her breasts and gives her friends a lot of fun, the scene is so fun and so unnatural, it is priceless and easy to imagine if the movie is the best moment of the 70s porn movies! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very beloved. Forget blood or gore because there is no head in any head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are quite good, the period and the production design is very impressive, but it's not a massive scope. work efficiently enough. The film has a nice sense of color and cinematography is fine. The movie is dubbed, so it's hard to give an opinion on original screenings, but the voice actors are terrifying and the conversation is worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Expand the Dance is a horrible movie. it's sensible, the story has hardly been more than an hour, it's probably called deceptive and it's really dull and boring with a confusing mix. With regard to Euro horror fans, there are a lot of movies that are much better than this, so do not waste your time, this is definitely the best way to avoid this. Curiosities Note: notorious (and forbidden in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror movies Unforgettable experiments on SS last days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp and The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and is quite important. La Sanguisugan police detects Danza.
