"This light" film was originally a Japanese movie, and while thinking of the original movie was pretty bad, American-International Films cut pieces and made American segments to trick people into. Now, all of your listeners do it stupidly, they're clear and it turns out to be clear that this was done and they took care of the final product or it was very delicate.The bottom line is that the Japanese scene is clear and then there are many American scenes where the movies seem quite different. They are talking about the Gamer, an evil worm turtle! And it's a monster, a flying and destructive monster, because there is hardly any energy, because the actors are just ashamed to be in this bad movie, both tired and misunderstood To stay there. <br /> <br /> Now in the monster it's not Godzilla similar standard creature. Watching a huge hanging turtle is like a missile to pull out the limbs and heads of the air. On the other hand, birds with a simple model, destructive rafting buildings and power plants are, as usual, in this film and it's not surprising. Additionally, most Japanese non-members of the audience will find themselves fascinated with the Japanese monster curiously, that is, "who loves monster and believes in him." Yes, no. Well, like in GODZILLA SMOG MONTSERAN and in many other films, you've gotten this annoying joke about monster, but unlike Godzilla's obsession, Gamera is NOT a good man and a mother at the end. just a fool! An average eight-year-old, bad performance, unbelievable American-style clips, and occasional special effects that can be dramatically dubbed outrageous voices are rare and extraordinary. Oddly enough, although most of them hate this movie (and this stupid one), there is a small minority and a voice that loves these films and compares with Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe - this is a horrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - It seems to be a huge presence in its stage, as well as in some of the 60's and in some recent versions of Gamera. None of them is a fire-breathing tortoise or the fact of the movies, really lame.
