We travel to a parallel universe today, where prehistoric monster giants are part of the daily habit of the cities. Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind is a strange world, and a stranger who also looks like a turtle known as Gamera. <br /> <br /> Shadow shadows in the shadow of ears Daiako Studios in second rung studios Samurai sagas were known as monster movies. In the mid-60s, they decided to enter the race of giant reptiles and the opponents designed a series of monster to be a successful boss Godwin Toho. Honestly, he chose Gamera as his angry star - he creates a huge turtle that shoots his flames on the toothpipes, and rotates the air over the fires from his holes in the shoes (and at one point you see the role of a mountain stick fire). <br /> <br /> "Gamera The Invincible", first Gamera film (as it was sold to the USA) is the virtual mirror of the first film Godzilla, just 10 years behind. American fighters keep track of the Air Force's antiquity until they get out of the way - a nuclear bomb that is in the boat is lit and gimmick Gamera wakes up from its frozen room. When the atomic energy is eliminated, it immediately disperses and the world wants to destroy Gamera definitively, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant turtle and also has a miniature version of an aquarium. She thinks that Gamera is essentially polite and benevolent. It's like a little Jewish child with a Hitler pinup. "Gamera is a good turtle," he says then he laughs and puts his face as someone who eats in his coconut shells. Overall, thousands of leaders hear it, so the Z-Plan begins with the worldwide destruction of the Gamera. <br /> <br /> Published in 1965, Gamera was a huge success. The annoying anthropomorphism of children worked really in Japanese and American kiddy viewers, and seeing Gamera shaking two miniatures in Tokyo and the North Pole is Glorious. In all, it's amazing the length of the series: Gamera, eight original films and the latest remakes. It's not a bad thing to mute a mutant for a thousand-year-old mchecking - and if I hear "I'm gonna be a kid friend," I'm going to mix Tokyo once more. It seems easy for me to work in a parallel childhood universe for kids, and in 1965 Gamera's turtle party is more than a Seiko ad.
