I did not really make comments, but I thought I needed to say something. I've seen this movie two days ago, and although I think it's not a waste of time (it may be money for producers), it has serious problems. It has a good cinematography and enjoyable music. Ana Cristina Oliveira has been saying a lot about it, but, really, what? It's not really an actress, whoever acts forever and acts as absurd-minded actors. His performance goes well, it's never in any other movie like Odete: crazy? sad child? a scammers? Nobody knows, my friends. So this rule is admirable here. <br /> <br /> I thought this movie was a good example of most of the portugal films: the soundtrack. Duplication NO is permanent and this is a common mass noise that comes out of the blue result. People from other countries believe that Portugal is the quietest place. However, some conversations that I felt excited were duplicated but the syndrome was not necessarily fixed. I also have to say a bad duplication. It's strange that a movie that sees the first thing that plays the first scene for the first time is duplicated. And all this to say that the film has technical problems. <br /> <br /> It also has scripts. She wants to be the first and last classical scene. It's scary to stop things and show it to you. The writer was trying to guess everything right, but ... but it shows! All conversations are very clear and there is not a single conversation like a movie line. Everything is raw and a bit unpleasant. <br /> <br /> It's not that the movie is a total mix, I have to emphasize. I think the good pieces are so obvious that I prefer to concentrate the evil ones. <br /> <br /> Direction involves little script. All the plans are classics and not innovative, but they are beautiful. Rui Poças's excellent work, by the way. I think it was a problem, people who believe in this story and prevent laughing in the whole movie. It looks like the DIES guy, of course, is not an actor. Actually, the role is important, and I can not see why they are not cast parts that are not actors. This guy is not a man with an actor or a good look. This means that the whole movie goes down the mountain, because we never believe that in a second, this beautiful woman is obsessed, even if she is gone, and when the lover survived the time she loses her time. We see this character with apathy. Bad. The world is beautiful and wonderful people. The world is a good actress and a good boy, and they are able to make people obsessive. The world is full of good films and, at the same time, there's not much film. That's life!
