The latest station, the melodrama, fog and sleep of director Michael Hoffman in the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in Yasnaya Polyanan, playing and watching his wife and followers in his "movement," offering ideas about peace, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and common. The property that was collected outside the forest camp. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is revealed by Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who is led by his movement, and tries to sign Tolstoy's rights of work, stating that Russians are trying to steal wealth. Her husband is due to an immediate death. All this is a new guardian of Tolstoi, a nasty mind that goes hand in hand with Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a man's love and a wife's concern. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Hoffman's script is based on the novel. Jay Parini is often confused in mixed territory, which creates complex threads and mixtures, and ultimately they do not respond satisfactorily. The film's scope is great, and its story should resurrect it as much as Tolstoy, to some extent, beliefs were planned by Bolgevik in some way, and peacekeepers like Ghandi. Unfortunately, it is not impossible, by creating confrontations that are so easy for them to fall. The relationship between faithful Church, Sophia and faithful Tolstoy, is often referred to as. In the last part of the film, a silent priest has appeared in a beautiful hat, but the script never extends it to the story until it goes into a cruel way, looking at the richness of wealth or historical accuracy. There are many details in the film, but most of them do not pay attention and that's why the movie feels too much, sharp, lively but unfortunately not cheap. <br /> <br /> Love in his heart is a story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, as amazing and horrible, is to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are the best things to do, it's not surprising. Plummer's stupid Tolstoy, at the same time confusing and deciding, is terrifying and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is terribly horrified, honest, with a look and silence forced, when her husband takes away her time, her assets and money, definitely dedicated to her but also to her own agenda. They are great performances, even if there is a great deal of richness between the true role of the couple in their history and their abilities, they seem to want to join both Sophia and Tolstoy Mirren and Plummer. The best material is there. Giammati and McAvoy, two talented actors, can not do the same thing and Chertkov's Giamatti is not a revolutionary, nor a robber (and not both at the same time), but rather a cipher, anxiety evidence and complete packages. Impressed abortion history. The scope of this thing never happens, but Plummer and Mirren's forces fall, and not elsewhere. It is interesting and nice, but ultimately unrewarding. 4.5 / 10
