An enormous surplus of animate television (26 episodes, 25 minutes) is a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) who drives a Japanese robot to defend Japan against the invaders of Angels. There is little explanation for the angel or, lately, their number has risen, and it seems that they go out of nowhere, without apparent reason (why not attack each other at the same time instead of getting rid of them in the right places), a human being trying to destroy? The anti-robot scenes try to use a lot of obstacles, but the same action is poorly executed and boring. It seems a waste almost everywhere in all sections. <br /> <br /> Some would be fascinated by fans who refer to the mentioned symbolic references (very few) here, but they all have to. craftsmanship with religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly disposed of with zero. In general, the series is quite pervasive because of the superficial nature of the characters, they are merely those who are not merciful to themselves. It is a pathetic psychology, with simplifying simplifying conflicts, which I repeatedly "hated my dad" repeatedly and repeatedly, who do not overcome the prevalent value. It is not unlikely that the mediocrity of the series that need to spend time pass by means of a spell of junk, too many repetitive psychobabbles (some are completely absurd) in the last episodes. <br /> I do not think that this series progresses as I say it is even worse. Every day, I would look at the DVD set on my desk in my living room and I said: "Cursed, I must see sometime sometime. (Suspiciously) I can throw through the night." The actual shooter's passages were only extended for 25 minutes, but they were included in a borefest that they could open for about 10 minutes. It's a guy who happily takes a 150-minute movie; Therefore, the criticism of the series is very harmful. <br /> <br /> I never saw a series in my life as a whole. As much as "Evangelion". I've already bought fanatical commentaries on the IMDb, and I did not definitely waste my money after spending my money. Then, the torture was null and innocent when it was 10 hours. The relationship between love / love is becoming a hate and love relationship after being very acclaimed. smart cinema The universal admission of this piece is incredible; and the fans' mockest assertion that one of the "greatest achievements of humanity" in this series is probably the most amazing comment I have ever heard of, and I've seen some doozies.
