Sometimes I see some of the shows that my wife sometimes sees. I try to enjoy it through the basic idea that is helping the whole family, but some factors make the way to me. Each episode continues with the same format, where a lot of parts seemed to be the script (which ones), and the tears apparently silenced. Seeing is a real attempt to confront emotional manipulation and dull music. If you want to give something to the house at home, if Sears or anyone wants to give it up, it is a must-have for being generous. Probably, the main problem is that there is a large amount of money and a small armed staff to build a better family home. Now I know that this amount is just a drop in the Disney / ABC package, but how much more can be done for the people who put the house for more people? Instead of focusing on a family and cries over time, why not contribute to the 10 families and underline them? Is not life difficult? Why should I help to find sad things, why not show something inspiring, without being manipulative? I know what they are doing for these families, but they are also used for valuations. You can not cry that they do not sometimes train. I think these people would not be able to see that the hardest workers in the United States could not afford to pay for their children, and it really threatens me. I can not think of what Disney can do with a small amount of money. When each member of the family shows a flat screen television or personal shower that gives you the temperature and emission of the water, why not eat more food, clothing, education and medical insurance? I know we can be entertained and cry good. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can really make money. Yes, his latest reality made good things, but when he lost $ 30,000 each "competitor", I'm sitting here thinking ... the salary for many years is for many people ... if they are lucky. Do not get started in the game shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing good", but forgive me if I see something better than myself. Is there someone feeling similar?
