This movie is not about football. About Jesus / God! Jesus is the same kind of faithful religion that strikes you against the religion that is fighting for religion or Jesus is throwing you iron pumps. Yes, Jesus was completely sucked up, liked the sports of contacts, and the ultimate bells owner. DUHHH! This movie should be called "The Walk of Jesus", or with these lines, all the citizens could know that the real intention of this film is to make people become Christianity and cleanse the brains. lamb in the blood. As the title derives from the Bible, the coach makes it clear that he reads his Bible and asks for Jesus' help. "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than the final sport and Jesus was not a factor. It's just the desire and decision of a person with a dream. <br /> <br /> Extensive appeal of sports inspiration films are ultimately lost between all the Biblical religious and propaganda propaganda. The impression is that the only message can be to be successful and to make a positive profit if you accept Jesus as your only personal savior. But that's just the truth, and so those who believe in the truth and those who want to believe will constantly lie. When winning the victory, the winning athlete's image is recalled. What does it lose? Does Jesus curse? Of course no! In the least, Jesus is not responsible. Only Jesus is in charge of winning. And the logic is round and round and it ends everywhere where the real believer needs it! With the coach I had to stop I could run the floor I had to interrupt the scene with the new truck, I laughed at the ass and breathed. Materialism is not taught by Jesus. Quite strangely, when they are called "Christians", the "savior" seems to forget that message, especially in the back of a large rose gas, I see a fish of Jesus. . <br /> <br /> This movie brings a new message, Jesus looks after a record of loss of loss of hungry children in a mediocre football team of high school football. The final scene, safe and safe kicker 51 yard. He throws a goal in the field and thinks it is incredibly incredible miracle from the last whiteness in the turkey, which is the religious spoon. I only have three stars, the black coach who played the guy to really act.
