I watched this movie in a young group, where my other intuitive and young wife, the wife, was thrown out of it. Afterwards, an adult couple from a Christmas party in the church deceived the copy of this movie in one single family, and now my house is stuck with the film (but fortunately still has its connection). I cried the stern tears about these sad events, which is why, first of all: this film has good intentions, especially as a Christian. You want to demonstrate that you need to make sure that you have confidence in God in this movie and improve your life. It's not so bad, right? Eh It's a serious problem. This film made by a church must be treated with as much taste as possible in the Christian world. It is white and white, no gray areas. The grace and will of God is a predictable thing in this film and it immediately makes all its offerers. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not a Christian life I know. The God I believe is a strong and trusting God, but it is not my will. I can continue as much as possible, but it often goes; However, the football team in this movie is much easier to find humility and self control easier than ever. I can not associate myself with cardboard cut-outs during some of the structured films emerging from the bad side. And when I am going to fill the promised orders of the Bible, I certainly do not find myself blessed as I do these characters. My biggest instant reward is knowing how to do it right; Everything else is a long, dirty and laborious job. <br /> <br /> But this example sets the movie: Grant Taylor trains Shiloh Christian at the football ground, he lost 6 consecutive seasons. He can overcome his job and, together with his wife, is a modest amount of money. They want the baby, but the doctor says it is sterile. Oh, and his car does not work. And the boys of his football team do not respect their parents, bad after millions of losses, and bad season. This is probably a community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides that he will trust in God! And he sends faith to his team. So far, so good. No long As they begin to obey, the blessing will literally reach them. Suddenly, the students do not respect their parents; the school has a "revival"; The team starts to gain in all the games; The best team in the league was also the toughest team in the league! The Taylor coach's job is relaxed; It gives a shiny new school truck as a gift (ie, horrible weather employers); it gets up; His wife (this is achieved) even sperm will be perceived as pregnant! And that skinny boy has managed to kick his target on the first darn field when it's really important !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc., etc. ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE In my church, no one has ever lived in Christ in such a dry and dry way. Yes, my family has been numerous, as well as the comfort of gifts and nature, and I give them God's grace and love. But God does not cover some covers, when you turn on and off, and when you turn off! Mystery is great; His gifts come unexpectedly, when you often think you do not need them, but you really do it. The way of fulfillment is long and hard, and things are never the ones that prove what you think. <br /> <br /> This film has good intentions. But because of its utterly elusive and deeper depth, it is very impressive 1/10. Poor play and topical sports movies do not reluctantly lie on the horror movies, which impels the film unnoticed. You need to add life, even some discomfort truths in the mix. But surprised by people who eat cotton candy, no one has learned anything. Give us meat, bones, REAL things! True lifestyle is not allowed, not only for Christians, but also for the "Giant Face" party.
