Hamiltons, his brother Francis (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and David (Samuel), the oldest parents today, tells the story. Hamilton's move comes a long way, and he does not know why he's doing things wrong. Because his brother and sisters are kidnapped, imprisoned and killed by the basement, he does not calm down or relax the Franciscan nerves too. Francis knows that something is not correct and, when he finds the truth, things will never be the same again ... <br /> <br /> Corecting and copying by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores. The Butcher Brothers (which was until April Fool's Day (2008) is the only creditor of another film director, said enough) was a 2006 movie called "Dark Films to Die For" (or what's called "Dark Forrest"). As I saw everything I saw, Hamilton thought it was completely and completely crap. I found a really bad character, I could hardly find it, and the mobile story did not catch the imagination or kept my interest for 85 minutes and a half and a long 86 minute duration. There's not a big laugh at the extreme end, there's a lot of persistence built around Hamilton's basement cabinet and it's finally revealed to be a teddy boy. Are you sure that frightens us? Are you sure that we should be upset? Does it really mean we're talking about it, like the latest credits? Is it a young innocuous boy who is the best end of the 'tour' generation? The boring plot goes on, it's never clear where Hamilton gets all of his money to buy new homes to buy new homes, because nobody works (if David dies and does not pay too much) or why they have not been caught. so far The script tries to mix with all the drama of the day with powerful horror and combining two things, it works enormously, as long as the party is not memorable or effective. I'm struggling to say something good about cinema. <br /> <br /> Although Butcher Brothers is writing and directing extreme sounds, Butcher Brothers does not point here, there is a bit of blood splatter and some girls. You are not bound in a grove but you can not make it at home with a tomato ketchup bottle and a camera. The movie is not terrifying, and it's one of the middle class neighborhoods, because it has a bad atmosphere or atmosphere. There is a leishman and suggests a fruitful kiss, but Hamilton has a low exploitation scale and not much about the horror crowd. <br /> <br /> Petaluma shot in California, thinks the budget is a bit modern. It's not bad, but it's not forgotten. The cast of the unknown (with me) is not written at home and I can not say anything I feel for anyone. <br /> <br /> Hamilton makes a brutal cardinal that is never recovered. Add to that thin story, not gore, the end of the trash and that character does not raffle you, and you will not have any movie that impresses.
