Think this rider as "Hawaii Five-O Lite" mode. There is Hawaii, action / adventure is a crime drama, lots of scenes for garish on boats and palms and polyester fabrics and shirts ... even the star has a character role as a supporting actor "Zulu". Oh, there are minor differences - Roy Thinnes must be a secret agent of the supposed prime sector, and smaller supports are much smaller (and less interesting), but essentially the same environment. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at that time and it was running for a few years. The Hawaii-based crime-dragon market demand was quite well-suited. Name of the code: Diamond Head was targeted at hierarchy H50, since the old series eventually moved away. It does not suck it, but it is completely derivative and does not make anything original. <br /> <br /> There are some talents of dignity here. Thinnes is an old pro and shoots the footage of his best and it's not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and director. Ian McShane is here as the master of the evil spy called "Arbolak", and McShane is the most interesting actress in any scene. But he calls on his phone. Frances Ngy's look is pretty exotic, but it's not dreams, but it's not its skinniness, ominous features, thick accents, and huge wood delivery. Thinnes's "romantic interest" was probably the biggest mistake in the series. At least, a series of targeted targets was created by Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as the goddess of love. Give another 30 kg and a year with a conversation / voice coach, and maybe cut it. Zulu is, of course, part of his usual part, but it is not a person who can take himself one person. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and the conversation are only numbers that distinguish Quinn Martin from any other production. And at this point, American television viewers saw a lot of QM productions ... I think that "CN: DH" has been too much and has not been left behind. It was not really the guilty of the actor, and I hope that it is far from being one of them, and yet one good entry and one in C.V. <br /> <br /> This MST3000 has recovered for the sixth season for treatment, and they enjoyed it very well. In this version it is worthwhile if you enjoy MST movie japery and lampoon approach, but I can not imagine it for any other reason to watch over this rider.
