"Metamorphosis" has little value for worship, because George Eastman wrote and directed it. This Italian block is almost a male slag character and has been featured in all the productions of Joe D'Amato ranch in the late 70s / early 80s. Would not it be interesting to be a single-handed man with a nude Euro-Cultivist who has nudged the "Erotic Night's Erotic Night" all the time. So I thought! Now, unlike the films he premiered, his own "Metamorphosis" in Eastman is disappointing in gore and sleaze departments. There are a few murders, juicy monster effects and naked female females (shown by Laura Gemser sleaze-queen queen!), But above all a fake speech. The beautiful and eloquent houseman Doctor is on the side of a scientific breakthrough with a study on human DNA codes. The university that works suddenly threatens to cancel its funds. He developed a theory of decoding a gene and a blockage of the human aging process, but soon he did not report a specific report, his research will remain. For this reason, any intelligent scientist doing homework by Dr. Houseman and the untrained serum can get their veins. There is no need to say (and as the title says), it becomes a deadly monster that slowly gets faster. In other words, his research sucks! Already mentioned by other reviewers, is David Cronenberg's "The Fly" some ideas "borrowed"? The dramatic romance introduced, but does not add its originality. The difference is always that Jeff Goldblum's "The Fly" nature is linked; Dr. Houseman transforms him into another monster to be destroyed as soon as possible. The aspect of rapid-aging syndrome also reminded me that Ruggero Deodator's "Phantom of Phantom" was unfortunately underrated, but the only protagonist of this film inherited the disease and did not influence itself. The physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films. Here is no fear or enthusiasm; The film, on the other hand, offers a bad performance, poor lighting, poor editing and a totally backward climate. Sorry to skip this.
