If you have a bad day or a bad time. If you are looking for a movie to be forgotten and forgot about your problems. I do not think the role model is a movie for you. <br /> <br /> The movie is Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) with two promotional juices, going to the schools that promote the product. Children leave drugs and more juices. But Danny stays the worst week and hits the company's car, Wheeler's seats next to him. A girlfriend, a lawyer, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), is trying to make hours of community service running soon, Gayle (Jane Lynch), a volunteer in a big brother led by Gayle. Wheeler has 10 years for Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), and has a rough mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to wear like a knight and fights it in the Middle Ages. But is this good with Danny and Wheeler, or are they better off in jail? <br /> <br /> I do not really cross the bush, this film has been very unpleasant in many ways. Indeed, Ronnie's character, a young man who came out to hear a word, was very surprising. If it were older, it would not have any material. I mean what his parents thought, when they signed up for that. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so blind, perhaps because of her character, I felt bad, but I did not feel anything, portraying her as a woman who would play in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst. It offers a never-ending performance. When drug abuse comes into play, drug still plays. By listening to the conversation, I gave all his annoying conversations, I wanted to throw myself against the wall. Seann William Scott once again considers Stifler as another character, he should try to distinguish himself, and this film has not done so. And Scott tries to be more fun being fun. <br /> <br /> Now, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, will distinguish myself from the rest of the film because he manages it. In order to offer a solid performance, although it does not get bigger laughs, the rest is the most interesting character. Rudd does not exaggerate, and does not try so hard. They see the scene with him and Mintz-Plasse. But the rest of the films are so stupid, sometimes he chooses. But it is therefore foreseen and becomes of interest. These types of comedy are not reminiscent of trying anything new, however, they have no choice. The role model is an example.
