Disappearance in the Mojave desert has been established by Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey), as well as two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) friends of Ethan (Jamie Croft) family. By traveling, they stop at the roadside table, and ask the Weaver on the map called an old deserted mining town. Nobody has heard of it, but it is definitely and decides to divert the family, to see it and take pictures. Once in the village they take some pictures and have a look, but when they leave their car, they must go from night to night. When they look around, they have found a videoconferencing cameraman, when they only watch footage of female horror, when all their friends say they disappear, the next morning and cars have disappeared because things are going bad. What is the secret of Weaver? Henley will never survive ... <br /> <br /> Executive Written by Walter Klenhard, I must say that disappearance is one of the most frustrated movies I have ever seen. In the first 85 minutes, the mysterious thriller and horror film was pretty good, but then we face the worst endings in the history of the film. The script proposes a lot of things, but it has never been worked out or confirmed, and I'm sitting there, what was really happening, from the mysterious extinction of the family cars, from the last four tombs, to the abandoned mines, to a supernatural storm, to a sudden and unexplained explanation of Ethan his unexplained appearance, the cunning Sheriff's motives, the fall of the car's compass, the crashed plane, the citizens denied that Weaver did not exist and was denied as a result of a neutron bomb in the 40s. But we can get it out of the window and know everything that random events are completely separate. Everything was going well and it was created for a great revelation, but nobody came, and instead I ended up as ambiguous, curious, surrealistic and frustrated as possible. Before anything else, he leaves a large part of what has gone before, and gives more questions than the answer. Almost managers had great ideas, but they did not know what to do with them and they eventually ended. I'm sorry I put so much effort into leakage that it can be quite slow at times, and without any reward, and I feel like one or two shots at the tooth best. <br /> <br /> The director of Klenhard is doing this here, the ancient ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the great desert locations provide a good insulation. Well done, but what did they think of that end? Nothing is fitting, nothing is meaningless, and nothing more than mere confusion, sitting by one thing, almost half an hour afterwards, leaves you confused and wants to know more. Despite being a horror movie, there are no blood or gore, even if there are one or two moments. The film reminds The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for the great pieces, which aims to put an end to the curious ending of this film's contribution. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film has great production values, special effects, sets, locations and good cinematography. Set in America but shot in South Australia. The performance is fine Well, disappearance is a curious film; For a long time, a thriller with a horror mystery fits a bit, but never reveals what is really surrealistic. The end just throw more questions than answer. I can not really see anybody or see anything, I really can not.
