This production is not really for me. The soil is cut to inadequate and production is so short that you have not read the novel or have not seen a better adaptation (as in 1995 with Amanda Root), you will lose it. character development time <br /> <br /> Sally Hawkins liked Anne, but the rest were quite short. Mrs. Croft was too old, as Elizabeth's eldest brother. Mary used to say everything with a vivid accent, because her character was balanced and selfish. Mary's Sophie Thompson was much better, as her egoism and malicious use was so tightly established that Wentworth suggests that Anne should be with Louisa and Mary's sisterhood when she's supposed to be a sister of Louisa. Let's think of anyone who is more suitable for this purpose. In this version, maybe someone else might not be able to distinguish between production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones looks like a nice, but much better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because the character demands less depth of feeling. I agree with previous comments about the concert scene: it was an effort to eliminate Anne rather than her own. Also, the scene of the accident: so quickly and so little in the context, you ask what works. Wentworth is a critical effort to move around the conversation at the start of the production of the novel, which only helps the writer's unbalanced nature. <br /> <br /> With this version my other problem was lighting. Sometimes, CSI was like a scene of bunch, very blue. Sometimes the lighting was so bad, it was difficult to do a good scene, as Mrs. Ann visited his old school friend, Mrs. Smith, which means more or less stops. Because Anne was told by Anne about the terrifying nature of Mr. Elliot, it was so much an offense that for a minute I did not think who he was, I thought he was a Musgrove girl. All the girls were quite variable. And the end of the scene ... At the time of possession, it is difficult to imagine Anne's smooth baths like stores like Bath. How stupid can you get? It's bad Sally Hawkins had an adaptation of Anne Elliot, but bad scriptwriting and overproduction.
