Oscar's season has come, so that means deep, engaging, all the powerhouse ensemble movies are all theatrical movies to win audiences and is expected to win the biggest show of the greatest image. Among them, this is a movie based on famous and well-known games. The original playwright was truly a writer and director of adaptation of films; there is a double edge sword. On the one hand, who would play the performance rather than the original writer? On the other hand, who would better dramatize the mistakes and disadvantages of the play, and solve more than the original writer himself? Doubtfulness mixes great performances and many volumes and sounds; With a frustrating ending, unnecessary interviews, doubtful leadership and, of course, the inability to provide significant answers. "High-Caliber" is a growing trend among these films, not responding to all the questions it gives, and it must stop. <br /> <br /> It's like a joke, without a punch, like a book. It's missing the last 20 pages, like what you see in the fourth quarter of football matches in the fourth quarter, and a video game that you would not like to crash to see how to play and what happens. Doubtless, like the frustration of the Best Picture, the Nothing of the Old Town is not really ending; It does not give much response or even let us finish it. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a humanity test, it's a police out. I do not pay the money to see the finished work, I pay money at the beginning, middle and late, and I can sleep in three acts I have not prayed for. We are forced to become a "writer" of the film about what has happened before and what we are going to think of as lies, we fail. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about. A little girl (Meryl Streep) seems to be very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual advances to the child who goes to the church; the first African-American Catholic church. The church secretly violates, in fact, whether or not wrong sins are all behind us. Soil is a different behavior for children, and a young teacher (Amy Adams) begins to notice. After the story John F. Kennedy died, the nation had shaken a long time and questioned humanity and mutual belief. <br /> <br /> The solid points of passion are in the set of performances and, in the same way, the constant pain that creates slowly and never mixes. Streep deserves to be an Oscar in every role, and here his behavior is hard and cold, and all the students and some church workers are frightened by a blanket. Hoffman stands out again as a priest, suspecting her with a charming personality and a pleasant aura. An apparently hypocritical personality is hard, especially when he likes it and at the same time reflects on it; But Hoffman arrives at a plate against one of his best-acting actors and goes on fantastically. When these two are argued, you can fly fireworks without ever seeing one running. But we should not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their excellent work. The Doubt casting team is among the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as you say before, this film is written and directed, especially when the third event goes down. Questions will appear but they are not answered. Characters will appear, but they do not give the plot a real improvement. Children are different, but we never find why. There are inappropriate angles in camera work and there is no reason. John Patrick Shanley, the playwright's writer, had the previous movie in the repertoire director: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether they are mere pride or stupidity, we can not only eliminate random sequences of random conversations, but endless chatter with endless (two-minute coffee talk and how much sugar the priest wanted), thanks to Mr. Shanley. <Br /> <br /> Bottom Line: As predicted as the camera work in action movies, the end is inadequate. It does not matter if we have a talented play, or a decent cinematography, or a good story, or a good sound and music use; Certainly, because we have more than 100 minutes of free movies with no questions answered without a film! He is a good and quite accurate part of the performance, since the original madman is behind the project, but he also made plays and mistakes on the play. This decade saw me share his biggest movies and higher movie quotes, they could be much better for me, they decided to add a few more minutes to the footage and they would end if it were really: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country Old Men, Burn After Reading. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Finish your stinkin 'movie. Please, or at least, let's take a lot of traces to fill the blank (just like Wall-E's backstory depressing), rather than entering space, as the credits start suddenly, we're going to get angry and the gap is a confusion. and severity Start it in the middle, end it! As a critic, I prefer that my films should not be complete, or complete. He feels doubtlessly incomplete and therefore gets a grade that he does not achieve. <br /> <br /> Someone needs to break this foolish tendency.
