Kol (Ross Hagen), a criminal intergalactic, has died and is waiting for execution in a spacecraft designed for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak and he will run away from Kol's escape and send him to Earth (apparently close). There is a "teenager" (thirty-one years old) and a guardian of the game (John Phillip Law) confronting those who help protect her from a bad nightmare ... Bounty Hunter and Executor Android (or "gynoid" more) Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box, I was sure the movie would be awesome. But it was just as horrible as I was (probably at least partially I was watching it so terribly awful). The director (Fred Olen Ray) specializes in more than one hundred movies (especially "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), what he does and half makes a sensible plot and gives us special features. effects Bonus: P.J. Suns (as "Tara"), obviously, appear at a low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Surely, there are no holes. Why are the California tits (I supposedly understood the patron saint of Los Angeles County). What happens with the sharp blouse of women's space? Why is there a sketch about the captain of the ship, if this story is not trying to win the heart? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How is it that a chicken wire generates electromagnetic short-circuiting an Android, but it does not do much damage? Why does a footballer who looks creative with Kol is like American Indian? And Lund fonts (Robert Clarke) ... does his character have a point? Does the match with the captain have a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery Android (or gynoid) Alienator is played by Teagan Clive. What is "alienator"? Why does Daryl Hannah "Blade Runner" look much better? For seeing something as a cyborg, it's a human part. It's Android, but it's all about the machine. It was an Android so there was no reason to be human. It could look like anyone. However, the person who designed it made the size of a linebacker, David Bowie's hair and a bit of a bitter show. Would you like to make a female Android, would you not want to be an attractive and attractive attraction? Mission not completed Beauty is said to be in every shape and size, but I think it's a great exception. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Science Theater 3000" is still around today, this short movie would be very short list. it has to be depleted. Maybe there is a story, and maybe the character is not very interesting. And maybe the scene with the dancer is very adorable for no specific reason - what will the murderer use with a robot deer? But in general, I liked the movie. I do not go to my friends or go to the local video store to prevent the final copy to receive the DVD (I am sure that it is packed with amazing special features). But I think that this movie is going well and in the future I am waiting for similar adventures.
