A year before ILSA, before SHE-WOLF SS, BLACKSNAKE could be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF, PLANTATION, and probably inspired by the Nazi sex production producers, because of their stories to carry out their most evil films. identical: a blond, hilarious and sweet (but stupid) woman who degrades and kills many of her subordinates, all hate and kill. Do you know it? The director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, producer of ILSA, are good friends and their careers started together. So, of course, there is no connection. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not imagine, however, that Russ Meyer wanted to make her typical busty woman, XXX movies in the mid-70s, and Russ Meyer films, even though she was full of nudity. Kinkiness and violence were never really close to porn. Her starring and bizarre films began, including blockbusters by DEEP THROAT and other hardware. Meyer knew he could not compete with these films and BLACKSNAKE had so much in doubt about his career as the final result. Of course, he wanted to open it to different territories. But BLACKSNAKE B.O. and Meyer immediately returned the VIXEN film, although they were still pornographic, were more than one of their previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder BLACKSNAKE. BO was a failure. It's really awesome. Trash-o-branch Jaw-droppingly bad. Slavery is almost a community if you think that. The final result is jarring. In a minute, Meyer is a typical territory: abundant, playful and stupid, and then the next minute, super serious meditation, slavery and violence. Eh? It just works. Slavery / racism is unfortunately badly managed and this movie is taken out in the real exploitation category. However, BLACKSNAKE is not just like a movie like ILSA SHE WOLF SS, and it's similar to movies, so last fans may think it was disappointed, that is to say, almost no exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans would be interested. Meyer denounced the defeat of BLACKSNAKE, and I mentioned that "he had not had enough breasts". I'm sorry Russ, but there's no bad movie, no breasts or no breasts. Reason, but with a low breast rate. With the exception of Anouska and her maid, the wife of the film is male. Meyer replaces the main representative of his usual boys, anonymous black slaves and David (Darth Vader) Prowse's second team. And with a man with the right hand of Anouska, a powerful but clear man who enjoys the power of men, he can not ask what Meyer actually tried to create. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE is David Warbeck, Anouska and his right-wing man. Poor David The whole experience is totally amazed. It seems that the movie is fun, but you clearly see that sometimes you do not know what happens. And then it's Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... in the 1970s and not in 1870. With makeup and hair, it looks like in the 70's the British pin-up baby looks like a century older than the century. And it's the horny in her wardrobe. In a while, he dismissed his leather boots! I did not know that day he had zippers. The character that plays is, in itself, really degrading (it does not make any mistake). It's just an encryption of the object of lewdness and contempt of the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska get up, his disgusting slave driver walks through the room, David hits the unconscious and tries to force him to seek him. The next day, the slave driver is still in favor of Anouska, and both have not happened. It's totally playful. In any case, if his character were a true person, Anouska would give him a slave driver and the unknown left the island. Or he also died. But after trying to force women to keep planting, the story continues to be weaker and longer. <br /> <br /> It makes such hilarious details and awesome blaxploitation angles. BLACKSNAKE is a strange and unpleasant movie. The rupture of the railroad with a variety of watches. I just could not see all the essential aspects to be seen in the movie (thanks to excellent cinematography). So, being a movie to exploit, I think what he should do. But BLACKSNAKE is Russ Meyer more than anything else.
