The principles and principles that were created by the United States frustrated efforts to distract attention from self-sufficiency, the Geneva Convention, the human rights and the sovereignty of non-sovereignty, a state-level thriller. They exceed much more than counteracting illegal anti-terrorist acts. However, if you want to see a movie about it, try Ed Zwick's THE SIMPLE SIDE, Nothing ever made in the modern thriller. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director has taken on an issue that is totally ignorant and hardly ever established. All the stereotypes team is not very credible. As Fabio Testi plays for MAD Magazine's "Spy vs. Spy", Michel Duchaussoy plays an absurd in HALTAN, the professor of sociology Mariangela Melato, a cardiovascular semi-cardboard card. It goes like it wants to catch every conventional plot. The corrupt authorities give them a little better, but they are still painted in conventional broad strokes. <br /> <br /> It is possible to make a smart movie about muted people (cf. elections), but this is a silent movie morona. They think they are intellectuals talking to people. Actually, Testes, Duchaussoy and Melato were renewed with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, which would result in an increase in the intellectual content of the film. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Chabrol was simply deprived of his characters and events, but his staging is so unknown (the battle scene would embarrass the nursery class rather than shoot the kidnapping, but not even the kidnapping) and its impossible. Take a look at at least a little bit of human behavioral knowledge, really watch out for a shameful Duchaussoy (a special mention must be made here in Duchaussoy: it's very good for Chabrol's WHAT DOES IT WOULD DEATH, it's surprisingly bad here again. ) <br /> <br /> Chabrol has made some beautiful films, but you would never have guessed it out of this amusing mess - the one that came to his work would never have seen one of his films later would be a shame. Exhaustive rumor and a sad waste of an interesting material. One-tenth star - which is very generous.
