Choke begins as a rock group called Choke The Choke to perform a concert at Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker), directed and directed at a club called 'Club 905'. Dylan (Sean Cook) and Mike (Jason McKee) want to plan guitarists for members of another band, such as London's bass (Brooke Bailey) and Nancy (Tom Olson), both solitaries and their services are no longer needed. Once in the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike will not appear and the concert becomes a disaster. Then, as the team thinks it can make things worse, they find a dead body in the winery so that all the doors are locked and they can not get out and do not believe in anyone when a mysterious killer starts suddenly individually ... <br /> < br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas. The Choke is the standard numerical slasher teenager. Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (a screenwriter with no horror films for women) has a surprisingly good character and is one of the best conversations, but in some cameras a horrible horror movie is much better. In this regard, it is so slow and boring that some of the characters are not too close to being stored. As you might think, all common teen slasher clichés will be used to show good teens who continue to run away from the crash sites, kill bad guys and try to imitate something bad. Like Scream (1996) and amaze you, but it does not make sense when you think it's logical (they could not do some things to do) and I guessed it to make things even worse, even though I do not want to be proud of who the murderer was at the beginning. Then, The Choke's managers thought the audience would be entertaining, because they showed scenes of teens that are walking around the endless dark corridors, especially, but I feel so much that it's just beginning to get scary like a boring scene. The kill count is small; At first, everyone decides to stick together (a good idea), but then everyone decides randomly to split and in different ways (when a bad idea is a killer in solitaire), the rhythm is deferred. The dying scenes are not imaginable and the end is completely wrong. <br /> <br /> The more director does well, the film most often sees it, although it annoys annoying messages. Production editing technique, such as slow motion or frame hopping. Gore levels are not really torn, there are some blood cycles, a guy with a hole in the chest, some dead and some metal pillars. Most murders occur on the screen with an ax and in the end there is a good example that shows nothing of the film. Since the film is about a rock band, the soundtrack of the rock is quite oriented, with its incredible rock song. I like rock enthusiasts, but in my ears this dirt is just a noise pollution. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and blood and gore is impossible when the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> Choke is well-off with an alleged budget of $ 1,000,000. The production value seems cheap, but it's not as cheap as a small budget horror movie. Washington is shot in a place called Spokane. The play is one of the strongest points in general, it's pretty good, but I do not win anyone with an Oscar, but it's not bad. <br /> <br /> It's a choke routine. Scream style teen slasher, one of the biggest weaknesses ever, and blood, gore, violence, nudity and dead body. I mean, if a slasher does not have any sex or gore, then what is it? This slasher is just the only thing worth watching, right?
