I saw "Evening" because of the cast. That's why I went to see the "Norman Room" - Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and also Meryl Streep, and he loved every minute. Even though the "Notebook" was the same, it was Chick-Flit. And my feeling was, by performing performances by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close. Instead, sometimes even the biggest actors could not overcome the unwanted, simplistic and, to a lesser degree, a really aggressive material. I enjoy the movies that cut off the story ... as long as a rhythm is cleared up and shows a clear verse. But when Vanes's character was in the death-maker and recalling a past event, "Sometimes it was a mistake" felt that the part that shows the "past mistake" does nothing to clarify this. In fact, "little girl, little girl, boy, girl," looks fashionable, senseless, and in an incredible, topical and in an evil way. <br /> <br /> And from here is the spoilers, so keep in mind that you have to continue reading. First, Claire Danes is brutally miscast. Not only does Vanessa Redgrave resemble her as a young woman, she's nowhere near the chopper. I'm not mistaken, it can be good in the right role - just this. And Patrick Wilson is in a bad state, even though the chopper has almost thrown his behavior. Hugh Dancy could best suit what he played, the rich confused the WASP and not for an object of sexual attraction; WASP-y for a bit too. Hugh Dancy? A note - "I'm drunk, I'm drunk and wait until I know it." And "why" (I am in the closet in the world where there is sexually repressed, so I need to drink too much and I'm stupid to myself) it was so injurious and dead for me. (Because they knew nothing of a fagot of the 1950s), because it was so absurd, an evil head and properly managed, I almost slipped on the screen. <br /> <br /> Because Toni Collette and her sister, the fear of her commitment, the part of her sister's "perfect life" jealousy, she asks her sister to make the right choices, pregnancy and the perfect couple. If Patrick Wilson and Ebon Moss-Bachrache were more interested in Harris, though the dreamer had been through the eyes of his eyes, it was significant - but all that was in the 70s and 80s. And deeper. Do we really have to come back, just as fresh and important? <br /> <br /> And finally, Meryl Streep has not appeared for the last ten minutes of the movie. All old lady makeup hiding many of her facial expressions. It's still OK, but it's Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to get the most stupid conversation between the tallest makeup. <br /> <br /> So, just like all the clichés of this movie. The book "Really Relevant Message" adds a bit of extra-curativeity to the book. For two hours, and to ensure raw music for "Life Movie-the-of-the-week" music, it's an empty, "significant" and "film" aspect. I'll only give "3" for Meryl and Vanessa. <br /> <br /> Now, everything you ask for your movies is twaddy, then set my comments to "Evening" aside and have your time. life. However, if you want a truly meaningful experience to be served with a simple story that can make life and death and all nonsense, rent "Norman's Room" and find out what's going on.
