The "Carrier" follows the beliefs of both boys and two on a stolen Mercedes, on the roadside warrior, from the motorway from the beach to the highway freeway chart. Brian is driving ("Pine Trek" on "Chris Pine") and has his girlfriend Bobby ("Coyote Ugly" by Piper Perabo), Brian's younger brother, Danny ("Fanboys" Lou Taylor Pucci) and his friends - Not exactly a girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp's "The Ring 2") occupies the back. This two quartet character lives in a nightmare. Apparently, the co-director and co-director Alex Pastor and David Pastor say they totally tell us that America has destroyed it. Obviously, the explanation lasts at least fifteen minutes, this cynical melodrama would slow down because humans degenerated into a crisis and would turn them into their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you coughs and then you will jump and die. Most of the world, mostly masks hanging from nose and mouth, are dressed in white. Initially, four people will find a desperate father, Frank ("Runaway Bride" called "his wife"), and his pretty little daughter Jodie ("Lost of the Land" named Kiernan Shipka) blocks their SUV. Brian tries to go to Frank, but in the process, Mercedes's oil fry pan breaks down and wipes off. With enthusiasm, Frank goes for a walk after closing the Jodie seal behind him. She wears masks her nose and mouth is full of blood. Frank has heard the doctors being healed by the hospital's patients and they are directed by them. Unfortunately, someone has spoken to Frank. The hospital's doctor will give her some help from her late childhood. Healing did not improve the situation. All other people have died. Kat is trying hard on every phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his grandfather and the heroic quartet allows him to adapt his SUV and carry it. <br /> <br /> In fact, the effects of a pandemic "Carriers" tend to take place in the four decades. to protect themselves from the homicidal killers. They arrive at a country house and will walk on the golf course, disguising four other dolls and shawls. Horriblely, our protagonists have managed to escape without shooting, but Brian is afraid of falling into the water with a mobile corpse. In the end, they reveal one of them infected. Then, while gas is losing, Brian immediately blocks a freeway like Frank. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christians. Danny is a liar when her wife is pregnant and says she needs help. Brian needs to pay close attention to the wind and take it away from the ladies who are making automatic gun when they do not want to help. Brian takes a slug from the passenger's leg, but dies. <br /> <br /> No, the "Carrier" is not a beer and a joke, you can laugh or laughter, because there is almost no humor. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have become evil only for themselves and their difficult situation. Chris Pine makes a great impression on Brian and his energy performance is the only reason to hang out with this hokum; On the other hand, Piper Perabo is the only other well-known actress girlfriend. Like Bobby, he makes a tragic affront to the dying woman and pays a huge price. Pine's performance proves that he can change his character to others. Basically, Pine is the only roles that eighths delighted in pulling out of sensible braids. <br /> <br /> They are both Spanish directors and they have never been encouraged. Since there is no vision, the "transporters" are included in the forecast. Benoît Debie, the film photographer "Irréversible", has done a great job with his panoramic screen lens, and as this road trip is very unpleasant, Debek looks like a dynamic movie. The "Carrier" suffers a happy or closed end in the sense of the word, because it is so cynical. The German shepherd Danny's attacking scene creates the biggest suspense, but it can also be improved. Unfortunately, Pastor brothers are not terrified or strained. As a result of the disappearance, you do not care what happens.
