At the end of the 1970s, Don Bluth, an entertainer who frustrated his company's Disney company, was diverted from Mouse House to complete his own studio. The first production, NIMH OF THE SECRET OF NIMH, is still good today. Afterwards, AN American TAIL and The LAND BEHERA were involved with Steven Spielberg's involvement and were successful commercials. Although one of these two films is a dark attraction of NIMH's adults, they are still very attractive for both children and adults. Shortly afterwards, Don Bluth went on with all the dogs that made their first mistake; This was a particularly harsh critic, and the issues did not help them when it opened with Disney's LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Considering that the movie has a moving title, WE WOULD LIKE TO LOVE. CHILDREN DISCOVER THE FAMILY FAMILY FAMILY. Instead, the story Bluth offers dark illusions: gambling, fraud, crime, abuse and murder. By default, this is not a problem for an animated feature, but it challenges the movie for children. On the other hand, it is difficult for adults to know whether adults can enjoy HEAVEN ALL TYPES. In short, it's a movie with an important personality crisis. Located in one of New Orleans's dumps, Charlie B. Barkin, a rough and rough German shepherd, begins. Former partner of his casino in the game casino, a car cigar-puffing pubbing pitbull, Carface over a car. Before you know, Charlie finds himself in heaven, even though by default. Here, Annabelle angel whippet says, "All dogs go to heaven, unlike people, dogs are loyal and kind." This line indicates the confusing nature of the movie, as the dogs in the movie are presented as whippet. <br /> <br /> When he realizes that he is dying, Charlie stole the way to the ground and the Earthquake with Carface. If it does not help Dachy's partner with Itchy, Charlie's "recover" Carface Prize, AnneMarie, is a girl who can talk to her (to announce that he will win in races). Charlie says that he is looking for a family, but he does his job to win the race, to bring Carface down the casino to make a casino. Although he refuses to admit, Charlie AnneMarie loves ... <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not so problematic. AnneMarie's little girl and about three quarters of strangely outspoken Muslim music (with the lyrics of Kennet's vocals), all other characters do not enjoy it, and even more honest. Unfortunately, that too applies to Charlie; In order to become an anti-hero, the script made up of ten writers make the character an unknown TOUR. Because of this, the audience does not affect Charlie's involvement, and even worse, the end of the film does not make his remarks convincing. (Burt Reynolds's voicemail deprivation) is more damaging to the character. We have a lead lead, the other problem in the movie is in the story structure. Plots of land plunge across the place and do not give any purpose, but it does not take off from the movie. The aforementioned musician (who lives in a dreadletted dirt covered with ordinary rat) seems to have thrown him out of nothing, such as Charlie tries to reveal his generosity by using the color cakes of pizza to eat a pizza. The whole script is like the first draft; It may be a bit more beautiful, this story could be tighter and more effective. <br /> <br /> The issues are not helping Charlie Strouse and T.J. music missing numbers Kuenster (Anne Marie's song and gator's single ballads are good, the latter uses the sharp voice of Ken Page) or an unequal voice. As we have already mentioned, Burt Reynolds's hard-fought and disturbed Charlie's character is no longer devoid of anymore (the only exception is that Itchy's violent affirmation about his true intentions). Itchy as Dom DeLuise is quite good, but it has had better roles, especially Tiger AN American TAIL and Jeremy THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as we have said, is horrible what he does, but his character has a small part, because his overall contribution is irrelevant. At the same time, they are losing ground: Loni Anderson (a group with Matthew with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. AnneMarie is Judith Barsi, a surely memorable voice, partially her character is the only legitimacy of this sad and cheerful spectacle. <br /> <br /> <br /> Barsi on all sides, everything is ALL. HEAVEN TO HEAVEN FOR CHIPS is an animation. Technically, this film has the best imaginations of the Bluth group images (the 1980s standards, that is); Especially, it's a horrible scene, where Charlie's nightmare over a nightmare that runs by a satan world. In any case, the movie is the victory of animation rather than the story teller. <br /> <br /> In general, however, I can not bring good entertaining to all dogs. Despite the fact that the movie is known to its fans and that it has little effect on the incident and has given a mobile conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league for Bluth's best efforts. Animation enthusiasts will be amazed by generous artworks, but when they're done, ALL OURSELVES WILL GET THERE, leaving their taste in their mouths.
