Cecil B. deMille's 1922 thief murderer's imprisonment is a murderous joke in Leatrice Joy, which seems to be a good but decadent youth who needs more money than he knows. He causes imprisonment for his insolence, which brings his regeneration. Thomas Meighan Lydia (Joy) is a forensic lawyer who has been crucified by his personal crusade, but he is put to the alcohol, and then released, he must save him! </ B> <br /> If you do not give yourself a bad plot, you will work it out with a shameless presentation. The quality of DeMiller's direction is very low and does not show the unique skill for him. The photography is standard and flat, and the edition is almost dynamic. Classifying as a fashion show can be easily and fairly straightforward. DeMille introduces Miss Joy to dress up in different types of clothing (night dresses, golf suits, automobile suits, leather skirts), subtitles may be 'Modas de 1922'. <br /> <br /> One more depressing thing is theater rather than photography or direction, especially flat and wood. If not, it's just a plain gesture, hard-hitting eye, shaking eyes and point-and-arm movements intentionally. Some of the most modern and silent filmmakers who cheered on modern masks and visuals were seen here only. In any way, the only member of the cast is Lois Wilson, not only beautiful, but can play his role naturally. It has become the generosity of generosity and kindness, as long as there is no moralizing title card read when it opens its mouth. As I said, everyone else has a routine, Joy, Meighan, and Julia Faye. His interpretation here is a good argument for why he never achieved a true star. <br /> <br /> The worst and most fun part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that makes everything happen. Meighan's character has a lot of titles, where American youths have fallen into morality and return to Rome's decadence. (Insert a nonsense flashback) The film's moralization has been described as a Victorian, but it's more than that. Actually, at that time, it was not a reality that I was feeling more sensitive than modern audiences. <br /> <br /> This movie does not know what he thinks. "typical" silent film, with its archaic moral structure, wooden representation and a bad direction. DeMille shows that he has a great director, no way of getting involved, the position of the camera, nor the script or actor's ability to handle it. I can not imagine taking any care seriously. I'm sorry, slow and stupid, I only recommend myself like dorks of hardcore silence.
