Aztec Tyrannosaurus XVI. Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering), a Spanish-based explorer of the century, was competing with the six best men in Mexico, including Ríos Lieutenant (Marco Sanchez), who wants to claim a territory in Spain and maybe even steal a bit of gold. For a few minutes they have the first sight of local Aztec deities, when Cortes and his men are arrested in a few minutes. If not enough, a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and want to eat their natives, their efforts to win their lives, Spanish offerings to rid the monster problem, but with hidden agendas. & Further reasons are not just those dinosaurs that need to be careful ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (ie by chance, Turkey's Shoot (1982) is one of my favorite exploits. and all I recommend for all), and also known under the title title Aztec Rex (the title changed to Sci-Fi Channel, changed with the original title called Tyrannosaurus Azteca, a foreign movie), the Sci-Fi's 'Creature Feature' looks stupid And it's cheap, and all of this really needs to be known. The True Conquistador Cortes Spanish based on the expedition to Mexico and around, definitely, the film does not seek historical precision, although I am confident that the story is trying to make a little different here, but finally Tyrannosaurus Azteca is the 'Creature Feature'. CGI from a small computer graphics monster, even though it was established at that time. I do not know what I can say, there are conventional topical decades ago, the characters are typical cut-outs, they make stupid decisions and they are selfish, heroic, the deceased killer, just an existing victim. Eat and pretty women are here and they are easy to stop. The film is predictable, stupid, dull and does not enter any level at all levels, even if it moves in the right rhythm, and it is interesting for a moment or two half-hearted gore. The story is not good, and it has a lot of holes. This is also the type of film that you will totally forget in a few days. <br /> <br /> I have now seen and commented on the Sci-Fi Channel 'Characteristics of Functions' and usually the CGI computer effects are awful and Tyrannosaurus Azteca will not affect the trend that I will accept, but it seems that there are only a few effects. They destroy totally terrible effects. filmed directly There are also some vortic effects here, there is a heart cut, a bite of a boy's leg, some blood cymbals, a fresh shot by a man who has attacked dinosaurs afterwards. He sees dead bodies and touches someone with a spear. T-Rex also gets a couple of drinks. The production values ​​are so cheap, the Aztec group seems to be one of those attractive attractions in the Styrofoam theme parks, and it was believed that Spanish men were forced to imprison themselves on the worst seaplane history. He could only get away and run away so little. With a supposedly $ 900,000 budget I could not see the money where he went, Hawaii shot O'ahu's apparently fifteen. day The operation has never been heard by anyone. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is really better than any other Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature'. In the premise, this fundamental statement must be enough, in essence, to decide if you can (probably not) enjoy it.
