EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, I did not expect. This is a budget-free Australian film, there's no special effect on faster movies and scene cuts fast. The alien (immediately foreigner able to speak with the perfect accent) can change the perception of "place" or "place" or "time" and "quicker" by "faster" humans. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells his two grandchildren a 40-year-old man who had been wandering before the 40-year-old told him that "unclean" planet would be naked and completely disoriented, not knowing what this star of the sky was ... Australian outsiders He knows an outside man, apparently marvelous. Here is "a mistake" and it gets angry when it's called on Earth. Earthlings are known as the environment despoilers consummate, and the most eagerly imaginative things of the universe are the metaphor: those who breathe "light air", but do nothing, stick their heads like an ostrich under sand. In another fun metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From then on, the whole film on the conversation is as impressed as the man strives to understand his psychology and special vision, even though he does not understand it. "quaint". The man begins to realize that when irrational and direct human beings are not. However, as he waits for his return home, he sees the man in his thoughts that he does not look completely faulty and he also falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The focus on the views is in interesting places, but it covers everything with a harsh environmental message and a low-budget feeling (there are only two main actors that go through pure scenes, and humanity is never the wickedness of the planet's disappearance seeing). Environmental message does not offer solutions, but it does something that works with nature and what happens to man. Logic is not left together: the rest of the universe "surrendered" on the Earth, but a space-trapped space on the Earth causes a flaw to make a positive change when the movie is over. What would deliberately send foreign battalions against contamination and waste?
