Although the title is "zombie", the movie does not look like today's movie, although it was expected in 1936 that the concept can be very well thought out. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque, an officer of the French Army in the WWII, who has encountered automated soldiers or "zombies" in automatic battles, could have a key role during the war. , although he is not sure of himself. Initially, the main problem of this phenomenon is to persuade them, but eventually the non-military expedition of the General Duval of France (George Cleveland) will order the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find and destroy the secret of zombies. <br /> <br /> The story is part of the expedition of Louque, Duval's daughter Claire Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland). When Louque feels sorry that he is not forced and resolved, Grayson advises him to keep all his life in his power to continue. This tip starts with transforming Louque, especially by getting a stone tablet that resembles a photograph taken from the old city. After entering a swan in the temple priest, it seems that Louque keeps the secret that he was looking for, but it is not clear how immediately he orders the power of "zombiefication". However, the right fist on the forehead is to simulate a third eye and control its thoughts. This is very useful for the girl to win, and the early advice of Grayson for her comments on her servant, "Buna, we are studying unfair". <br /> <br /> The "B" starter of the horror will use the simple look of Bela Lugosi's 1932 film "White Zombie", directed by Victor Halperin. From two films, "White Zombie" is a high level of priority, both in the content of the story, and in the image of the undead, where zombies have been malicious and more threatening. In the case of "Revolt", the zones are enemy soldiers, who have a shiny look that reacts to their tutor's commands. Indeed, if the true rebellion of the title is removed from the mental force of the soldiers, Louque respects his love for Claire; They have overcome their composition and die in the process. <br /> <br /> Not tough on the movie, it's in the story's sketch parameters, but if you think in the usual context "zombies !!" you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try the initial treatment of the topic, the aforementioned "White Zombie" must go with Bela Lugosi.
