I think that Dolph Lundgren might be a great star of Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme. He had a great time in his career, but he also did bad choices, which is undoubtedly one of them, later on his career. Is it curious about the Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up), I think they're believed to be provocative and serious thriller? It is shown in the IMDb as described in the DVD, in the comments, and this movie is not serious. Campaign is called revealed. The films are trying to be complex and intelligent, which is superfluous, confusing and free. In addition, Lundg is known for the action movie, it will try to do even more serious campy roles, because it is a fairly limited range of its actors. Is the whole film kinky sex around the world and still tries to become serious thriller? Land and premise only instantly make B-Movie Porno very convenient. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren played a former non-police officer and Matt Sorenson played against alcoholic alcohol. I would like Lundgren to investigate the scene of crime and leave many parcels to investigate witnesses and other things, even though it is no longer a police officer, and it's still pretty strange and Lundgren's shining performance is lacking. Danielle Brett is interested in Lundgren's love and brother's widow. Brett's role is a decent enough script and story. The support team is huge and no one stands out especially if it's negative for his performances, for example, because of Victor Pedrotchen's giant movie, it's a huge accent and it's really awesome. bad. <br /> <br /> I honestly tried to enter the mystery and movie and look closely, but there was no reason to be ridiculous and sexually absurd games, including a hilarious and ridiculous scene. where Lundg's coverage goes down and almost naked. This film is very elegant and well-made (sarcasm ... sarcasm) on the back of the DVD that I've picked up (it was very cheap) Lundgren's character is "Murray Wilson" (it's not the name of his film's character). .) While Lundgren is somewhat like a bit, a thick movie falls into his face to be serious. Based on Anthony Hickox's director, B-Movie Horror films are really popular. It's sensible, but I think it really wants them to be serious. They will have to see the worship of Lundgren fans ... nobody else ... would definitely have any mystery or suspense. 3/10
