Circle of Two is an urgent need. The love forbidden between sixty-year-old Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a girl of fifteen-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and whether this relationship is acceptable thanks to the standards of society. Circle of Two's problem is, however, that he fails to meet his promise. Jules Dassin and Hedley have to think more about it. When I saw this movie I would learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a boring conversation, an outspoken talk about art, Sarah's exits from Ashleigh seemed more entertaining, and a so artificial closure that lost her emotional influence. This script looks like a good actress. That's why you can imagine the problems of the movie with the great emotional director Jules Vassin. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe in the second that Sarah was in love with her character Ashleigh. His performances seemed superficial, as a competitor of a beauty contest. He was forced to become happy, when the script was asked to be happy and to be sad, when the script asked for sadness. The only scene that I liked with him, in the end, did not say anything. That was probably the true Tatumet Sarah Norton ever. But Tatum was not the only blame. In Richard Burton Ashleigh, his charm, charisma and complexity were not enough to attract older women, fifteen years ago. The rest of the cast was terrified. Their arguments were not convinced, because they waited for a while to go around. Who does that? Michael Wincott, a boyfriend as jealous, surely was the best thing about this movie, but his role was small. To make the actors straight, all Dassin's direction was dropped; But it's true that a big movie goes beyond scripts. Kubrick's Lolita has made James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train passed the screenplay by Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing condemned. The directors of these films also learned how to use music to play their own films and reveal something about their characters. Despite his own score (Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer's combination), the Circle never gets that. <br /> <br /> In the end, the story of a forbidden love is a painter and a teenager between an elderly, but in Circle of Two his performance is enormous. In many ways, shame is controversial, the story of Lolita-type ?? Most film directors should avoid them for understandable reasons? they did not receive more intelligent treatment; The actors were glad they did not write scripts; The talented actors, committed to themselves or their characters, could not be found; and director Jules Dassin (who has done better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) does not want to go down and say: "Before we make the films, we need to re-examine the love story and renew our script." Only one silver painter in one day A smart movie about a guy and a teenager who is in love can do it one day. If this movie ever appears, this is surely turn the debate, the debate and the question in the coming years.
