It was because of the unthinking thought that was sitting on this film. On the other hand, some of the smallest arguments against Christian faith were given. For example, the effort to demonstrate Christianity itself is violent, the narrator constantly refers to the bibliotheca without changing the context, changing the meaning of the text. Jesus will execute the execution of those who do not join him, in fact, from a quote from a parable that Jesus has said, then referred to by a king. So, when the narrator tells a story telling Jesus that he tells a story he tells his character. This is not a very clear way. Is this really what atheism it has to offer to the world? This film also strives to use the Passion of Christ on Jesus Christ: Superstar and the Last Temptation of Christ proves that Christians are spirited. He has not mentioned that the Passion is today the most historical film of the Bible. He did not mention the bunch of critics most liked. He then edited the brutal images of his Passion to kill his point. Ironically, a few months later he does not speak of the Texas Violence Slaughter against Violence Against Violence Against Entertainment. <br /> <br /> It really was the thing that really worried me. more than about this subject. All the Christians interviewed were the average schmoes at the Billy Graham caravan in the New York Cruise car park. The atheists who interviewed the film were prominent authors and scholars. The Christians asked how the Christian movement began, and, of course, when the Holy Spirit came to the disciples, he said when he came to Pentecost. What is correct (Acts 2). He then comments: "Is not it so funny that Christians seem so little that they know the origin of their faith?" and explains that the apostle Paule began Christianity after he had stopped on the road to Damascus. Poor evil do they believe 2 more scams that occur before the 9 functions? Or is this just ignorance? He also tosses around nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus as a question of death and resurrection if people (if Paul is called in the past) questions their testimonies <br /> <br /> There are many other examples. This is 'documentary'. But I do not have time or patience to enter anything at all, I'll go to the bottom. Throughout the film it is evident that the narrator has an emotional sale against the church's education. And the end of the conversation, CHILDREN'S CHILDREN IS A PRINCIPLE! In a recent attempt to denounce the Christian faith, the narrator tries to get somebody foolish in exile. Is this as an intellectual documentary for the atheist communities? There is no doubt that there are intelligent filmmakers who can make a documentary junk made as "event".
