First of all let me believe that I do not believe (if you want to use the word of the atheist well, but I do not like that word, because I am not describing it, but I am not) but I hate the "documentary." Production values ​​are almost non existent, Very weak and the whole thing Brian Flemming seemed to be an insecurity exercise. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were awful and Brian Flemming is clearly the director of the show. He told stories as narratives shot a single movie and did not practice. There were several ways of pumming and pause in the movie. The animation was also pretty bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea of ​​the mythical character of Jesus is not taken by historians and biblical scholars. As I have already stated, I do not believe in God, and I do not believe that he is a true man of Jesus, or anything that speaks of God's existence. My personal opinion was probably Jesus, a real man, but he lived in a lot of farmhouses (look at Apollonius de Tiana) and stories of his life and preaching were much more than the proportion of their death. According to an article on the history of Jesus Wikipedia (and for that reason a good mention is rubbish) "All scholars of Biblical studies and history reveal that Jesus was a Jewish teacher in Galilee who was considered a healer. He was baptized by John the Baptist, who was accused of being seduced against the Roman Empire and under the orders of the Roman Governor of Pontio Pilato, they were crucified. [1] "At the end of the documentary, I asked more about the insecurity of the Director than anything else. I asked someone who was trying to persuade me, rather than anyone else. One of the most significant examples of this is the last interview with the head of the religious school. This is not surprising. The way to teach teachers is unfair, and I agree with the director, that teaching children about hell fires is a bad thing, only to see how Flemming's approach to dealing with the boss was just as sharp. Flemming could have had a chance to get a good deal of talk, if he had more touch on his conversation. Instead, it gets aggressively "this is not a bad thing to teach children." The guy cuts the short conversation and I mean what he expected, the boss said "yes, I see that, I have seen the light, will this be a secular school?" Apparently, Flemming's revenge seems like a mischief in childhood. This is not about the documentary, Flemmingen is about insecurity, and has nothing to do with the alleged documentary issue. Flemming shows what he really does, and this is the real fall of this documentary.
