The good memories of Verhoeven's original trousers are just like the one I like. It has always seemed to me that the brilliant and well-known novel of the novels. Trash exciting and sexy, but still in the trash. It was also a movie that was introduced into a specific sexual sextaker. After a decade of hysteria against AIDS hysteria, a movie about a great emotional sex-enhancing sexual pleasure was quite attractive. The Basic Instinct 2 continued to be of social importance and immediacy. That is why generalizing attempted generosity can be so demanding. What he really wanted to offer was a thin veneer of titillation and a smoothly proud story, and they took care of everything. It misses so many levels, and it is a great adventure aimed at everyone involved, it is very impressive. Let's say it's obvious to beginners - Sharon Stone is too old in Catherine Trammell's sex drive. Verhoeven's lens looks like a photographer looks like a lamb that looks like Michael Caton-Jones hands down, fuzzy and noisy colors, and a static camera that is totally undeniable for his beauty. I like Sharon Stone, but if the first film opens its path, BI2 can kill it. David Morrissey's shirt is full of chemistry; The only sex scene is shameful. The boy-in-law of a character's facial boyfriend Michael Douglas's skin-care mathematician with great enthusiasm. The roles of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling are good contributors to the widespread show scene and heavy clichés. And what much sexual deed shenanigans? Unforgettable clarity as a part of the demise of the housewife, the rapid escape, Verhoeven's sensibility to the sexual content of the first film is still lacking. Do not watch the movie emotion since then - it's not tragic. The film is generally approaching, boring, and ridiculous. Especially, in the last 40 minutes, when you realize that the movie is going to be really interesting anywhere, they are particularly wonderful and hilarious. Failed as a follow-up, Basic Instinct 2 will occupy similar film-lands Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. Like Vanity project, Battlefield Earth is a bad competition. As part of a billion dollar movie production, Hollywood is a misfortune that is as difficult as the hardest year.
