One of the most popular rentals in my video store is not Borat or The Departed, but it's 2005 that Jesus Christ did not have God there. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, says that Jesus was not a historical figure, but rather a legend based on pagan traditions. Using conversations by writers, philosophers, and historians, Jesus, the son of God, was a Christian who lived amongst men, to revive Christian beliefs and resurrect his life, Flemming worships the story of Christ with the characters of Isis and Osiris worship. In Greek mythology, we find Egypt, Dionysius, Adonis and Roman mysteries (Mitraism) and many astonishing similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to the evidence about pagan cultures, the story of Christ also mentions the sources above. four or fifty Gospels wrote for forty or fifty years for Jesus' crucifixion, and the letter of St. Paul proved that Jesus was the figure of flesh and blood. Unfortunately, Flemming does not carry out a true research on the life of Jesus, but only use it as a starting point for the whole attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the dialogues are aligned with philosophers, such as Richard Dawkins, biologist, and Sam Price, including the directives. The only interviewed Christians are: Scott Butcher, founder of Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, Flemming's Village Christian School Principal. There Flemming was a boy. <br /> <br /> Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston as a Bowling for Columbine interview, Sipus's conversation is so honest in the middle of Sipus. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming realizes how wrong Christianity points to the sun around the earth, and then points to the cruelty of Christianity, such as the 11 person who killed Charles Manson's leading worship and Dena Schlosser. the arm of the child for God. It also raises a statement from LaHaye and Jenkins, awaiting the release of the Christians after "throwing away the lake that is not a Christian by the daylight and scream". For the sake of Christianity, Flemming shows Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ feature films detailing each scene of violence and torture. As a matter of serious debate on an interesting subject, it becomes a controversy against childhood and all religions. In the process of conviction committed to strangers with Christianity, Muriel Lester Socialist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Christian-renowned Christian, found the Christian Revolutionaries of Guatemala and received the Nobel Peace Prize. acknowledge his work for social justice, and Ama Teresa respecting his personal work and dignity. <br /> <br /> His best argument is to compare it with his pagan Christian doctrines and pagan worship and do some. Good points, however, Flemming does not say worship that some aspects may seem to be a Christian doctrine, there is no text or source material prior to 300AD before the New Testament. It is also important to make an important difference. The initial goal was to have a mystical experience that he was able to unite with the god. This is an anathema of Christianity, supposedly the Pope, the priests and the bishops, until the Pope, are obliged to interpret God's will to man. <br /> <br /> Although I have not had any doubts or doubts. Jesus Christ, indeed, was a historical image, or indeed, in the long list of things, it might not matter. It is important that the message spread to humanity in the human evolution of mankind. It was later a doctrine of love and love conceived in the name of commissions and crimes committed later, and a moral and ethical code to increase our respect for our human being. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, it was a film that was made and the subject of the taboo was discussed, which is not very necessary, is a divisive attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but it can be seen as a common thread that can bring people around the world. In Annie Besant's words, we could say that there is a place to debate and discuss religious matters, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear respect and mutual respect. There was no God that was not only God's idea, but it is a good time for others to be the most ruthless of religion. to do it
