Eleonora was born in Italy, a lover who was in love with Karl, who has inherited a modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It's winter and he meets the mysterious goalkeeper Leslie. In the end, he will not only look after the house, but also discover Eleonora, who tries to find a greater attraction between the new environment and the couple. <br /> What did I expect? A thriller, but not so much. That's it! Advertising on the package! Everything is questionable. Title, story and motivation. So how do you sort it? Well, this is a dramatic wooden character, a love story that is passionately linked to a relationship that is embedded in a complicated relationship between two individuals. The director (along with William Dafoe) and the director's film Giada Colagrande's film is remote, and calculates his mysterious metaphorical story, which questions what it means? When sudden effects arise, you think why I would really care. We talk about video with the heavy exposures of dead air that focus on details and images. A sterile conversation can lead to a lot of strange developments, but even more, they experience longer, because they are never deeply understood. He thinks it as well. They have never been persuaded and erotic sex activities. The blow is already flowing already in a sluggish one. The plot of the plot makes it something interesting and fresh, but it's never fulfilled, and I thought it would be more unthinkable. The direction of Colagrande is professionally elegant and seems to be what he wants, but everything feels like a slow motion and admires the same images. Most of the actions are left in one location? House. Camera work is very strained, but the shameless music score can be ridiculous when the music scene sounds dumb and purposeful. Giada Colagrande sensually plays part of William Dafoe. The dog is tired! Seymour Cassel then breaks his head. <br /> <br /> Just guess where the direction is. Well, you can wait around. I think I'm definitely giving the slightest benefit to what Indie was expecting from this movie.
