Uwe Boll is automatically linked to horror / worship movie and all the new movie releases? Which is roughly two to three years? He immediately receives negative valuations and harsh criticism. Actually, you think it's just a hypothesis of that era. You know, as you know, Uwe Boll would like to hate you if you like her movies. Make sure this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a great writer and director and is, in fact, a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another wonderful proof. Here, Boll is so desperately trying to see some of the basics that most movies, movies, narrative structures, nature development, voltage building, any movie that is going to be debatable and surprising. The movie "Seed" is a terrific, non-dyed and with non-stuffed foil. I read it once that "Seed" was an interpretation of the popular horror that was in Uwe Boll's Torture Porn movies, but that's not too close. The film has borrowed some "Saw" and "Hostel", but essentially seventeen slasser is dull, according to the murderer and gambling violence. <br /> <br /> They are beyond the first 45 minutes of the "Seed", and it's just the fact that everything you already know is happening. As you can see, Bolle was quite stupid with a scroll text to start her movie (hyper-fast), claiming that a federal US federal law would release prisoners of death row. So you know it will happen later, but the first three quarters are in vain to catch the serial killer and take it to the electric chair. Seed is a dumb murderer in the supposed serial killing of 666 victims (much exaggerated), carrying a bag in his head. It looks at the footage of real-life animal cruelty (we see the footage of animal cruelty, thanks to Mr. Boll) and people make video tapes slowly decomposing in their winery (including a crying and twisting child). When he finally caught the most amateur and unfortunate police chase he shot, and put it in the row of death, the movie is also lagging behind. After being buried alive, the electric chair could not get fried, Max Seed retreated to the surface and killed a new brand; This time he focused on the people who were arrested and executed. <br /> <br /> Nonsense cartoons and the depth of the story of this movie is completely wrong; Especially the horrors of fanatic horror are intensifying and insulting. The "Seeds" in "twists" and "sub-plot" are just as simple as human beings must be accepted, because it is too much! Nobody thinks that the police and the prison staff will bury the massive murderer if he was alive only without shooting shots in his head. Nobody admits that a convicted of fugitives can not be found for another six months, even though they have been taken to the right place where they were first captured. "Seed" is full of small things like this, and the movie goes through every minute that passes. Personally, I do not accept denying that the members of the group did not realize this. You really think Uwe Boll forgets all the tips and criticism, and he just wants to shoot his films hard. I think my actors say that the scenes that make the scenes say when they say "shut up and do it as you say," makes no sense. <br /> <br /> To make people stunned, it's a huge sequence when Max Seed dies an elderly woman in her living room until she reaches a chair in the middle of her table. As Boll's intention, instead of being moving, this sequence is really nice and controversial. "Seed" is awful, weird, it's a blame, is it? Boll.
