The "State Treasure" (2004) is a very wrong challenge to borrow from all the clichés of non-governmental conspiracy of land and dagger. Film Nicholas Cage Benjamin Franklin Gates (which is precious, I ask you?); A seemingly normal man decides to steal a "national treasure" concealed by the founding founder of the US, except for allegedly fortunate huntsmen. Like Indiana Jones, like The Patriot, as well as the sub-context that depicts it as with Indiana Jones and after the background (movies), does the movie make a mockery after another? Nicholas Cage tries to create "Stanley Goodspeed" incineration and mix mistake with a series of highs and <br /> <br /> <br /> George Washington and his team. where they were recovering the king of the patriots, and afterwards to explain the trace plans scattered around US currencies, the director Jon Turteltaub never explains. Could not Washington find a better use of this wealth while launching the country? That's why we have a mystery built on a new enigma that is already named Ben by the new guardian of this wealth. Are Ben intentions noble? If it is confusing. Protecting the treasure. Who and when ... your invention is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean), has decided that Ben can not wait to take his decision to steal the Independence Declaration from his national archives (oh, great idea!). The backdrop of the famous document seems to have a secret response to the last fortune. So Ian Ben tries to kill him. The assassination attempt, of course, has not been successful, too melodramatically. Ben also offers the opportunity to offer a passionate archive curator in Beni, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Is Ben clearly, he thinks he is a nut? at least at the beginning. Acting / Romanticism is true that the resolution of Abby is more rapidly reflected, "Is Hope Diamond?" The film takes it as a X-File-ish, the FBI believes that it is really true behind the scenes that create seamless layouts of different actions that strangers encounter with Strangers cause a great deal of benefit. Honestly, have not the intelligent information ever been correct? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not one of the best films, because it has hard-tired versions of old bits of other films, which are woven from lines such as the IL's' Betsy Ross blush. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD offers a much more generous treatment than the film deserves. The image of anamorphic panoramic image is very smooth and precise, with very rich colors, natural fleshy, strong blacks and whites. Stylized image is also free of errors and digital accessories. Audio 5.1 gives it a nice sonic boom alongside and translates speakers with intensity and realism. Among the add-ons, there is a lot of promotional educational materials on how and why this film was created. Only, as an audience, we clarified why Ben and Co. They were pursuing an illusion of treasures, this film could be quite good. Add-ons end the theater trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Is it not for weak hearts? only thick heads.
