The night I watched the movie pay-per-view channels. When I saw it, I saw why I bent. Honestly, I expected more of that film. Maybe it's something from the "theory of conspiracy." Why? Maybe due to questioning. I mean Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they worryed? But I represented a "Goonies" replica of a dramatic mysterious action that was caught up in a delicious pastiche, that is to say, to my surprise, a real critical praise. Perhaps 'Goonies' was aimed at audiences and adolescents. According to forecasts, the "National Treasure" series was an urgent emergency appeal for adults. <br /> <br /> The interruption of the debate is one thing. It's a way of enjoying science fiction and fear. But I had to face the teaspoons full of paranoid and conspiracy, driven by the audience. Oh, the scriptwriter pulled all the jargon that he intended to bring to mind the hard jargon. "Wow! Mason. Templar knights. You know, true!" I think the writer really missed me when Gates said, the founders of the parents kept treasures to keep them from the hands of the British! And did the knights-errant simply come? New Jersey? Oh, I forget it. From France! A long way to explain how the end of the revolution in Philadelphia was over. Napoleon's agents brought him there! However, you see what I get. The film's premise is interesting. And I think that mystery drama could be so serious. But another baby is dressed up. In the end, I think that the audience does not stop believing, but deliberately ignore ignorance. It's a great blow to changing your dining room or Hollywood Big Mac and chips. <br /> <br /> Okay. If you put hunts, explosions and 'gee-whiz' gimmickers over, you'll enjoy the "National Treasure". But it's a good movie, well, did you ever swear that it was taking the previous audience before going to a movie outside? And every young child speaks excitedly about themselves and says: "Wow! Did you know how that thing came about? That was so cool!" "National Treasure" is a type of film.
