John Carpenter's tour is over for a sad excuse for a movie. He produced only his excuse. Jon Bon Jovi is like a girl. The two vampires Bon Jovi and Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover surely enter the same outfit. In summary, it was difficult to tell how much ramp was a model of the era. Bon Jovi has the greatest karisma. At least when he smiles he will be pleased. On the other hand, two vampire girls are creams and complaints. At some point I'm going to give a wet kiss, but stop. It's amazing how each vampire movie has a few individual moray. At one point, Arly Jover is attacking a vampire boy, then sucking blood while doing her sex work. It would be an erotic moment, except for the full-fledged enjoyment, and the male actors thought it nice to see Arly Jover as a headache when he saw something that was not very clear. From gore, fewer heads are torn and blood is poured. These scenes are not so suspicious and they do not think they happen to be almost fun and there is no scene of "horror". Everything you get as a part of the audience is "It's Wow, it was sure that the red paint on the walls was peeling. I wonder who needs to clean it up." Throughout the whole movie, clearly, Arly Jover (the world's biggest vampire to die) wants to follow these Vampire Hunters. At times, Bon Jovi goes to the abandoned church and after firing at an arrow, he says, "I do not want to hurt myself. I want to know you." EIN ?? Arly's mute extreme, of course, says goodbye and Bon Jovi re-links it with another impaling device. "Why We Can not Become A Friend", in the 1970's WAR song was a great song for this movie. Apart from all other foolish moments, there is a transfusion sequence that Natasha Wagner takes away from her vampire blood, and the people of the town are lined up to give blood. I think that the types of blood are not important? However, all his vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi decides if he takes the blood to him, to defeat Arly he will become a vampire. Of course, as the vampire's blood is transfused with it, its healthy blood is not removed. So, apparently, Bon Jovi is wandering with the double blood that man has in his body. And like VAMPIRES, this also has special effect on vampires-bursts.
