First of all, the actor who plays Jesus has blue eyes ... the half-actress who plays Jews has blue eyes. Is not there enough brown actress? When the blue eyes are depicted, Jesus is one of my masks. Full blood was a Jew! Secondly, what are the English-language old-world films that are not in English-speaking countries, and they all have English accents? (Another example is David Lean, "Dr. Zhivago.") Is not it enough for an actress or Jew who can make an Israeli accent? Often it is not the volume that writes the Scriptures, and therefore the question of Jesus as the proclamation of the being of Messiah seems to be. In the Bible, when John was baptized by John, a voice said from heaven: "This is my beloved son, I am glad I am" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John the Baptist says! The scriptwriter also seems to portray the believers as crazy. For example, to the Bible, Angels Gabriel tells Mary that she will be pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but we do not see or hear anyone in the movie - Mary speaks in the moonlight, and Mary's mother listens to someone and listens to her He does not listen or see anyone. Likewise, when the film is spoken by Jesus in the Temple of Jerusalem with the Pharisees, he says: "You will not see me again until you learn to cry:" Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "I and my father are the same". The right line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me again, until you say:" Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "Jesus never said he was God. The film cuts many important parts (the mountain's preaching is very extinct), but then it does not matter much about the bibler (the whole scene that speaks of a Maria Magdalena john). Scriptwriters, Holy Scriptures instead of trying to make a movie version, he believed (and wanted) to make a movie that he wanted to think about what was happening behind the scenes, although the movie has a strange figure, even though, during the scene that Matthew's tax collects on the scene of Jesus' parable of witchcraft, I fell on the faces of the tears, which is the best movie I've ever seen about the ministry of Jesus (but that's not a lot to say, others are just awful). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie of my last days ("Passion of Christ is a very graphic way) although I like the "Jesus of Nazareth", as it continues over the end of Jesus' death, and continues its resurrection.
