He was tired of the Sun-Woo Jang director, because he felt deceived me. Jang had the potential to create a deep and emotional film about sex and influence on the public, but the strength of which was to focus more than the actual human element of pornography. I could not see the characters I could not see and its fabulous introduction, realism and cinema together, it was very amateur? However, I had this film on my head since I saw it. What was left with me was not the story, the characters that were not, nor the apparently pornographic nature of the movie, but if Jang's Y and J. intertwined the transition to this film carefully, you will see that. Both begin in the exploration phase of their relationship, they want to jump to the unknown, but this is probably not the next step. While they continue to enjoy themselves, they are exploring new ways of pleasure, constantly attacking the aggressor and assault. Jang explores early in J's situation in the control of the situation, then surprisingly, the return occurs when Jaka becomes obsessed. It's a very small change, and the graphic content of this movie may be easier. ask, but there is no. It seems apparent that at the end J can not live with Y, that his meetings become often more frequent and become part of a normal J society. This film was a very exciting and exciting item to watch directly in front of the eye, but it was the only element of this movie that deserves to be seen. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to leave those who talk about this film. It is only pornographic, because they are the basic human elements of this movie, just like in the underdeveloped ones. What we are rarely examining in film is also discussed in the debate, it is an aspect of our lives. Do you know what happens when the door is closed? or so we think. After performing a bit of action, it turns out to be repetitive, Jang director tries to change a bit by constantly changing the landscape. Our characters are constantly traveling to the hotel room and going to the hotel room, each one satisfying their thirst for their flesh. At first it's fun, but again, Jang's repetition seems to be boring. This leads me to my main topic about this film. Jang had a wonderful story with Gojitmal, but he failed (instead of the clear choice he wanted to focus on pornogically), he repeatedly repeated the scenes so that he could not get out of front. know the characters Where was Jang with this movie? Would he want to tell the story he wanted sex or did he think of the characters? In this sense, the fact that Y and J are so little known at the end of the film has failed because we take care of them less. In the end, it seems almost random that the film creates a final resolution of the last two strangers of this film. Jang has to give me some kind of credit, but not much. We tried to create sub-stories that would create a personal item that we lacked, but they did not work together. Y brother and wife J were on the plot, but once again, so rigid as the sex element, these powerful sub-stories did not remember them and did not remember them. Maybe I saw this movie, but the sex scene was not working together at all. We did not know anything about J and Y, and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I can say that this movie could be a good score or a music genre that could be a far-off feature. bring us, the audience, near the emotions that J and Y feel. Since I remember and try to push my film farther away, I do not remember music tones. Gojitmal could be the most powerful film to make Jang stylish with music or something to do something to be our character. Although I understand that he wanted to talk to himself, it was just a technical film that might have provoked a stronger force than unwanted movies. Technically, it was a bad movie. Of course, an independent film in a natural way, the director of Jang did nothing to make any symbolic references trying to do nothing, which is therefore independent. I have not seen any social message or human item that I mentioned before. I felt that this film was thrown together for two weeks, and I understood that I would sell enough sex. Larry Clark was not the production; This was sub-par, and some final technical clicks needed to be stronger than the last version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I'd like this movie and I think that there are smaller items that I enjoyed, but this movie was running, repetitive and replaced by taboo instead of abuse. The great slogans of this film show the latest scene of this film when we understand how the title of this film was created. Our characters were unfocused, our story was undeveloped, and we could use something memorable to make Y and J more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang was trying so hard to find a pornographic art house? and he failed. This was not a movie that deserves time and effort to film. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** away
