What's in here Tell me It's Alec Baldwin's presence. He's not an excellent actor, but maybe not one of those nice stars with good movies. He did nothing more than he did before or later. So (literally!) As the role of Steve McQueen is not the same, I do not want the original comparison, I do not want first. I'm not a fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), he has received a lot of bad movies and it seems to be the best! And for me he has a good nerve when they talk about his curious beauty! Well, when she blushed, she would seduce anyone, I will dye her hair as soon as possible! And what's the madness of Basinger's legs that goes beyond all! Is it probably a mad madness or a tasting? I do not see sexy in two ways, but too much! And if that's the way, hate me, but you know? I saw the movie, I'm dead already! However, what would it really make an unbearable way for unbearable credit goes to anything that deserves more? And, of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about a real real seductor chick. an unforgettable body, and a healthier sense like a weird brunette (Marilyn Monroe), healthier! (I can not do that, here's a nice new thing!). (Michael Madsen) the bad guy was very attractive and was much more effective than good (James Woods) here to summarize the first events near the pool (so the trailer later on!) And he knew. Previously, this is a Hollywood thing, so "Do your thing, take your money, and good luck as an actor in other films!", The film made a very serious personality, and with a violent atmosphere, a clear film, so that The main goods (Action, Emotion, etc.) are here and there are quite well, even though the echo of deep meanings (all kinds of betrayals) is not so dramatic as the whole thing is so powerful. do not wait OK, there's no need to do anything else (other than the spicy moments of Jennifer Tilly). That's why I tried to make it objective, so I did not finish my opinion (Basinger) or saying that anyone could do it better. More than this movie ... It would be insulting, actually. Something is better than this movie!
