Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man), the leading film director, directs this horror film. XIX. Century England has a different perspective on how to manage medical practice than Thomas Rock, according to law, only laws of excitement and experimentation of bodies of pendulum. But the repositories of these bodies are small, and it requires more Rock and cooler. As he is in the circle, he starts paying people to find people to study and study the people. Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom are desperate to work this opportunity and people are killing and selling to Rock. Of course, this kind of action has worse consequences than practicing in the bodies of non-criminals, and all create problems. While the overall story is being played on paper, almost everything about Doctor And The Devils is laughably bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the film, you are already watching to be seated. movie The movie looks very ugly. XIX. As it was in England in the sixteenth century, filmmakers looked "ugly", but did not do it artistically. From sets to cinematography, it looks cheap, weak and boring. Additionally, there is something that almost everything you can not know about the scene, and, above all, someone (both small and large) has something very hilarious. Francis probably did not help his actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea become friends of Fallon and Broom, respectively, and they are very motivated, but very bad. Their characters are crazy, but Pryce and Rea kill them. Especially in trouble with the accent himself without shooting and shooting - Pryce goes to Longbow Street, Cockney and Irish John, especially to the lake's creature, etc. Twiggy is a very humorous movie, because it plays a bitch on the street, because it can not save his life (the latest song is not so funny). The boy was confident in a long way: "flower power" and "clothes will take me to look for a shillin!" Like all three actors in this film, Julian Sands has received the award for the worst performance of the film. He makes a hole like himself, laughing at others, laughing, wrath, love, happiness, portraying anxiety, emotion, and emotion. <br /> <br /> There's only one thing about Doctor and The Devils: Timothy Dalton's Dr. Rock's screening. Although Dalton is surrounded by cinematographic sewers, Dalton is superb; by giving an electric portrait of a man with a horrible man. Very badly, the rest of the movie could not have been Mr. Dalton was just as good ...
