Barney might understand what he is trying to accomplish, but after having been sitting at the school's film school last night, I could not think ... when will that end? Two and fifteen minutes long and heavy. 3 I saw part of Cremaster on the DVD and I thought what I expected. That said, experimental films like this are better digested. There are a few beautiful and beautiful images ... including the title sequence (no joke), but if you expect such a plot or meaning, you will have a long and reactive route. The whole thing was awake (if it's wonderful), but I often do not have any kind of meaning or narration ... I was waiting ... a great mistake. The collection of images is a great gift giving gift, that is, oil jelly, a cookie cutter that creates a plate of slabs and shrimp (this is shown to the crew of the crew during the whole film), a huge giant was placed in a large central station, and director Bjork and Matthew Barney finally evisceration, some rare communion will end, and then become a whale-like creature. . The soundtrack is a beautiful and annoying moment ... sometimes wonderful too. In a time, Bjork is singing a song to go along with the transient rituals that are underway. Other times, there is only a constant droning of a high-speed instrument. start and end of the movie This one does not seem to make sense, because that's not it! If this is your cup of tea, you will absolutely LOVE it! If you feel like something that you probably do not like, then you can stay away from it because of the fact that they will probably come out of the theater like some people like the one I'll be watching. This is the definition of a movie art itself. You get what you get from it. But otherwise, there is not much, there are other curiosities and constant constructions and demolition rituals. I am glad that there is a place for such films, but I can not say I would sit back. However, I can not say that I do not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from the beginning to the end and to compare it with that. I think, maybe, I know what I can expect to enjoy something like that. In order to find out what kind of understanding this movie has, I might have been surprised if I liked it better. Once again, it was as long as it felt double, and then it would be really moving. Certainly not for everyone.
