Awesome conspiracy and thriller conspiracy and thriller conspicuous director William Richert, incoherent and very depressing, is Winter Kills. While watching the movie, I was honestly felt Emperor's Emperor's New Clothes classic fable. I feel like a stupid movie, I could not do the head and tail of the snake plot, nor the senseless characters. But I was somewhat embarrassed to admit that the film was intricate with the nerve twist. So, finally, I was stuck, I hoped that the whole confusion would be different. Then I realized ... the movie is supposed to be a snake, nonsense, and nonsense, that's all. This is a satirical opinion about theoretical and theoretical conspiracies, lies that define truths, half-truths and false lies as a metaphor of the plot. Even when I got this joke, I still had a huge Winter Kills movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) was a young brother of an American president. They were killed in Philadelphy. Nick is present when he is dying when he fights the president and gives out detailed information about the place where he was hiding the gun. Nick continues the traces, but it seems that all the steps that help him die in mysterious circumstances. He also hides his father Pa Kegan (John Huston), a wealthy and wealthy businessman in Nick's research. The deeper you enter into murder, the more you understand that Nick is going down to the complex lies and the red grass website, where it seems that nothing is safe and reliable. <br /> <br /> The nightmare is an absolute nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to strive, because it necessarily mixes this reason. The team has an extraordinary talent, but most are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the darkest and most influential characters in the history of cinematography; Elizabeth Taylor does not appear to be a credit and does not have the single line of conversation; Richard Boone seems to be an interesting task, but his character is nowhere. John Huston has the role of patriarchal power and offers some fun episodes of his film with his fertile listening. Anthony Perkins gets a terrific role and is well managed, although it may be very short on the screen to make the character completely fair. Overhead and some sex scenes are unreasonable, and when they are quite graphic and they seem to be a voyeur, they fit into another movie. The semi-comic movie is a climax and disappointment, but paradoxically memorable in its curious path. Something that kills in the winter, a worship audience is somewhere, but I do not count myself.
