More, an Arab emigrant in Washington, when an attempt to kill the emir to visit D.C., a cocktail server named Sunny Davis saves his life. Sunny turns into a national hero and a popular media and awards him a job as a Secretary of State for the United States Secretary of State. However, it is unknown that the functioning of the state authorities to offer a job is hidden. <br /> <br /> We can see a map of Ohtar in the southernmost area of ​​Saudi Arabia and Yemen, in a desert area. Rub al-Khali or Hustu neighborhood. In real life, the states in this location would be almost zero inhabitants, and would be almost zero in value, but for the purposes of the film, Ohtar's strategic importance must be enormous within the Cold War and the American government. where they have the desire to build a military base, they must do everything they can to keep their authority in good stead. Emigra seemed to have taken an emotional outfit for a young woman who had saved her, and had reached an agreement with the State; They may have their basis, so Sunny will have the latest version of his harem. Sunny's new job is just a little bit easier to give Emira a chance to offer more. <br /> <br /> Plots like this could be a ridiculous time, but the fact that the film's content was only a satirical one. weakened In 1984, perhaps, the Americans were not keenly the main satire of foreign policy in their country; After all, Ronald Reagan made forty-nine states of the forty-nine states in the election presidential elections and his strong line with the Soviet Union was clearly downgraded. (If the film was made a few years later, Iran / Contra affair may have a different tone). <br /> <br /> The movie is not a satire for a vehicle so much Goldie Hawn to show his clothing and charm brands. Sunny Goldie is a typical character, beautiful, delicious, naive and not too bright. However, there is no limit to the extent to which the charm and charm that reaches, and you can not become a bad film automatically, becoming the main character with a giant blonde. (Actually, it seems a good recipe for making a good movie.) Goldie tries to save her best, but never gets it. A part of reason is an incoherent way of portraying its character. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet and innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a bustling bar and wears an impressive outfit. This effect has been raised by Rebecca Sunnybrook Farm and works as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> Goldie can not be the main reason that can not be rescued by this film, nor is the best comedian or the comedian any better than it is. Its material and its "protocol" is pure. It is tired and exhausted in any sense of humor, because stereotypes are offensive to Arab men who are bored by Western women, especially blond and blue. The same thing happened in the mid-80s, because at that time Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski saw a terrifying "Harem" movie that kidnaps a young American woman about the lascivious Middle East. a mini-series of the same name, with almost the same story that tells the story of an era. Filmmakers know that their movies would not work like a comedy, because eventually it would be the "Mr. Smith Washington". The sun blubber turns from a bimbo into a source of political wisdom and begins to embrace Democracy and Constitutions and Citizens' Duty Commitment and a variety of distributions around us and how is the price of freedom Eternal Vigilance is blah blah blah ???? But the truth is that the film does not have a greater success as a political parable of comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made some good comedies such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Houses", but "The Protocol" is not one of them. I have not seen all the movies but watch this comedian I got the worst of them.
