When using stock footage, not only from Trader Horn, but also the first two films in the series (for example, the Alligator fight was last used) is one of the weakest MGM series. A giant follower of Tarzan and his classic man, probably the best film of the series. <br /> <br /> Plots Jane's cousin introduces them into the jungle saying he has inherited his fortune. he'll come back to claim it. It's kind of a lot of unhappy relationship with the brother who left the money. Providing a great white assistant, if Tarzan wants to hide and sell, the pair goes into the jungle, where they encounter the usual. jungle problems (even for footage). After giving a lot of words, he has decided to go back to civilization and get Tarzan and Jame long sequences on his face. Finally, in the last half hour, Tarzan moves in the plot and eventually becomes interesting, because the plans are misplaced and the interested parties look like things that are very rough. <br /> <br /> Dramatic and dull production of films. Films seem to have been from different films, which were just a few repetitions of the previous film half an hour before. In the middle, third parties must have collapsible things and lines of line so that they eventually get out of nowhere. The last third in which Tarzan has been captured and endangering the third party is that the film ultimately resumes (showing signs of graphic violence that has caused a lot of shooting again). It's amazing to me how the series continued, because this film is not very good (except for the end). I would hardly explain that it was a relationship between what I should say. Weissmuller and O'Sullivan, Tarzan and Jane, as people returned. He is a great partner with his excellent partner and is really a great screen that has a couple. <br /> <br /> (I would probably also have to mention that the movie was less real and fantastic as it was with the Tarzan tree). house.) I really like the first moments of this movie and, therefore, a lot and waste of time and energy. I'd recommend trying on the movie when I'm finally logged in. Otherwise, I'd skip the whole movie and go to the next series's movie.
