Thunderbirds would say it would not be enough to say the terrifying movie, the poor, the face, the ugly, the honest, and the painful. I can only think of two reasons to see this movie: 1; Thunderbirds you saw when you were young (as I am) and I'm curious what it is, but you'll really be watching to find out if they are doing something wrong. Or, 2; You're seeing someone under ten years old. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages everything to try. The list goes on, but there are other, more subtle and humble things, when you think hard. Off, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The full message and the goal are set: Jeff Tracy (a new decline in Bill Paxton), his younger son, Alan, has not yet proven a Thunderbird when Alank randomly and innocently decides. Tracy Island Islands to launch a Thunderbird One. The whole movie is a series of events and miss-fires that are trying to capture their father and other brothers in space on the five Thunderbird aboard. <br /> <br /> They lead the actors that lead the movie. film: Alan Tracy (Corbet) 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) 16-year-old and Fermat (Fulton) 14-year-old Brains' son. To say that it is a painful sight of "adventures" with the guy. He is often trying to play and use the script to fight the evil "Hood" (Kingsley), in a hilarious and strange way, and hammy ways to last for the duration of the movie; Everyone is different in a different location. Likewise, "controlling intelligence" was a very arduous thing and basically dragging the movie was overused and our heroine gave us a great way to see a weakness in The Hood? Force and unexpected. <br /> <br /> I know that most kids' children of these days try to integrate adult material, but Thunderbirds makes Lady Penelope fetish. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that it's older than the rest of the kids? At age 24, it's almost true. His scenes are often loaded and lead to an erotic impulse. We see it in the bath, capturing the television that looks at the neck; He comes to his temper and looks like a beautiful look, he changes his feet wet, naked and covered with bubbles. Shades with frequent shades of rose and shades of frequent shoe: this happens first when it is linked to a first touch with another woman. In addition, his outfits are just enough to emphasize the bright pink, especially the way he speaks with a remarkable and accent English accent; She looks like Mrs. Penelope, and it's better to call her to call her.) The whole thing is frustrated, but editing is so quick that the kids do not realize it, but surely. if it exists. <br /> <br /> The Hood land is something that robs banks, it's very curious, the characters in their body guards: it looks like a female look and a tough black body. he was very disturbed. Do we laugh What's the battle scenes? Badly choreographed accreditations and what noisy fuck? Totally, very quiet. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton was doing so seriously, as they said they were doing in a way, but just like another, the Ford motorbike slapped his logo all over the place. News bulletin: Ford is backed up and the camera is moving with Ford for several times when the cars are filmed, as the CGI's way of playing computer video clips? it is powerful A 16-year-old girl thinks we can swallow Thames when she thinks she can swim, against the current one, to recover a monorail (monarchy Thames!), To go back and so on; keep your breath all day long. It's an absolute bull and the people know it? I do not know if a 10-year-old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> Summarizing: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid. Thunderbirds are angry, cheeky, misunderstood, and Rolls Royce also flew and replaced a car. Everything that could go wrong was wrong.
