'Thunderbirds' was a terrific popular show of the 1960s that has passed over the years and generations, which is still popular for both adults and children, as it was in its day. So a live action feature was an excellent opportunity to produce a Hollywood quote, an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it was done with 'Spider-Man' and 'The X-Men'. But the horror and frightening action eliminated this opportunity and it soon emerged that this film was aimed at a trip to the girls section. <br /> <br /> Instead of filming a movie instead of Tracey's five children, their father and geek, trusted people. Our hero Alan Terace strives to rescue people and protect themselves from the evil world. Alan Tracey is thirteen years of age and is fourteen years old. Tin-tin and ten years old. Fermat's annual box-brain, Brains's son (although he was the son of Brains, probably did not have a man trying to get a woman if he tried, maybe he had a baby in a petri dish). As we can say from our three main characters, the Thunderbirds 2004 remake clearly focused on children under the age of 12 rather than calling for a broad age. He made the "Spider-Man". Plots were so soft, with harsh and bad conversations, and surely glittering teens would not have a bad joke. The scriptwriter seemed to be interested in extracting "Spy Kids" (at least curious and original), instead of re-enacting the show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope. Parker only had about three lines in between, so the presence hardly felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was boring and only the smallest mention of four other boys in Tracey was Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, Brains and the Hood respectively. Hood, above all, is neither a threat nor a malicious one, and instead it appears as a stereotyped two-bit daxies, as the lettuce breaks down. <br /> <br /> Alan Tracey plays Brady Corbet. It might be a good young actress, but it was hard to see that she only had to suck it in a movie and because she watches Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-Tin, it's nice to look like 'Girl Power'. Ironically, Fermin's young Soren Fulton is an interesting character of the film because Fulton gives a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> The 'Thunderbirds' series will be a great show by puppets. good performances! The movie 'Thunderbirds' will be forgotten and they will remember it as a great flop.
