I have always thought that the biggest locksmiths in the office usually recommend something, but after a remake of the 80th and Thunderbirds around the World, I doubt it. For those who do not know it, astronomers are based on a puppet show on a family astronaut family of astronauts, a spacecraft and an infrastructure. Well, the puppets are gone (representing a lot more teenagers), and also the premise. Only salvation and plots are taken away with Spy Kids, without imagination, imagination or entertainment. The young Alan Tracey has never seen any other Traceys recovering, since his father will not let the real rocket hit until the tests pass. Penalized in a beautiful tropical island (some punishments!), The rest of the family comes with the opportunity to shine with their children - an identical blok-blond batch. They are in space and it must be a day, or, running through the jungle, making a call, throwing a sleeve into the criminals of evil wicked comedies and dumbfounding them. <br /> <> There are few good points. One of them is, above all, that the movie is a focus. The other one has gone to Seychelles, that is, it looks nice. <br /> <br /> Bad points: where did you start? Low Performance Performance at Ben Kingsley? Did you mention the close relief of this comedic because children were embarrassed by the inhumanity of the Film Foundation? A virtually no effect on action or effect in a science fiction movie of $ 70 million? Awesome recording, a wrong direction, evil moralizing? But, above all, the movie is so courageous in all possible ways. Forget about life lessons and cracks. This is a live-directed movie directed by children focused on a movie, and they're constantly talking to their viewers, throwing the fifth rate jokes and routine. That's why, most of all, most of the children who only controlled speech art in the past would be insulted. After sitting on the bed in this movie, parents could throw them out for dinner for kids. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in the history of British cinema (it did not cover any cover and marketing costs). Summer is only seen as an object lesson that has not been done as a summer movie.
