Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and does not direct a family film, he's a good director. But, really, he did not have to direct this movie, and the script was discarded. Directors and writers have to understand the original TV show, what their characters are and how they worked. The original series had a lot of events with a good deal of intense writing and American producers would never consider children's programming, much less a movie, which was so well received by adults. I mean, Tracys graduates of college, and some of them also drink alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters that were dead, although most were bad. If they had originally written the way they did, bad conversation, nursery, and dumbing things with a weak plot, Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not be a bad review. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarion series, you know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> First and foremost references to the Ford Motor Company were the worst and most annoying, even though Lady Penelope FAB-1 was looking at deforestated Ford Thunderbird. Instead of using the penelope lady's station rather than using it more than being a trustworthy original, ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. He wants to be a great member of the British society, which is why the original series will be the top of the best automobile riders in England. Another reviewer here stated that Penelope had not caught him on a dead Ford. It's quite right that Ford's idea of ​​the ride does not work. At least Penelope's route could be done in a Jaguar, which is like FAB1, but it's a British car with Jaguar Ford, but NO! They had to use a FORD straightforward! The location of Ford products does not end there. You see a single car is Ford! The news featured on the TV movie show was backed by Ford. Ford, Ford, FORD! The dominance of Ford vehicles Ford is a marketing vehicle. <br /> <br /> The original series was designed for the future of the 1960s, and has made it even more advanced today. But the futuristic design of the original series made a stunning design and functionality. This type of treatment was not in the movie, everything is stylized in excess, defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were made in the design of the film were aimed at style, often a sensible function, in order to make sense of reason in that style. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on good performance. voice talent performances to overcome limited puppet expressions, which will lead to lifelong learning. Barry Gray's superb and lively music helped even get a super-objective, story-telling tale of people, and everything that came together (Stanislavsky's talk a little). The movie had a lot of grid shows. Anthony Edwards overwhelmed Brains, though Bill Paxton was not working well (although Jeff Tracy did not work well), but Hood rather than Ben Kingsley had better chances. it would be too long). Simply, puppets were more believable! The second was Hans Zimmer's musical score as a whole and remarkable, like the mix of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And, of course, Hood. The original series was able to communicate with The Hood Kyrano with a Kyranian statue to get an ESP contact. But here he ended his extraordinary skills. He is a disguised and fraudulent master, which is hidden (in most cases, so to speak) to collect information about Thunderbirds vehicles. He also uses weapons for his defense, including guns, and generally collects information through a movie camera, though he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s as United Artists "Thunderbird 6" (this was the latest Thunderbirds it was the show). Supermarionation and Thunderbirds were the second releases release. Although the International Rescue Team is, The Hood is not at all evil in Thunderbirds and avoids direct conflict with International Rescue. Among the films, of course, it is the most wicked one, but it seems that he and his gang can play slogans, that Hood has expanded his control capacity, including the ability to move objects and take flight for some time. This is completely detracted from Hood, as a character of the original series, who laughs at the kids and who knows how to mix their heads or tear down the theater. <br /> <br /> There are more reviews, but the 1000 limit for review reviews is not allowed to list all of them. So I will close this movie I have not enjoyed. Actually, I think it hurts! After watching the original series and Supermarion (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I expected much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarion was much more sophisticated and elegant than this direct action. fartsa (And that's fine) - Kip Wells
