I am not a fan of the series in the left book - books are written in Level 6 level reading, which do not understand science, technology, and politics. While books are still loyal to scripture, methods of fulfilling their prophecy are often ridiculous (for example, the description of the Russian / Arab invasion in Israel). Likewise, books have a tone of predication that they do not believe, so that the believers return, instead of bringing them to the gospel. However, I read these books, because of my interest in Revelation's events. For the same reason, I saw this film adaptation. I'm sad but a movie that is maturity with the poor. The play is really decent, especially in terms of acting and acting. The script is pretty bad, though it's not unexpectedly beginning with the novel. The character is poorly drawn and developed. Events are scattered and disconnected. Sometimes a conversation alert is heard. At least the book got its conspiracy theory moving. Here, the viewer has left an incoherent mess, it just makes sense if you read the book. The stimulation of the film is also very poorly executed, which seems to be very rush and consequence, and dragging the crowd in the middle of the attack. It is schizophrenic music. Sometimes it emphasizes animation sounds for a motion picture. At other times, I'm reminded of sitcom and mini-series music. And yet another bit reminds me of the MTV soundtrack in the short film. I can give the scene of the aircraft panic to the movie points, but that's it. Another scene about the Rapture disaster is much more compelling. The film also suffers from the predicate of the book, even though its message is unlike the face. In all, I found them as depressing as the movie series. This is not a movie that includes Christians around it. I hope that this film will not pay much attention to theaters next year. It would be a bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a solid, intelligent and investigated series based on the revelation, he presents the view of the real world and the Christian world without losing secular readers (after all, trying to reach Christians) read the trilogy of James Clonen. BeauSeigneur. Reading is excellent and it is a better option for believers who improve quality.
