This time has been seen for the first time, so I saw again with the second feature of the series. I still do not see that while I know that I saw the 3rd movie that I saw, I will analyze it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> From the production value point of view, from screen writing and film perspective. This movie fails at many levels, even if it's got a few. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? It's not much, and it works from the production point of view. However, it is a handwriting imbalance that has little to do with the development of nature ... what could I expect from a film agenda. I did not have any problems ... the line is good; However, in both films, the script may allow the actors to really stretch. Because the film is "Christian", this is foreseeable because it can not portray the "end time" violent chaos without breaking some Christian-related ethics. In other words, the error arises in the introduction of a G-rated movie, in which the content of conservative interpretations in Biblical would be valued to any extent. So if the film aims to repel Christian faith, then the movie should be terrifying, right? However, you can not make a book adaptation without commenting on the book, or, in this case, a book series. There are certainly a lot of Christian material to make movies ... but do not leave the series "Left Behind" ... and these movies fail because they are the best-selling, bad novels based on bad theology. . <br /> <br /> As a Southern Baptist minister, I think the book is a plea for me, despite the end of the last two books of the last series. I have described them as decent fictions, and if the books were to take this view of "the subject of biblical skeptology" ("end-time analysis") "choice" or interpretation, I lived thus. This series is divided into Christians, because in Christian circulation, it promotes interpretation of a "literalist" above an hermeneutic phrase, which inevitably leads to a "pre-tribal and pre-millenial" dispensation perspective. A strong God in the world of humanity, that is, as I always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his last job. But many people, especially non-learned Christians, have no idea of ​​themselves. We look at world views, conservative and fundamental in the interpretation of the Bible, and try to promote "one interpretation". <br /> <br /> In this way, books take away the agenda, not so much as "losing" the need for Christ, but point out that the fundamentalist approach is the only way to understand the Bible. I am reading in the second novel very clearly (since several years ago) because of the reference to the characters, there was no "left behind"; The "true" Christians, deserving of "exile," would not be able to hold another exoplanee. This is disturbing for several reasons, among which the only mention of what is written in the Holy Scripture "rapture" and because there is a good connection to the final true prophecy. <br /> <br /> But the real problem. These books divide the Christian community and show how "real" Christian behavior is represented. In the end, I believe that they earn more people to legitimize faith / religion, instead of gaining people. All Christians become caricature, though the world that is distracted by the world laughed and laughed, though in the Christian thinking and practice there is a theological chamber of multi-faith beliefs. As a Christian body, in general, 2000 society of the history of 2000 is damaging to society ... and we certainly do not need to promote thousands of films, maybe millions of others. <br /> So, the movie "Left Behind" fails because the book "Left Behind" deserves film interpretation.
