Bloody Jack's Legend is in the desert of Alaska, and Lumberjack begins as an alleged brethren of deadly mortalities, the immortality of ancient antiquated books (The Evil Dead (1982) style). He dies the relative relative of his family who believes in family unity. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young), his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four friends, come up with a comfortable log home cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) relaxing in the desert See you last weekend Unfortunately the Lumberjack killer show starts with his ax and his friends start dying ... <br /> <br /> Todd Portugal is directed and written, produced and directed. Movies that kill horror genres, but I'm not a low budget horror movie with the production value of a holiday video. The script is completely awful in every way for 80 minutes, the bad thing is slichen topical, the character is horrible, the conversation is horrible, and it is difficult to worry about anyone who has a slasher movie that is disturbing or something difficult to worry about. Teens are more than annoying and stupid, scripts are more common, predictable, and weaker than usual, and Lumberjack is not just a killer. Then after the last 10 minutes or so, if you think that it is going to go far, it creates a worst twist on the slasher film history, I am worried that it has a puck fun that pays us to the audience. He had to sit for about 90 minutes. Now I'm going to break the end, so you do not know if someone does not want to read it now. Basically before the end of the movie, Ray tells a story and tells the story we've just seen. Nick & Dawn and everyone else tell us that the story told us a bit (I felt their feeling). pain) and then continue hugging and laughing. Why they said and argued that they were walking, why they did not select an ax and things like that, I felt that it was fun for the audience, as a kind of thing I could see as I saw. I set my throat and the makers of the clear-minded knew that the script was cala, where all the holes could be seen and it was the turn of the end, which is only a small slip of slamming 80 minutes before (we just remember it). Then Lumberjack adds to the damage and shakes it up and kills all in two minutes, why did not he start? He would have saved a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The Portuguese director turns into a real blend, that is, the worst continuation of the night and night of a movie I've ever seen. I have set the whole film at night and I suspect the author is trying to use the night processor's day, but it does not work and looks like it has been set for most days. For example, look when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and will leave the window. Obviously, we're looking at the outside, looking from the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and the movies cut a daylight out of the room. Then, Ranger Vince does not have the chance to get a search party until he's been saying "night" here, but it seems that a few minutes later he was away and seemed to be in the middle of the day. Actually, it is clear that a flashlight is directed and clearly pointing to where it looks. There is a scene in the cab in the windows, it is black outside, and Ranger is a clear example when it goes through the door. The continuity of this movie is just the worst thing I've ever seen. There is no shame, some scenes of an ax that has been inserted into the body of the people, but it's nothing memorable. It's not terrifying, there's no tension, no atmosphere. The horrible night of day and night is so rare because it is so evident. <br /> <br /> Technically it's the bottom of the movie rock, and the night and day continuity must also be that when it comes to believing it's what's bad. The special effects are poor and can not show a burst of a car, even if it is essential in the plot. This has an amateur hour that has been written from the beginning to the end. The performance is absolutely brilliant, and everyone who takes part in it has to get an Oscar, just jokingly, it was really awesome and the girls that got their breasts did not look good. <br /> <br /> Legend Bloody Jack is just a teen slasher is a horrible movie, it seems it has been shot in a camera without using a tripod or steadycam, it has tremendous effects, it is boring and it is the end of the twist, both insulting in horror film history da. or it's totally wrong and it's very clear. It is not recommended to see a decent slasher of the 70s or 80s, to remind yourself how to do it.
