I went into a video store and looked around to find horror movies, after about 30 minutes, I pushed and picked up a few. I met the "Master of fear" with "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". I thought it was a great old man, but I was interested for some reason. Pro-Life said the case of being a classic, I wanted John Carpenter's refund (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it was good) and all that. That's why I thought I thought it was great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started for a moment, a girl who walks through a forest, something frightened. A car stops and chooses it (so people should see it, it's amazing?) They take them to a clinic and examine them. However, while this happens, the Father appears on the door and does not give permission, it is not near by. It might be something that he wanted to do in the past, but you do not know it anymore at this time. She does not really want her daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is strongly opposed to these actions, condemning and believing what God wants. He hears what is called "life-life". Abortions are considered to act against and to the extreme that children are born to be born. The life of a new born will not be infected, but in the past, humans have been killed to allow birth? It's just the image of the justice mind. However, on the track again, after studying the girl, they find pregnant shesoms, but what they must be before. She is pregnant for weeks, but a month before. They will always tell them that they do not understand it, and that Abortion and everything wants it, but at the end of the day he was raped by a demon of hell. He tells the truth and his Father wants that child (but "God" thinks he wants this baby, he does not really do it). He gets his 3 children (guns and shotguns carry weapons), and begin to enter the clinic (all those who collaborate). The head of the clinic, who had to face past problems, is now well-trained. Mother Father Sons dies, but eventually shoots several times (wearing a ballet jacket). Father, then, who thinks about Women. Cut a hole, if there was a vagina woman, it absorbs something and absorbs all of this blood. While all this is happening, the girl has a lot of legs and there she is born with a devil, and some devils raise themselves under the Earth (not in the same room) and seeks their son. Father sees it later, and began to question why it happened, what he did was done, and he does not understand why that is the case. The devil killed his two children before, and now he goes to the Father ... When the baby dies, the baby carries it (it's not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, that's sure enough to feel quite well and it's an exciting horror movie, but it's not. The play is horrible and excited, the script is boring and not creative; They choose incorrect characters and do not build on them; Everything is put together, all small parts, even if not something great, adds to the loss of time. I would not be embarrassed at all, even if it contains elements of fear, they eventually fail to achieve success. More than a short "Novelist" short film from John Carpenter was felt. <br /> <br /> I apologize for my lack of information and a detailed review, something exciting to write something exciting. . I'm sorry if my spelling and details are wrong, I could not have any trouble investigating.
