When I saw the event at John Carpenter's 2nd season, when I first saw the event, it was the best time to burn its first cigarettes (and I liked other episodes of that era). Oh, how disappointed I was. I think the correctness of carpenters is that the main problem of this passage was the writing was absolutely horrible. They also played and talked about not just the subject matter, but the characters were written for a Walker (Texas Ranger) section. The performance was bad, and I usually liked Ron Perlman, but I guess so much they were writing so horrible. I do not try to guess what the writers are trying to do, this would be useless, but it seems (but obviously) trying to confuse fear with social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that there seemed to be many opportunities or religious nuts, as well as anti-fanatical abortionists. And I am in favor of these two goals, but it was so horrible that I was ashamed to speak with characters and speak with inconsistency. This has failed to provide a good opinion on the subject and the horror item has failed even after that writing. <br /> <br /> I think that Carpenter can accuse most of his illness here. He chose to direct teleplay and, therefore, lack of responsibility. It seems nice to find two little bits, that's why I've given two stars. <br /> <br /> Genuine gore and monster effects were good, but CGI gore (two separate headers on the head). The harmless CGI without quality, however, never accepted. In general, I am very critical of CGI, but I do not have the problem in principle. I have a problem executing it. Technology, although surprising in some respects, is not enough to deal with "real effects", especially miniatures or gore, especially if they are organic and / or alive, and therefore they are not used. . CGI can be used in small quantities or, of course, it encourages the whole movie. <br /> <br /> I also took this opportunity for the show title, Masters of Horror, as a bad title. There are just a lot of "horror masters" around. Maybe two or three. If the show is called a "Horror Story" or something like that would be fine. Taking into account the criteria for directing one of these sections, and therefore, "horror master" does not criticize, there is a horror film that is at least directly in their careers. And it must not be good.
