I like movies about UFOs. That's why I recently decided to see EYES BEHIND THE STARS again when I saw a baby when I saw the late 70's. And now I'm afraid I'm going to write a review about it, I start to forget everything about FAST. You see, even though the EBTS is not bad, it is very sad and unknown. The story is interesting but flat. Actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. FX are really amateur, but I can forget something like this if the movie is compelling, unfortunately, this is not. <br /> <br /> Also, there is very little violence and there is no nudity, and that's why it does nothing. In the 1970s, Italian science fiction is a fictional work, since the genre of the Italian genre is a genre that separates the genres from other countries in the 1970s, as an amazing number of violence and sex. . Strangely enough, because of the potential exploitation of potential elements, the EBTS stands out above the covenant. I do not know that this can be seen clearly. Personally, I can enjoy sex and non-violence, but I believe that EBTS need more violence and some sexes here and there, because it is deadly and dead. And special effects are not special. <br /> <br /> The same story is really interesting. THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP are a combination: a photographer captures unexpectedly foreign films in the film country of fashion. Aliens know that they have captured the movie and they are still kidnapped by a photographer and a model, and then destroy their evidence of presence on the ground. The problem is when a model acquires a man from a newly-photographed apartment (that is to say, before it starts). Men take negatives and leaves, aliens who do not know strangers. The whole story is about a man who wants to learn more about foreigners and a secret group of espionage. Most of the movie works around boring political intrigue, in spy and spy varieties. The story UFO element is almost irrelevant and McGuffin can easily replace any cold war. But STARS is as dull as the stars, it looks like X-FILES LOT! I wonder if he saw the movie Chris Carter. However, the best thing about EBTS is the POV plans, which are incredibly powerful and effective. But the rest is almost completely unforgettable, including the amazing aliens. <br /> <br /> Even though I'm really worried about this movie, I love it anyway. When I saw it as a child I remember the effective advertisement campaign I was afraid of. I own the video. The movie might be much more, if it's done correctly. Well ...
