Without a doubt, it is one of the remake of a remake of a classic movie history, especially its labels, "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all ages", is not properly exploited. ! Even though this movie on TV usually appeared in the forests of my bosom from childhood days, its notoriety (not surprisingly erotic content, to be taken into account) far left me - and I just bumped it into Bo Derek recently. The previous movie, 10 (1979), and many fantastic fantasies of Christmas time. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek, the leading actress and producer, plays the innocent (testimonial) school. banana scene), and it is expected that her clothes are taken out several times, but as well as the well-being of those scenes she was more successful than 10 at this time; Richard Harris, then, landscape landscape constantly makes Jane an explorer as an obsessed father, but John Philip Law hardly registers Jane as an assistant; Miles O'Keeffe, the challenge, has a title and only makes 45 minutes of the movie, except for the famous jodel (surely Johnny Weissmuller!) And, moreover, it is not so expressive. during the second part of the film, amongst the trees that strike it in! To get the record, in the following two films, ATOR (or imitators of CONAN) Joe D'Amato and King Arthur were the stars of SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> The actor, still director of John Derek (also his filmmaker here), was a great filmmaker (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and worked very well (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don). Siegel), but he clearly learned from them that he had a great responsibility under his leadership: sometimes terribly pretentious (see Python's seventy sequence of assault attacks) is a slow movement and cursing transient excessive; This was Derek's seventh film as director (and his fourth was with Bo's wife) and eventually only got two more. <br /> <br /> It is necessary to measure the lack of the film, in fact, it was once again being filmed in the legend of Tarzan: GREYSTOKE: TARZANEN LEISURE, BREAKFAST BRIEFS (that is, surprisingly, I still do not see myself) - just three years later !! He was nominated for Six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and Bo Derek at TARZAN, The APE MAN Gary Goddard, a director of a planned transposition. (to the silver screen of this heroic hero of this current animated figure) Master of the Universe (1987) and now I am still revising (yay)! While Tarzan and Jane are playing with an orangutan, the music score is not bad at all, and occasionally it's a charming music playing game, but good vibes have been recovered by Bo. White and, deadly, John Derek is a clear disinterest of the nature of Tarzan itself, which promotes an unimportant character in his own movie.
