This television production featuring Susannah York and George C. Scott in the 1970s is another proof of the "Jane Eyre" screen, and how bad it can be done. It is true that the movie was transferred to the DVD. It was original to shorten some of the scenes and to make them so badly mistaken, there are many voices of continuity and a decisive scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence. ! Although editing is better, the movie would not be. The script is bad, the portrait of the characters is a lie about the novel and almost all the actors fail. As a result, there is no feeling of adapting Charlotte Brontë's adaptation. The problem is not only that some scenes are shortened or left out, that is, everything that happens in short adaptations, but the rest of the scenes nowhere tones the spirit, atmosphere, and concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> <br /> For example, Jane Eyre leaves Gateshead completely and begins to arrive at Jane Lowood. This is perfectly well, but because some scenes are inevitably left, it's not understandable, instead of taking time to portray the friendship of Jane's Helen instead of time (Helen's influence on Jane's development). A lecture on Christian estheticism taught by the professor focuses only on Helen's physical abuse, which is aimed at extreme absurdism. What Helen suffers is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard imagines it as a kind of sadic prison room, which deliberately wants to push Helen into early death. And this is all about what happens in Lowood. If you compare them to the novel with the profound effect of Lowood over the past few years, we'll regret that only the movie does not affect the surface of this event for Jane's life. And this is the whole adaptation problem: it brings scenes and scenes, often without transition, and nowhere is the approach of the novel closer. The dialogues are mixed with lines and lines of the line, very roughly, and the scenes of Jane and Rochester are so shortened, both together in love on the screen just 5 minutes and little together in the screen together. They do not have a conversation in the novel, the intensity, and the humorous conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter is not just about the injustice of Brontë's language, but also with a single sentence he established his own morality. After Rochester's wife and Rochester's wife, Rochester said: "However, I love you once (I love you) as I am now." Although all the moral concept of the novel was an innocent victim of an amoral Rochester scheme, however, he was trapped to marry a mad woman who never loved her and did not even ruthlessly seek the real partner. According to the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgiving! But this sentence is utterly weakened by Brontë's moral concept, and he becomes a dirty old Rochester who wants a new young woman, because the old man is no longer available. <br /> <br /> Errors. about the error of script about the questionnaire: I am not now acting in a physical resemblance to an actress and a literary figure, but no imagination is beautiful, blond, or blue. With Susannah York, he left open the plain hero of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was thirty when she filmed the movie and she looked. When he plays, the novel becomes an elegant, elegant and mature woman, shy young, respectful and inexperienced, Jane, who is completely sure of himself and his deserts. I do not say that Susannah York is not well-behaved and convincing, but the portrait woman is not Brontë's Jane Eyre. As George C. Scott Rochester had to throw aside, the 18-year-old difference was motivated by the desire of Rochester to be credible between Jane and Rochester. Scott looks like it's about 50, but plays like 70 scenes. <br /> <br /> It seems that the passion, desire, and desperation of the "maturity" of the main actors seem to be deliberately involved. Script. After the marriage, the scene between Jane and Rochester, the thrill of the novel, has become middle-aged and calm in between middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester is sleeping. The last scene When Jane returns, he loves grandfather, is as nice as his grandfather's favorite grandfather. The only person who shows the right amount of emotion is San Juan, among all people. Ian Bannen plays so passionately, and the eager claim to Jane's love is so bitter that Bann seemed to have shaped San Roque's novel of San Juan. Although Bann is well, John and Scott's Rochester in York are similar to their novel, San Juan. The only excep- tions of "disappointing Jane Eyre" are locations and punctuation, and I would recommend this production only for those who want to see and compare "Jane Eyre" adaptations.
