I always care about not allowing a movie to be instantly dissatisfied. Look out a month later and you can see it in another way or for over 50 years on another continent, and worshipers are noticing something unnoticed for the first time. When he was seated with Robert's Carmichael's Great Ecstasy when he premiered in the UK, it's not surprising that I found the question and answer session more interesting than the most interesting film. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), accompanied by the director and producer of the film, gave a great defense of a movie that had a general response to the audience. The Edinburgh Film Festival is not easily shocked. Only one person left it satisfied. The critics of the film are highly articulated and builders of the secular public and actors and M.A. including women who teach film directors. This was not a very "amazing" film. It was a continuous sexual violence, but it was much less than a lot of movies (most weapon contacts were hidden, as were the sexual organs). The audience did not like them in two hours, because the actors were not at high levels, where the plot was bad, predictable and drawn and where they were clumsy and unforgiving. The promise of a controversial movie. The Iraqi war metaphors, which are excessively underlined and erroneous (in addition to the general remarks about violence, there is also a deeper meaning); and 'fig-leaf' Markes de Sade, as a member of the audience, seems to be an apparent excuse to not develop in the plot of the end plot. <br /> <br /> We have a teenager's story. a certain amount for him (emphasized by his musical ability in school), but he takes drugs and does not have little or nothing of them, and young people spread violence and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a high level of violence inside him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not completely worthless. Does the audience have to decide how Robert has managed to do so: did he influence his classmates? Why did they cause the good concerns caused by parents and teachers to get closer to life? Cinematically, the scene is carefully mounted (hangs there, too, drugs, embarrassment, a hidden sense of morals or waiting for its turn). Some friends rape a woman in the back room, looking somewhat in the middle of the screen. In the foreground, a DJ is worried about the girl's scream lest her home-made music breaks down to her. In the end, it is a bit annoyed if their activities attract attention to the police. In addition to serious headphones that enjoy music, when it is well understood, there is a significant disruption to its rebellion. Robert leaves the foreground in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the movies, including allegedly high-level violence, but not realistic (but not realistic), are not included in this standard. Some have had a great deal of reaction before him (the filmmakers 'intention: "if they throw, we have created a reaction") but, above all, - and I know, the Edinburgh reactions seem to reflect Cannes' reports - they feel, "Why do programmers put us under the direction of this illness? " The director Clay Hugh may discuss the debate but not develop an artistic vision. Instead of lifting a life mirror to tell the truth about the things under the carpet, as well as its defense, because there is a small development on the plot, because it did not want to make a Hollywood movie, they are good responses to the critics. Unfortunately, they do not apply to the movie, when a mirror is lifted, while someone defrages or loses the movie with symbols that are played with symbols. If I wanted to try to question any questions, I gave them a few minutes after the screening, but I found it as annoying as his movie and I went to the bar where there was something more clear to clear the mouth. There are many truths. It is a matter of art to educate one another, to inspire another, to inspire another. I asked about some social or political agenda and mentioned one of Ken Loach's (unnecessary names) without accepting any agenda. He then says he's keeping his job going, it's true. I thought it was an ambitious project for a new director or an attempts to try to put him into charge of advertising for second-hand jobs <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could have had a can and an art that could paint a can. Clay Hughe wants to emulate eminent directors who have made controversial film and have driven their frontiers. Unfortunately, at this time its capability only extends to high-excellence excuses for making films for advertising.
