I do not know what movies filmed me dragged me, but in a few minutes I wanted to leave the theater. In the meantime, I expected that at least I should be amazed by the story, but then it was realized that it was time to lose it, there was nothing left there. I only stayed another show. <br /> <br /> Design: some designs were quite beautiful, especially the environment, but the characters were so great in animation and design. They're still very good - posters and images on the screen, but not when they're coming! They just do not work, especially the majority of the 3D companies that make the mistake: it is technically very difficult to really create natural 3D materials because they make you feel alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (that's why money), hair, skin, fabric, etc. To create something really cool in the movie. The characters in the movie were "cloth", and that was just that! Therefore, the cold feeling of the artificial computer was tightened or squeezed like a plastic piece. It simply did not have the feelings of a material, they are made of dolls (that's the nature of these characters). I think it's a great mistake when choosing this style for the characters. 3D shooting was just the feeling of a computer game. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, you do not know about it ... <br /> <br /> Animation was too shame. I'm a professional animation and I liked the low level of animation "9". It was tough, boring, almost imaginative or enthusiastic. I only saw a bit of the average 3D animation I saw, which does not add any good ... <br /> <br /> And all - bad design characters and bad animation can be solved in a good story, not even ?! That was not the case here. Actually, it was the worst thing in that movie. He was below every level. He starts straight forward, he continues and ends the same thing. No trip, no wonder, no good conversation, no development. We've heard and seen stories of machines that overwhelm humans a thousand times, and only one "9" is one of them, and we know how to end up in the first minute of that movie. The characters do not even get into the story - they are almost immediately shown and do some actions without knowing what happens. It just does not work. There are also sequential sequences of various actions that seem to have to fill a missing story ... <br /> <br /> Rhythm, sound and script - Oh, what can I do? He said it was pathetic. The wrong story has a bad script and "No, do not do it!" "I will!" "But ... you can not just do it!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must keep it!" etc etc., and it is always repeated, so these pathetically horrible conversations, apart from "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run!" and " OhOhh! " almost always running, running, or falling in the characters, and was also synchronized or pruned. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad performance, bad animation, bad sound, bad story. bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprise, nothing, nothing. Only good designs are worthless. BIG NO!
