Actually, I can not believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, I LOVE two people, sign up to produce this crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but, to be honest, I've been losing a bit of interest since his latest films have been remakes or adaptations. He created the "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I have watched several times as well as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow" movies. Bekmambetov LOVE has directed 3 directed films by Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I only saw these three, but they prove to be a great director. <br /> <br /> One of the two main reasons that produced both of these spectators. 9. So I saw today in the theater. I was so excited I finally saw. I waited seven months to get the movie out. <br /> <br /> This is the first time I've come up with films related to Tim Burton, and I'm saying "I'm not nearly alone". I felt the fray, so I felt. I would like to say that this film would have been a good watch with the producer and Bekmambetov. Right now, I still can not overcome how I left this movie. I did not see it before I saw the original short film, but now I can say that this movie was a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made the remake of Alive's Alive Super Remake remake in the 9th Region, what was so hard about 9 years ago? I really wanted to think that this movie was horrible. I really did But no, it has failed so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was very confusing and disrupted. I did not know what was going on, and even less was what it was. Basically, it is about a series of doll robots trying to make earthly salvation. Well, well, I have that. But writing here is very poor. The entire film goes with a 6-year-old, with A.D.D. Telling a story. There are 9 huge and huge giant robots, and it destroys them and destroys them. That's the nasty master. However, there is something wrong with this movie, which ALL reveals. There were too many robot monsters, most of them without logical explanations. They have 0 development I mean, as the monster's pterodactyls fly out of nowhere, we do not know where it comes from and what Acker expects us to be. They were more delayed with the eyes hypnotized by this snake-like creature. This description I hope someone else is lying aloud and not laughing. All three people said laughed. Oh, it covers the victims and inside them. I AM NO. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> III. What happened in the law is the most delayed aspect of the whole movie. So, he essentially woke up to the room when he woke up, said the box would find a scientist with a hologram 9, and said that he was designing the scary robot machine to land. He used to fight for war and helped defend the earth, but then the scientist gave 9 lives to help protect the world. AND SAYS USING A LIFE 9. But what about other robots? DO YOU KNOW YOU ???????? This is a malignant and fast writing. Only one of the devices that take life is in existence, and how did the other 8 get life? Characters are not like it. They risk life for no reason. The character is good 7. I was annoyed by 7 "BECAUSE BACK !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 evil criminals, 2 we do not know anything, 5 I was angry at "Are you sure ..." or "Can you stay here ...?" questions. And that end? UGH. I'm glad that I was not the only one who thinks that the WTF is a great moment. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to do with the beautiful animations around this turd. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, everything looks painful and depressing. However, beauty can not keep a good film. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is pretty nice, it's pretty pretty and has 9 thumbnails. I am sure that Burton fans play their plays, definitely, to see this movie and see the Bekmambetov's promotional names, to see the movie go to the theater. I know that I would like to do anything, but I realized how many films I hate with strangers, a style that does not exist on the plot and that of the content itself. This movie is one of those films.
