First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you have not heard the true story of Gram Parsons, then it seemed fun for him to be entertaining. Johnny Knoxville could not criticize Phil Kaufman for his performance. Looking at the ground and down is pretty good and you can create roots for all its suffering. Michael Shannon has the same reason for the same reasons as a hippy stoner. There are good scenes for individual comedies: hippy-hearse is included in the gateway to the airport hatchery. But good things end here, and we begin to see the aspects that are so disappointing in this movie. Gram Forster's character is a true Gram-maker to overthrow the whole movie. We all know that his true father committed suicide when he was young - something that could be compared to a better filmmaker in the face of Gram's life. Forster was to be a true father of his father, and not his customs would be enough for a father, unless it was not for Grams to grasp his body with the familiar difficulties he faced. It is a suggestion that his father step down to the fact that Gramen's mother had offered him alcohol to die, and when he was angry at this Gram, he learned later. Also, the controversy surrounding Gram's body would surely be a good reason to be a pair of couples and heartburns, but then allow them to progress through smoking. Whatever the truth of the man that Gram has achieved with the name Parsons, Forster's character does not resemble that, and it's hard to explain why this role was written. Later, Christina Applegate assumes that the cock is hard (still very nice), so Gram's body wants to go back to start paying for their assets. His character and performance do not exist and the director does not know why he goes to the scene of a girl who plays txakoli and Kaufman's girlfriend. more). When you think about the ingredients that can be used in a good movie on Parsons, the shortcomings of this movie can easily be seen. Country music changed, a polite and pretty man, a southern knight - a long hair, a loving drug and a lady, and eventually a destructive car. Real events, such as the roof cover and the painted fireplace and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, Kaufman must be involved in the life of Gram. Kaufman, of course, still raises the status he is worshiping, according to what he did (undoubtedly little worship). In conversations it is clear that he enjoys great care. Remember this man made a comment on the non-genital genitals of Gram Parsons. He was not a loyal act, but he did not have an alcoholic getaway. Knoxville and the director in conversations, some things are also clear. It's clear that they do not understand the story of Gram's life, and they did not want to. They want a hit movie about a bad and crazy event. Life was amazing with a strange ending. This conclusion is what shows the only thing that covers this film so that Gram Parsons understands it.
