If you're the last fan of Gram Parsons, it definitely breaks the movie! A part of the comedy, the road movie part, but especially the bad fiction of one of the most bizarre stories of rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS - <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Phil, the story, Phil is known as the road. Kaufman (interpreted by Johnny Knoxville), "believed" an alliance with the Gram / Parsons rock / country / folk music hero, one of them when he first died (it did not matter) was another way of life to bring the dead to the wilderness , To be an accurate participation in the Joshua Tree National Park in California, and to astonish the body ... to release the spirit and convert it into the earth, and so on! Without a doubt, the surplus of Kaufman is to keep his word, self-hated, with the help of a pot-head, who plays Parsons with his body, who had previously had a drug reaction and abuse from the airport. Shortly afterwards, it is a wonderful combination of fiction and truth, the last girlfriend of Parsons, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons's facial dad, and the police and other unconquered character idiots. to talk), trying to capture Kaufman and his friends, before Parsons can get rid of the body! <br /> <br /> The director of the film, bad performance and uncomfortable tones, generally, sinks the movie faster than Titanic. And, indeed, this movie does not even tell the truth of the events that occurred in the middle. The details that should be replaced by the measures specified: Number 1: Parsons was killed and he was also a child, so that the girlfriend was the hell with that. and tracking and otherwise ?, Number 2. Kaufman's drugstore was a well-known participant (not as much as trying to retrace the movie) to get rid of Parson's body, and eventually number 3. When Parsons's father was a real father, he was the father of Parson, who was able to look after Gram Parsons, who was honestly caring for him, after he had been burned down. However, I'm really worried about the fact that this movie really affects Phil Kaufman could really help the story's story. However, the movie is over so fake and so bad that it really is! <br /> <br /> As previously mentioned movie, Johnny Knoxville (Ultra-Radical) (Phil Kaufman) is the ultramodelist, not a bad actress, but it may seem really. Most sleeping movies and the rest of the pathetic nature are often hysterical, brain-dead, or they seem to be completely telling you what they are doing first and foremost! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville or try out bad-not-so-good friends, I think you're just throwing this movie out! But if you're just like me and you're the last fan of Gram Parsons, they can really enjoy the movies, especially if they're based on a real life story or just like good movies, play movies, or fictional portraits. You will be able to advise this film and the advice of others. Of course, I hated this film and I never wanted to do it first, but since I had done it I would like it to be different, unfortunately! Perhaps the true story of the story will be a great biopic on all the lives of Gram Parsons ... it's not just about what happened to his body when he left his mind. Until then, we've all become an audience, and the fans of the latest performance are a dull waste of these films and Gram-Parsons is a huge reminder of the musical legacy that was behind him. . It should also be noted that they have used Parsons music, and others on the flick, but it's not surprising that you will never hear it enough to really enjoy it. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
