Effective truths are completely simplistic and demagogic, as the slope of the turgidity created by angry and foolish Republicans will immerse themselves in intangible lines until they try to flush something on your face. There is no doubt, but who cares, human beings are destitute and destitute. Actually, I do not waste my time on the human disappearance. I call it "natural progression". In order to start the apocalypse, we must listen to the same brave and cheerful politicians who propose a "new society", of course, do not be fooled, but we will still control the rich, those who created power and disaster. Nothing will change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, his hypocrisy is quite clear in the film, while he is transporting gas that he uses only through a gas consumer, he lives in terrific acres. In a relatively spacious house, the land was used for destructive erosion, cattle, tobacco, pork farming (taking into account the remains of methane gas) and who knows more about the exploitation of their wealth, delights and large investments. The world's leading company with controversial records. I do not think that this man is capable of talking a wonderful thing, but his prestige is based on contradicting his playful political party, which is all that is at the same time eminently influencing those politicians and politicians so incredible. Is this nail a comfortable life and still African-speaking poor teachers to cut and burn crops and techniques? He travels all over the world in the pumps of the fuel rumors, which he uses in documentary-based products, but he believes he is a "moral problem." He has been absorbed in his dream dreams, but has come to the conclusion that his death as a result of his sister's death (tobacco-like cancer and his son's death as a result of the death of a car). Has it fought against the tobacco companies or the banning of automobiles that the machine is dangerous? NO. Everything needs to be served "economy", so why it's different, there is no answer. <br /> <br /> The lying and exhausted efforts of his humanistic philosophy are disastrous, while all this is being filmed in the woods. or, in a small river, excluding outdated life, confirming the quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you live like ordinary people? He is a politician, plain and simple, with a career in power structure. The question is: why is it not complicated by the powerful industrial nations of the earth to blame most of the complications? It does not do it because "investments, stocks and corporations" are not reasonably absurd <br /> <br /> <br /> Al Gorek offers a talk about the monotonous document, that is, rich public and Directed to the rich While throwing applause, graphical graphics, numbers and percentages, and speaking sadly, Harvard (the controller of the elites) can not make sense without education, but he says that he will go to hell. There is no joke, but I think that this is a problem that capitalizes on the approach taken by capitalism, that is to say, at disposal and waste. Ever industrialization has never referred to how it has created such problems, it wants to put soft bends on its feet, but it does not stop the oppressive system. It is clear that it has been damaged, sent to schools for the elites and the same basic policy policy that no one else in Washington was a politician without insolence. Anyone who made this propaganda, unlike the Republicans, had only the goals that led to the impulse of capitalism. That is to say, somebody will benefit and it seems that the "green capital" of the companies that purchase the territory of development of utopian future " It's an old story, who believes in the elite Al Gore structure, really believes that there is a "democracy" in the U.S., very naïve. If we do not pay for oil companies, we will pay wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> In the end, the conversation is pretty clear, according to the GW line. Bushe, in 1990, people who joined the defeat of the community would say "unite people" by uniting people with "heated people", but does not try to think about basic emotions. As he said, he did not understand that communism in the world never existed, as the European and SESB systems were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, different from those that did not control US interests. Social ecology was not mentioned here, that is, really a transvestite. If you want to change the world, wealth, exploitation and violence based on obsolete systems must be thrown out.
