Well maybe the PC version of this game was awesome. Maybe I've just finished reproducing the PS2 version and it's a whole mess. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of good or promising items. I'll first mention them first. First of all, GTA is an excellent idea of ​​a historical game. Game Gun GTA was a similar historical game and unlike the Mafia, it was an excellent Gun. I would like to see a game that's right for the Mafia. Then the story is well written. The story is sensible, it has a dramatic arc, it uses an unusual device (a great part of the game is backstory) and it's interesting. In the end, some of the graphics, especially those used in engraving, are spectacular. The designers of the Mafia seemed to find graphics in places where the GTA focused on this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately in many other areas, the graphics are odd, and I prefer a great game with cartoon games. <br /> <br /> That player's titles is so small. First, the controls and the camera are fully sucked. That must be for any developer of the game. You can not control and / or release a game that sucks the camera. The first number, there is no reason for the player's character, Tom, the whole movement that controls the analogous left stick. If it is not necessary, and if it is hardly ever, I am hated by the configuration of the left mouse stick character "strafing" and only the character can turn on the analog stick right. Here, it's not just useless, it makes most simple actions a challenge. For example, Tom needs to go on a couple of missions. But the game is so badly designed that you can use the right analog stick and your camera to handle and press L1 every time you climb, or Tom will go down. <br /> <br /> Next, I did not see a fierce fight system. The first problem can not be automatically blocked or blocked. Initially, it seems that you can use the game L2 or R2 to block targets, but that has never worked. So, to focus on any enemy, you must fight with the analogous right-handed analog machine and try to adjust the orientation of the character and the camera, which goes wrong with the disappearance of an angle or the disappearance of Tom. By then, you're probably getting killed or killed. <br /> <br /> Next, if you touch an enemy or you almost touch it, this will undoubtedly happen in the manual battle. or when using head-and-arms weapons, the fighting system consists in hanging or exploiting R1 completely for nothing. Enemies may burst the bear in almost a hug, but you can not move if you do not return. Strict wrestling is so much in the analog stick left, when the character cries out, that 50% of the time does not go away, and when R1 touches the enemy as much as possible. and makes R1 useless. And if the enemy changes your angle periodically, you will also fight your analog stick right so that you can focus on your character and get the camera position. By then, you will probably be shot again, and your only chance will be to try to get away from the character again. In my struggles, Tom often made a circle, around a comedy movie, he would have enough time to fight with the analog and before he had a few shots before being AI's compassion. For so much realistic combat. <br /> <br /> And there are the same problems and more when trying to fight with a gun. If somebody touches it, only half of the controller will allow you to shoot, but still guessed with holes. Furthermore, there is no self-targeting, and the goals are a ridiculous, sensitive system, even though the sensitivity of Options zero. Gunfights desperately aim at you or you move away while you try to shoot the enemy while you shoot. Fortunately or not, the damage seems almost random. The character can disable ten or more shots that can not be disabled, and it's not his rhyme or reason. You'll put five shots in the head of an enemy and put them in the empty space and fire will come back and wound you. However, it seems that the designer of the game was quite careful about realism, they built a challenge in your target system, so after shooting powerful enough tracks, your goal is to float, and you will have to fight again. > <br /> As far as the celebrities' graphics are concerned, except for the characters and textures that are near you, they are quite depressing. The distance is always empty, and when you drive, flat colors and textures are spreading. The city was not well designed. It's not quite diverse, and there's not a lot of interesting things to see or do. Cars seem to be slow and difficult to control. They also drive on them as well. Some have mentioned music, but this is not quite indeterminate. To do so, much better work could be done. Additionally, as many others have mentioned, the load times are ridiculous and constant. It's a minute longer and they all occur in the middle of everything - even races. <br /> <br /> In general, it seems that the Mafia PS2 port runs at least. He feels the game and plays a complete theater job.
