If the myth about the smashed mirrors were accurate, all those who take part in this production would have a bad luck about 170 years ago, since there are many mirrors here. If the script was as huge as the glass, "The Broken" would be an excellent movie. Now, unfortunately, a feature, feature, and dull film is just some remarkable ideas and some memorable sequences. Sean Ellis had a very elegant and stylish film, but the story is short and the logic and explanation is not very frustrating. I talked with a friend about the basic concept of the film and "meaning". Ellis thinks he has found the source of inspiration, in an old legend that says that watching your dongler is predicting what is dying. Interesting theory, but I do not know this legend and I have not found anything like that on the Internet. Personally, I think another "The Broken" is another change in the subject of "Invasion of the Snatchers", but without any foreign interference. "The Broken" is directed to the American family McVey, London and especially Gina. A mirror breaks down on the birthday celebration, which starts all mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina drives in a car and her mirror image continues to be an apartment building. While driving in mental distress, he creates a terrible accident and ends at the hospital. When excluded, Gina feels that her whole environment is changing. He is no longer familiar with his boyfriend, and the unknown parts of the accident continue to blink in his eyes. Is the mental intelligence caused by the accident or does it undergo a supernatural conspiracy? Sean Ellis, the writer and director, definitely calls her curiosity and feeling in her script, but unfortunately she fails to work on them. "The Broken" is really atmospheric and elegant, but after half an hour of the movie, you get a painful result because it continues to be a beautiful but empty package. In this fake movie, "fake" suspense is a great song. This means that increasing tension, disturbing music and mysterious camera cameras has not happened until now. Truly mysteriously, these tricks are no more terrifying. Here are some of my reviewers in comparison to the film and especially Sean Ellis's style with David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock's repertoires, but is that so? Too much honor PS: what happens with spelling replacement; With Scandinavian "ø"
