This movie is boring, distilled and not bored. We did not know anything before I got into the dark room, I sat down. I think I was fascinated with the image of "mysterious and desolate" in the poster. Also, Lena Headey is pretty and non-consensus sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a trusted man around, so cast seemed presumptuous. Perhaps he was convinced by his title as above the title. I would have to see Valkyrie for the second time. <br /> <br /> Gone McVey, his boyfriend, his father, his sister and his sister's husband Headley, are for a few reasons. a very sad and enthusiastic way, arising from mirrors that break into mysterious dragonfighters. Beyond this idea, there could be a big movie (it's not exactly the original idea, it's obvious, but still ...) and, in fact, if filmmakers suck all the supporters and stuck the story of Headey's character, The Broken might be. I have made reasonable 20 minutes short. It is, desperately, boring, and boring. <br /> <br /> For example, in a scene, a mirror breaks itself into a room of the main characters; They seem surprised, but they quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror breaks into a vacuum room, and a dashboard is visible, as the pieces hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror break out? Just a little emotion? The scenes of the characters are too much in London's darkweight, and they hear something they look through the corners, but see nothing there and move forward. We start wondering why he never wants to be afraid of this nasty dagger? You have the opportunity to scare people and frighten the audience. But, we need audiences to hurt each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to be a thrill during Broken. By the way, after spending time with these wicked people, we are completely afraid of why someone is afraid of being afraid: they are standing up, the faces are empty, maybe they will be totally dangerous to others. <br /> <br /> If you are kind and touching, I would say that Sean Ellis's director would create a mysterious and mysterious mystery next time he should hire an imaginative screenwriter.
