This movie can be used in film classes to write "B-Movie", not how to write it. A B-movie has its own constraints: budgets are tight, precious times (in 8 days a scarecle appeared) and the actors are green and inexperienced. The only thing you control before is to write the best script written within the previously written limits. The Scarecrow script has been drunk. I could go through fifteen examples of the foolish handwriting of this movie, but I will mention: Gravedigger. Surrounding character entered the movie for about an hour. Apparently, the movie is no longer linked to other characters. She will be shown with her daughter, someone else who is not related to the movie. The savage gives two scenes to make him lucid and then dies to extract the body count. Why give a daughter a daughter to the side? Why give daughter boyfriend? Why introduce them so late in the movie? Why not try to enter the ongoing story? The txorimaloa does not care. <br /> <br /> <br /> The "story" of the Scarecrow is something like this: Lester is a high school child (who would be the first to play the actors and whom I would enjoy). 30) Who is the choice of other children. He is an artist who draws birds and condemns a classmate named Judy. She is a slut of her mother and the town. A reprehensive friend laughs at his drawings (drawing birds by calling them "fagots" called "monsters and cowboys"). A high school student still has a draw drawing for sailors. High school student, and later, dies at Lester, under the chalkboard. Magically, Lester's soul enters the scarecrow. In a way, this transfer changes from a Lester soul artist to a deep gymnast (I know some scandalous reviews I call a Kung-Fu scarecrow. I do not agree. He plays the rocks on the floor with the scarecrow before he leaps in the truck, the main movie). Then he continues to kill those who kill murderers, who smoke on the cornflakes, who take tombs, children of tombs, about the movies that appeared to anyone. <br /> <br /> DVD bonus features should be mentioned. The director (Frenchman) makes a solid version of rap music, he admits that he does not have to put around the executives, because his wife works for a quote and lives (and I'm paraphrased): "Life is not a bitch, but it has a big donkey" < br /> <br /> I saw the number of beans while I watched the movie: 5 Did it help: There is no need for beer to enjoy this movie: Drinking drink drink level.
