The worst movie ever I've ever seen. And I do not exaggerate. In fact, I recommend watching it, so that Showgirls can get as credible a sensation as you can see. <br /> <br /> From 400 votes, the movie gets a rating of 5.3 / 10 users. But, roughly, there is an incorrect number of voters 10/10, which is probably the message of the film - nuclear weapons are an obstacle to mankind. Chuck Murdock is a small baseball player and there are nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is a great star Boston Celtic, inspired by the Chucken story and leaves basketball. Shortly afterwards, all sports leagues go from school to high school and higher education in a worldwide protest. Later, all the children in the world strike silence. This encourages the United States President to meet with the Soviet sovereign, in time to agree to eliminate nuclear weapons in time at the beginning of the next league season. The film ends with Chuck to release the first pitch, the Lehendakari asks Chuck for the best friend not to say that he feeds the batter once he feeds, because he does not throw a baseball for a year. <br /> <br /> Amazing Grace kills amazing player online. When the President has found out, the FBI is said to be a murderer, but he can never prove it. So the president has called him the boss of the underworld ("But I am one" "I do not like it, take it on the line") and tell him that he has to resign his business and sell and sell beings. has it. Retake the line no further. <br /> <br /> Honestly, the movie was so wonderful, I could not shut it off. It was on TV from 2:30 am to 4:00 pm and I saw everything. I did not deactivate the propaganda against Nuclear Weapons. I turned off the false discord of all organized sports. I do not know why they killed "Amazing Grace" Smith. And all these famous athletes have come to be friends of Chucken, why his father was constantly distressed by taking on his son's standard principle. And at the end there was a momentary moment, when my father says with Chuck, "I never said this, but I'm proud of you." Cue embrace.
