... Both are pretty bad. The best part of the film is the image of the imperial figure at the top of the stairs of Faye Dunaway. It seems that this image could easily be taken out, as if someone had taken the blood away from it and looked at it as if nothing had happened. Now you know a piece of antique furniture in the film. <br /> <br /> I confess that I paid $ 30 for the DVD for Faye Dunaway to see it in contemporary horror film. You know what you're thinking about, just 30 dollars in a black hole. And you would be completely correct. This movie is horrible. There it is open. I expected some real dread and wait and wait and wait. No one came. Korbak (a hairy makeup probably) did not scare me, I was not afraid of seeing small parts of my inner organs, and Faye did not scare me too much. I'm not daring, I know, so the problem should be the same movie. Even more, Jennifer was not afraid. The internal organs were literally falling and seemed more than anything worse. His life was quickly finished and he is worried about getting more money. Honey, you can not take any money! "I need money," he says continuously, although the lungs have not stopped working and it has not stopped paying attention to it. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the whole movie was asking me what happened to my grandmother (Faye). . At first I was suspicious, playing with Faye and her grandmother, and I was still suspicious at the end. There is a relative relationship between Jennifer and Mary Ellen, Grandmother-From-Hell, for a temporary sharing, and I think the grandmother is the same generation as that. Here is a strange part: the relative seems to have had a feast of his eight hundred years. Mary Ellen seems to have managed to get her face lift by a famous surgeon. Face lifts can not do wonders, but I think that Faye is important in the rice punch. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family causes a bad illness ... Sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, there are all the diseases that fail and eventually dissolve the organs. Yuck, right? It is interesting that Mary Ellen is alive and she has all her organs. How did the Family Curse Avoid? Something happens, of course. <br /> <br /> Another reason for losing thirty dollars - this movie is a landscape of all my films. I mention the last double. This movie ends two times. I totally hate it when that happens, and in this film the director seems to have filmed for the end, I did not like it and I forgot to edit it. I think they think it's terrifying, but only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is an advantage over this discussion, but it's a reason I bought the DVD. The "filmmaker" commentary on Faye Dunaway and I wanted to see how I played the unrettered lines. Guess what - I sucked the movie so bad I could not sit back. Drat.
