The night of Kometas begins to prepare for the rest of the world throughout life, passing more than 65 million years of comet. Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) will not only watch the show but she decides to spend the night with Larry Dupree film projector (Michael Bowen) ... The next day they wake up and Larry wakes up while trying to leave the cinema and kill a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina But he escaped to find out that all of his planet had become reddish powders. Almost everyone is the only survivor due to their unbelievable coincidence that their sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney) has come to look for the survivors, and they meet a long-distance truck called Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, the evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to convert them into a powder and make it look like the peace lenders ... <br /> <br /> I found written and directed Thom Eberhardt, a pretty nice experience on the night of Komet I am impressed with the number of positive comments on the IMDb, which is why I thought that you were never boring to be boring. The script starts 100 miles a mile away with the destruction of the entire Earth population and a zombie attack, but then it goes completely now and then eventually introduces the evil scientist's blood at the end of the film. run course They are also soils, scientists want blood for the reason why they shot three or four gang members and keep the two sisters giving their blood their experiments, stating that they only need to kill and almost suicidal they need blood to cure, it does not make sense to say what you want to kill If you need to experiment with human blood, do five or six donors give blood or two? I do not have two sisters surviving independently from each other, what do I mean against it? When the scientist is first met with the scientist, he never says whether he mentioned Samantha or where he was underground or underground in Regina when he committed suicide, so how did Hector know these things? Also, from the first twenty minutes, I thought the movies slowed down to the rhythm of the snails and seeing it became very boring and dull, after hearing so much about it, Night of the Comet is more boring than me. <br /> <br /> <br /> The director of Eberhardt does a good job, he likes the color of the film with a colorful red sky and creates a really fresh insulation environment. Unfortunately, there are many shots of empty streets, empty streets, empty roads and abandoned buildings that are constantly assembled and very repetitive and dull. Well, we do not get that anybody is there, so we do not have to continue to throw bins. Zombies are completely wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the film, which is also two zombies, but there are a couple of nightmare scenes. The night of Kometas pays tribute to, or rather, the diversion of other films, such as the compulsory ending of the commercial world of Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any blood or gore in any way. <br /> <br /> Technically, the comet's night is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough, and the production team has been very good at closing the streets. The play was good for Maroney Samantha, because her blonde blonde was very angry. <br /> <br /> The night of Kometas was a great disappointment for me, I expected much more. Persoanlly I found this film a dull, boring, unusual and puke-inducing sequence, where the sister goes to 'The Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Melody Shopping' is probably the worst moment in the film. I'm very bad and I do not know why so many people like that will be so confused, so you can start taking abuse ...
