I think an applause is anyone who has picked up the latest version of 'The Return' from Rogue Pictures. I think myself, together with others, a horror movie. On the other hand, it is a supernatural thriller. Very bad is not exciting. <br /> <br /> <br /> 'Return' Sarah Michelle Gellar is Joanna Mills, a young woman with personal problems since the age of thirteen. At that time, he never met the horrific visions of a murder of a woman he met. In Texas, he travels to the native city of La Salle. In it, his face appears frequently with a person who has appeared in his visions. A man named Terry Stahl, who plays Peter O'Brien. Joanna is looking for a desperate search. Eventually the search could be the result of his murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to go. What do I have to mention first? A horrible act, a terribly stupid or stupid story? I do not know what I choose for my point: they just suck. Adam Sussman's script is horrible. It's not interesting. It's not compelling. Its unpleasant common. I'm waiting for something to start with "Film" (I have put around the movies, I do not think it's worth a "return" for the actual movie because it's worth a real movie for me) and at least give it a little bit of a chance. hopefully, but nothing happened. I stopped to stop the unbearable cold. The agents did not save their catastrophic star show. Of course, they would know that they read the script and then agreed to "film". I think that's why it's awesome. At least I'm just believing. I really hope that the casts do not boast of themselves. They need immediate medical attention, if applicable. <br /> <br /> Now it was a bad management, but I can not completely crucify Asif Kapadia. (I could well but not since I'm kind of kind.) I look at the chapter 'The Return' in Kapadia's test, to all who do not know, this is his first length. "movie" function. The door is coming out and still learning. The next time around, the next time it's going, it will improve a lot. The only thing that was possible here was Marcus Nispel's 2003 bling of the visual style of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". Now a nice "movie" was given to her, but unfortunately he still has not been happy with me. I think it's worth nothing to copy someone else's work. (Even though I had a great movie that I enjoyed). <br /> <br /> I think that the reuse of Americans in 'Pulse' by Jim Sonzer must overcome the title of the Best Film of the Year. Return Without a doubt, it deserves a title in almost all imaginary ways. Now I do not question that small they will do, and I want to say it's a very small win. However, he does not pass the successful success of Gellar's success, nor a parallel "paralel". In that note, it is one of the last things I wanted to add. I can hardly say that I am not ashamed to leave it in the theater auditorium and see "return". I never want to experiment again, even the "movie".
