The little mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I apologize, however, that Disney confused everything this way. I concede that it has good points. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clear and clear. There is humor, I am sure - I do not remember, after seeing it, I immediately forbid it from appearing before my eyes. The worst part of this movie is the plot. In this movie, Ariel becomes his father. He forbids her daughter to be close to the sea (and not afraid), as the territory was forbidden to go near. Personally, I think, according to the past, that Ariel would maintain some of his sharp ways and would not treat him as his own daughter. <br /> <br /> In fact, Ursula was not terrified and pathetic. a sea witch (goat, forgotten, terrifying). He also has little to offer himself, but he is not terrifying or worse than Ursula. The Ursula harmed us with credibility for wickedness. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make things worse, Flounder is a polite and voiced dad (we do not know everyone and we're pretty guppy) and Eric does not do that. the actress herself (always threatening me in a remake / sequel). (The inequality of the voice was obvious to me, of course!) The only reason why this film was made was that Disney would have been able to catch some dollars quickly, which hates thinking about a corporation that really likes me. This plot lacked my imagination. I know that this action (following a parent's footsteps by the child) occurs, but Ariel was different. That loved us so much. He had a dream, he fell in love and that dream became a truth. Until this movie appeared. He then became like another adult. I do not know this Ariel. And I do not like it. <br /> <br /> I know that I know some kids like this movie and I do not know adults too. But for me, and all of you who are most fond of Ariel, do not miss this movie. We know that Ariello dies from the inside, only one or two songs are revived, and in the end there is not a bad scene in the end (where water is allowed again), although it is the smallest part of the end.
