I loved the Little Mermaid. I know songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say something like this about Sirenatx II: Return to the sea. It was horrible. Let's get started with the story. Earth changed the first movie. Except the same for the opposite. Ariel wanted to live the land, wants to live on his daughter's Melody (creative name). Ariel Ursula deceived, deceived Morgana's goat's melody. She had an Ursula sister? I do not know where it came from. In addition to being a strange copy of the first movie, this plot of film was tired and I was not interested in the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened? !! The first movie I've ever met and the most adolescent we love has never "grown up" and fled his personality. Jodia Benson was said to be a bit more talented than being songs or songs so useless as her voice songs. 2. Eric Prince - Although he did not have a great personality as the first movie, like all Disney princes, his new voice and some of his lines were robbed in some way. Finally, it seems that he can not defend himself, and Ariel is one of those two. 3. Sebastian - Say the first movie was the fairy crustacean, because a loud and sharp little crutch took his place. He also had no good songs in this movie. In the first film he has singing almost incredible songs "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl", and he is very sad. 4. Over water! It's no longer nice, his voice is awful and now he has children? Who is my mother? 5. Morgana - Ursula's sister seems to be a vengeance for her mother, who always gathers Ursula. Therefore, the Trident king Trident wants to become a new authority of the sea. Do you know? However, the topic is very bad and Ursula's greatness is missing as a criminal. The epic failing with sorcery, but not very hard, and does not threaten it. 6. Melody - Ariel and daughter Eric. Ironic, unlike Ariel, can not sing. His voice is annoying, his friends (walnuts and penguins really?) Are not funny or pleasant, and Ariel is as equal as the other, and not as pleasant as vice. Skip this. Do not miss out on Disney sequels, except Lion King 2. This movie has won the classic that lives in all our pleasing memories. I'll look back on this movie and laugh.
