Well, for a long time, Disney's enthusiast, a direct Disney live film. Walt did not believe. She finally believed she had lived "ETA HAPPILY EVER after after". But this ... it has actually been marked by Taco. There were many reproductions of Disney films, it was not fun. Short summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, Ariel and Prince, daughter. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who is essentially Ursula, green and Ally Macbeal's starvation diet) will appear, and after the rejection of her newborn, she loses her personality. After that interval, Ariel is like her father and does not tell Melody about her mammal heritage, and will later ban her from approaching the sea. Well, surprise surprise. Melody finds himself, she's a dog, and runs away, and then makes an agreement with Morgan to be a mermaid, something in return. (Gee is unknown?) Becomes one, but he has half a vault to retrieve his grandfather Trident and he will return to the sea witch. While doing so, he takes out a couple of animals, penguins and limbs, and pumb - huh? wait ... no! It's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? I could not fool you. In any case, I'd like to show more, but what happens is much more. Ok ... long story. This movie in "Disney" in other films (it's much borrowed) ... and it's terrific. Come ... Tip and Dash? Why do not you make Dash turn badly flatulent and make it worse! Ugh. It's worth mentioning, the whole butcher's character of Ariel. She has been a freelance and non-foolish woman since her father has gone to the clone. It's not a good thing ... we're basically telling us that we're growing sweet little siren and love is dead. Besides, Melody himself does not have a great character, either ... he's damn! And bratty! Not to mention Flounder. Well ... however, if you decide not to see non-profit motives, especially non-profit, Eisner-protected c ****** t, maybe maybe 'Disney art channels or other television. In fact, it is not worth the price of rent too. <br /> <br /> * ***** from the stars.
