I think Temple Matthews has given him a remake, although it's a bit of a change, to make it worse. SPOILERS: It's similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgan runs away, but Melody keeps the command to take them away. She had an Ursula sister! And it's not so evil that Ursula. That is, similarity exists. Medol is keeping her from the sea until she is captured by Morgana, but she does not know about it, but everything that happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace and keeps the morgana. Every day, it goes under the wall, talking with the bath and Sebastian, which is not as funny or fun as the original. On top of the name, he finds a shore, escapes from home and finds answers and finds Morga. Here's a similarity; Morgan makes Melody trick and makes her mermaid happy. Meanwhile, they're looking for Eric, Melody and King Triton. To keep Mermaid it must stolen the Trident trident. So Melody does, because he does not know why Triton's king is his father. He works with friends with a penguin and a mother, and here is where it is terrifying. Penguins that live with them hate them in a frozen ocean, because they are cowards. They are trying to prove that they are heroes and they fail. This is not suited to the little mermaid. And in the conversations between penguins and these two characters the ear is bleeding. do you know why? The former had a great story. This is not and is not magical. The conclusion is just one example that shows that they are so bad. <br /> <br /> Melody finds herself helping herself to take her to the Atlantic. When they take Trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgan. Melody is angry from keeping the sea from the sea, giving the trident Morgan, and then showing her true colors after capturing him. They care for poor Ariel and Melody. Penguins and tricks prove themselves when they fight with Morgan's shark friend. Sorry, I did not mention it anymore. They finally prove it. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers have arrived, but they need to bend down Morgan's face with the trident's power. Melody takes it to Triton and smells Morgana (literally). Then Ariel asks for forgiveness of Melody and believes that he is guilty. It was not! Ariel has made the right thing to protect Melody, but never said. Triton offers Melody to live on the sea or on the ground. In fact, it has a "better idea". He uses Tridentae so that the walls evaporate to humans and men. Then everyone sing a horrible song. CLOSED. <br /> <br /> Those who like to see it and those who like it do not see the original. I do not like being a teenager. I liked it very little. When I was older I saw the wrong thing about this movie. They will enjoy young children and youngsters, but it is likely that they will forget about when they are at the primary school. Usually, I think I have tried a movie and I remembered it better than I did when I saw it again, but not this one. Even worse. Story is no exception. If you have thought, if you read the story is good, read more about this comment and you will discover other bad points: Well, now you know the story. I'm sorry to have ruined you, but I have to point out the bad parts of it. The worst thing is animation. Color is horrible She had a beautiful original color. I wanted to see it almost blind. Illustrations and landscape design were also not good. The original was a beautiful and magical drawing and designed beautiful underwater landscapes and also lands, to see joy. <br /> <br /> Music is unbearable. Compared to the first one, music is the same. The songs are not well-composed and Tara Strong (I think his name is) who can sing Melody. Sometimes he sung too high or did not follow the melody of the song. More than being a melody. Music is not beautiful or moving. 1 The Little Mermaid Wins an Oscar and Worth It. This deserved musical score was worth the worst in a sequel, if any. <br /> <br /> I do not like the voices. The first characters played different people. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but when he's older, when he has no crime, his voice is very deep and not so beautiful. And I am really disappointed with some of her and some of her, for being part of it. If it was chosen for this movie, I can say it would be a bad movie when reading the script. The characters are different now. Ariel is now more wise, but it is annoying. They have overcome their own nature, with maturity increasing. In the following you will not change the characters except for special reasons. He was sixteen years old. Rarely changing That's when you become a person of the rest of your life. Scriptwriters should think. They should think the character. <br /> <br /> Well, that's it for me. I hope that my comment is valid, I am sure that I agree with your agreement.
