I want to see every one I want to watch this movie. If you take the first movie and reverse the line (the ariel wants to get out of the sea, the daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give new animals and new names and then give them some lively animation. The biggest wood factor, it is possible, you get a little siren 2. It's basically a reverse plot with a copy of the first movie. I will step by step in fear. The first movie is people: First, Prince Prince is still a good prince, with three lines in all films. Ariel is angry and angry, and it is not the sharp and powerful spirit we saw in the 1st. It's the opposite. Sebastian is still a little soft but less than credible, and jokes are just fun. Flounder has about 2 lines. She has children now and her nose talks with her voice. Scuttle is still not a fun mute mess. King Triton's character is probably the best, but his daughter, Melody, keeps fear and love. Ariel and Prince Eric do not appear about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As they say, they used and copied the characters from the first film. That's what they did: Ursula. Morgana, Ursula's sister, is a bit wicked, she always feels that she lived in the shadow of the Ursula. I would not be afraid of a knife coming out of my door. It can not correct anything and it's a failure. He has made the same voice. Sebastian & Flounder - Safer friends, Tip & Dash, have replaced dogs and penguins. They try to be a hero, but they always try to fail. The plot is so predictable. Finally they become heroes. Yawn Flatson & Jetsom- Now a shark is replaced by triton that turned roughly 10x. It's very bad. Morgan and sharks (little girls, I think the name) have no chemical, no good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid, beautiful daughter, replaced the tune. Melody can not be sung, her voice should be eight inches higher than two, and she puts her face on her face with sweet sugar. He wants to go to the sea, he is evil and the children laugh at him, he needs to find himself. turn around <br /> <br /> It's not a boring and strange movie, when you see this movie so bad it is so simple that you see it. You want to make some parts of the movie up for Disney and why you want to make it a great sequel to this amazing movie. <br /> <br /> Basically, the little mermaid is compared to 2 mermaid. Similar to Ed Wood and Casablanca. Never see this or even get bored.
