.... mixing a dozen best films. Especially Steven Martin's "LA Story", at least as a fictional grace, had her girlfriend starred in her girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive girls and daughters. "Dates" is a mockumentary, although I am not entirely sure when Myles Berkowitz was planning to start. In my opinion, the project began to develop slowly, and soon became aware that it was pathetic and not fun unless there were more and more ridiculous situations. As a result, all things have an alarming, cheap and convincing feeling. <br /> <br /> As someone has pointed out in a clear way, the movie has called for "dates" and orders Myles to keep it up and still appear in the movie, which would be impossible in the way it would be allowed. It seems that most of the "dates" appear to be professional actors (non-commercials are not famous, except Tina Carrere). In front of the camera, they are simply very smooth, polished, thin and comfortable. have civilian averages. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake, but instead gives this thin very fine actress a classic mistake, instead of using more believable women, perhaps the premise (even mockumentary) could be more believable and fun. He definitely skates about his real-world problem, which is both the film's character and the true world of Myles Berkowitz, seems to be a functional one for unemployment (his real IMDb credits do not exist, except this one). In the film world, his ex-wife divorced, because he never worked. I think the audience (even less the real dates of Mr Berkowitz) is worth the explanation in a more expensive US urban environment, in a luxury apartment, that drives superb cars and covetous eating. In restaurants it has not been a source of income. (Is it a drug distributor? Does the parent's wealth live? It's no idea!) <br /> <br /> You can run away with most of the movies, if the jokes are really fun. "20 dates" is a painful and embarrassing United Nations. Mr. Berkowitz is having the idea of ​​a joke to be his character, he will announce that I will give food or food to the food that he has served in the restaurant's days. It is the most humorous for children. It's not surprising that Berkowitz has done a movie before "20 Dates" and has not made a single movie for the past 8 years, has appeared in any other film or as a writer or actor. producing any type of credit. According to my instinct, this film has not been financed by "Elie" (the gangster who appears on the camera), but, probably, Mr. Berkowitz had a wealthy parent or maybe a huge abuse of credit cards. Regardless, we can not rest easy, surely not having to watch Myles Berkowitz or BERRIAT's creative effort. Hallelujah !!!
