A science fiction movie that is very bad but with special effects, rich, and ridiculous story. The film begins with a space full of exploration with Mars, with a man and a man and a man full of blue. Through earthly drawings, it begins to tell you what happened in this wonderful journey, almost all the ribbons seem to have been eliminated. Four astronauts take on this journey: the military guy who plays with Gerald Mohr, a poor Humphrey Bogart who says "Irish" and who plays a cod, then Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and the only woman Flying member wearing the best three costumes, It is possible to increase its curves, such as Les Tremaine, a terrific actress like inexpensive science fiction, that is, last time, and Jack Kruschen Sammy. Brooklyn jokes and does not seem very luminous, although he is chosen by electronic specialization. None of these performers is any good, and they all say their conversation with little belief. Check out Tremaine's nonsense scientific! Actually, the top four is in Khrushche, and this really says a lot about this film. On the other hand, it is a bad film aside when the film falls only on Mars when it falls to the ground. Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget, as Mars was actually in the southwestern United States. When the story requires something in Martian, the drawings are full of red and white colors. You can say that the monsters are even worse, because we get a Bat-rat spider because we have a size of 40 feet, some children seem to be joining together dead animals. Another significant creature is the giant amoebae with an eye oscillator. Whew! These are bad. There's a nice drawing of a Martiar city, but it's not enough in the film. Despite these big problems, Angry Red Planet is a fun movie. It's really wonderful to see how far we got to civilization. Most of the things that were used in the film are so obsolete. A man uses an electric razor with the cable and I think that they can reach Mars, but they still use cords. Director Ib Melchior also offers a large part of the film with the limits of budgets, but his story and Sid Pink does not fly. And how did they get music and psychedelic colors? Awful man!
