A spacecraft returns from Mars; Two months before, about four people sent an expedition to the red planet. Most images report what has happened. The picture is a noisy and melodramatic dialogue typical of the science fiction series in the 1950s and the sixties. Note, for example, that the ship's commander (Mohr) describes another "stay" for a crew without any reason; moving to another place in the boat as if it were a problem. Later, the commander ordered the crew to continue on board two ships while another is out. He both ordered them not to say and continue. I did not have much hope from the success of the expedition at this point. They embrace a "Icebreaker" and "Cleo" ice cream gun (Cleopatra's extract, of course). It would be at least fun, if not mistaken, if the story were not dragged. <br /> <br /> The thing is at a very slow pace; astronauts spend a lot of time looking at the windows of the ship (which change color from the shadows to the blue), commenting on what they see, as they study in the distance. The landscape of the landscape in the movie 'Cinemagic', usually looks like an animation cut or drawing, shot by an orange-red filter, with an illusion of interacting with actors. process But I do not think foolish people over 10 years old. I noticed the passionate reminder that the memories of the astronauts surviving would be unknown, so it would reveal the true nature of the March vision. Oh, I agree ... <br /> <br /> Some astronaut activities have fun exploring; One after another, they try a freezing gun in a plant, just kill them. Then a female member thinks she is a tree with a sack, but it turns out that the spider rat is a monster's leg. Nice, ma'am. Search the next time. It is not surprising that Mars's "intelligence" is angry and it does not matter what a downfall of life is, a giant grandmother who attacks the explorers. The play is not very impressive. Especially Mohr, the technique was very annoying, he said a line, and then suddenly a reflection that fell into a big smile - he reminded me! A fear beyond space. The end is quite antagonistic; Do not expect an incredible revelation beyond Cleo's guns' frozen expedition.
