"Prom Night" is a remake of the latest feature film by Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen in 1980. This movie is played on a popular Oregon concert. There, Donna (Brittany Snow) will go to her high-level promotion and will enjoy her after a few traumatism events over the last few years. He and his friends come to the promise they are doing in a big hotel and try to enjoy themselves as the funniest night of their lives. Nobody knows, a man from Donna's past, who has bowed these years, even in the promenade ... and is willing to find anyone who is willing to die. <br /> <br /> I've been a fan of "Prom Night", so I tried to keep up with a bit of hope in this movie, but I think I was very disappointed. "Prom Night" is the most serious problem for horror films, which is a preview. No wonder here, and I guess it's been a lot better seen before I've done it every single time. What does people serve to the audience? Boredom Of course, you have never seen a horror movie or a part of the young crowd before, but most of the viewers will probably find everything that's almost happening. The plot is simpler, but the whole script is not surprising, virgin, atmosphere or anything else, and really, it really hurts the movie, since they never let the audience put their teeth in. It seemed totally bad. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain that this is a PG-13 slasher film, and I understand what they say, but I do not think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimal gore. Take Carpenter "Halloween" - a screen shot of little or no violence, but still a very scary and effective movie. You do not have to make a horrible film, but "Prom Night" has been too violent (that is, it is very dear), but it would not have been added to the movie a bit. startup script Here the tension and the recovery are very smooth, and in most of the films I predicted the result of the situations, and 99% of the time was correct. Our characters are not well-written so they can not connect with the audience, and their disagreements are commonplace and unreliable. <br /> <br /> I will explain some things I like. However, this film is not entirely useless - filmography is really enjoyable and everything was well shot and quite elegant. Fears of "jump" (mostly unforeseeable ones) were as clear as some. The set of films are also pleasant and the hotel is a good place for the development of the plot, although it is evident. As regards the performance, it is a helmet. Brittany Snow plays, but the rest of the casts do not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the evil one, and he is probably an artist who is the artist that lives most here, but that's not as impressive. However, he liked the character that he liked, that is, we changed a lot in the typical "killer of the mask". Finally, I was bored in the last fifteen minutes of the film at the end of my mind and were very contrary. <br /> <br /> In general, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. It was all very numbers, routine and predictable, that is, it was somehow wrong, that is, having a decent slasher movie. There were only a few moments, but there were no incidents and no atmosphere in the movies, they developed little land, and credible characters. Experienced horror fans hope to save money and run out of video, or instead of being rented out, there's no surprises here. Some may find a small entertainment, but it is planned before me. I expected it better, and I left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
