Can you say a Lew Grade production a thousand off? British style remarkably; epic concept; it is owned by international star bugs; Normally established in exotic climates. In the 80s and 70s, Grade and his company ITC started working on the 80's, Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Titanic The Raise! In March 1977, March Or Die, the adventurous adventure of the Foreign Legion, which transforms all the features mentioned above, was released. Dick Richards was usually trusted? A year ago he directed the acclaimed Goodwy My Lovely - March Or Die is an unhappy disappointment. <br /> <br /> The foreign director of foreign director Foster (Gene Hackman) will soon be sent to Morocco. After World War II, their role is to support an archeology party (Francois Von Sydow) in front of Francois Marneau. Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but they are afraid of the attack by Arab tribe after a previous archaeological group. Foster is not happy with that task? He will not put his life at risk if he finds himself worthy of the unstoppable man. This means that Marneau himself creates a constant tension, that legionaries should sacrifice their lives so they can make the excavation possible. The problem is with a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) who is legionary. Dad, the historians kidnapped by the Arabs, intends to find out when they first removed the archaeological group. His presence raises desires among legionaries, only those thieves who are fugitive Marco Sullen (Terence Hill); At first, Legion is a charming flesh that shows indifference towards colleges, but gradually increases. Things are linked to a giant War of Erfouden, many tribes of an Arab association are charging against the legion-makers as they are desperately trying to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> Gene Hackman and Terence Hill's duo seem to be the stars. a disagreement ?? Hackman is an award-winning actress of the Oscar for many heavyweight, but limited Italian hearts-throbetti with a lot of low cost spaghetti western. One is expected to act on Hackman's party screen. However, weird, Hackman is giving a poor and uncomfortable performance, Hill raises his game with surprisingly high levels. The film is attractive in the desert locations, but it's very slow to stand, and a few characters are well cared for. Is Maurice Jarreen's music unusually flat? Lawrence Of Arabia scored the guy very disappointing. It is noteworthy that there was nobody in the 1970s trying to test an old adventure (the genre was most successful in the 1930s and was forgotten for decades). Unfortunately, the bet is not really paid? The old legionnaire's books make this tribute more than one route.
