We see a dead girl body in a morgue while trying to close the eyes of the young girl, but everything that is trying will not be open. After that, we are going to start the future and follow a group of former school-mates who hide a horrible secret, but suddenly they suddenly get themselves singly in silence. Through flashbacks, we know the awesome suicide of a shy girl who wanted to be a group, but they stopped them, they dug their past and found some extravagant events. So will the tomb return to revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, a wonderful and always horrible story! Well, that's what I can say. And 'hope' was as good. This horror movie is incredibly unforgettable, I actually saw it before, but I thought I first saw it. So, in my opinion, when I began to play several things, I was surprised, but as I said, it is a pretty hard mix, which once again felt like a first look. The "Nightmare" is another area that adds "little" changes. Or, please, give us a bit more fresh. It does not have to be completely original, but it's a formula and J-horror is terribly tired. Even though you have guessed the fantasy story that you have invented before a virgin and virgin butterfly. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity, it has the same old story, similar antics and shoulders. It looks like that looks amazing and bright. The dead are displayed in spots and originality, while the dark atmosphere shifts the spectator with dark illumination. The scene that joins the little girl with the spirit is a blood dye experience, but when she tries to try not to knock you, I just found the inductor comma and I thought I was hoping. There was no interest in shaking moments between them. The supposed mystery you can tell is not really much, because the story is sure to be flat and the characters are self-centered, they do not care about what's really happening to them. The unbalanced story should focus more than the spirit, rather than those vague characters that have no unexpected group. Overloads the cards, being too confused and too long to get ahead. When this suggestion arrives, it is very playful. The endless films are, however, a high point. <br /> <br /> The movie looks good, even though fires were made quickly and quickly, and music scores were a bit disturbing. The shows draw on a marvelous line, but Gyu-ri-Kim is very important. <br /> <br /> It steals nothing new and insoluble ideas, but if you give up the past you feel bad. However, its handling seemed to me to be lethal, although it was extremely effective. I think a standard effort, but it is still impossible.
