In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma is called an unknown territory, which is very successful. Thakur goes south. Family Inspector Mhanlal Narsimha's family is looking for a revenge on the Madrasi style. It is a former South Indian, from northern Thaks. Splitting hands of Gabbarren Thakur is also cut into Aagen's fingers. Therefore, the costs are reduced, because there is no effort to hide your hands, only cut Kurt long shoulders by cutting fingers. Moreso Thakur uses his legs at the top and "Tere Liye, paer hi kaafi hai" here. Narsimha uses her fingers to create a gun and kill the criminals. Babban, the new addition to the new impasse is also different. It's not Bihartik or UP. Bambaiya da. Gabbarren laughter is also bad twice, this time and it's tight. Babban calls for Diwali instead of Holi and replaces Urmila's romance at Helen in Mehbooban. He danced and danced with Abhisheh at Mehbooba with Jalal Agha. Apple launches and Isaac Newton has informed the gravitational laws. Basanti Ghungroo is much smaller than the driver. Nisha Kothari can not play automatic controller and also have artificial appearance, such as "entertaining" and "too much", such as gay. Viru was funny is Ajay Devgun's role. Basante speaks to God, and the shooter and song Koi Hase and the seams of water tank are painful. The water tank becomes a well and Devgun drunk is so bad that the audience wanted to commit suicide. Festive was serious and serious. Prashant Raj is better than everyone else, because we do not expect anything. But it is also due to the Mausi sequencing. It's not as romantic as a festive mouth organ. Jaya Sushmita changes her positions. After killing her husband, pure medicine becomes medicine this time throughout the day. Jaya also has the pain she has shown. This time, it is a wider competition with its Festivities. Sambak Tambe has a bigger role. He still does not point to the weapons and answers Gabbar's questions. Baboba continues wherever he goes wherever he goes and there is a toe that is more visible in front of the cathedral. The horses will be placed on the mountain for jeeps and cars. This Gabbar hiding place changes and Ramgarh Kaliganj becomes. In short, it's more than something else. RGV generates a classical interpretation. But the origin is so well remembered that after three decades, our minds refuse to refrain from changing the stylized versions and conversations. So we call a spoof. So, Mr.VVR (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) are remixing and they started to make their originals.
