Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, who was sitting in that movie, was afraid to describe it with enough words, Sholay's attempt to pay homage to the classic Western Bollywood was a bit like that. Varma's biggest problem is not trying to make a credible film. It is important that Varman's heart is not in every part of this film. What you see on the screen is a bad joke, undeniable by the filmmaker, and you see what is a short movie that says it's just like that. I've seen bad movies over the years, but I can not remember that it was just as much torture as this. Let's say you are very brave if you are able to survive the whole movie, because it tests your patience before a few movies. Varma can try on her plot and her characters from the original film, but it's a pure and empty version and it does not have it. Sholay's spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is, in fact, a ridiculous piece of that era, because the original film did not belong to it; It's high, long-bored and totally mindless. The moments that Sholay likes are a parody of Varma, and you want to cut the neck for that. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, Darmendra Veeruk rises on the island and threatens to die until death, in this film he plays Ajay Devgan. Puts a gun on the head with the threat of shooting himself. How did you throw the launcher you want and all agony pity us. It is not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag Sholay as a version. It is a bad effort, such as an autonomous cinema. The old-fashioned backbone score is like someone who strives by the kitchen trays, and the camera's work varies with an exciting and round head. The partners involved in this terrible crime of bringing this hilarious movie are the most deadly movie makers. As a widow Sushmita Sen Devi, she captures her role and film, raises the lines and looks at the camera, and in general it is similar to her life. As Mohanlal Narsimha, he struggles with his Hindi conversation and looks embarrassed by some stupid lines in his famous career. Jas's Newcastle Raj-born equivalent of Raj does not speak out and can not create Amitabh Bachchan's high-intensity movies in the original movie. Aero Hero, the new-age Veeru, is in total Ajay Devgan. nonsense, slowing down comedy. But the weakest, easiest, most striking link in the film is the decision by Nisha Kothari Ghunghroo, who loves shoes like Hanna Malini shoes, as a fan of airhead from Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actor in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the world around the world, she tells her a very annoying new sense and wants to hang on her wrist on the screen. And then, there is not Amitabh Bachchan playing with Babban Singh, version of Ramgopal Varma's most famous criminals in Hindi, Gabbar Singh. The only actress who knows the supreme tone of the Festival, according to Bachchan, builds a miniscule character that is approaching to see. He wants to be a comic book, impressed by laughter, which will affect the slabs and ham, and he does everything right. However, being trapped in a damaged company, his performance does not help the movies in any way. He's not surprised here, I'm down from ten to two, and I'm down with two fingers, Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, you'll never see the experiences that you give to an enemy. It's not Varma it's not a remake to handle before. The Saracen gave us a hard-hitting and hard-fought relationship with Godfather, and he feels guilty of Sholay's bhature as he loves a lot of classics. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is one of the worst decision-making paths, it's a shameful recovery spot that is everlasting. I think this film will be immersed in the history of Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
