"Anna" is a very important drama, every actor casts age and sometimes disappears. Is Anna da America her own network of security, she thinks her house is a character, and she can not do it wrong? But he refuses to refuse to refuse to refuse to refuse to refuse to give up his refusal to decline his work. . Anna flip-flops among people, which makes this film an ideal aging star, but not the idea of ​​the audience. "Anna" has been praised by her star Sally Kirkland, and her role as a "grungy" ability, but one month into 2008, "Anna" is not the core of film culture. Dated, it is dull and chaotic. <br /> <br /> Yurek Bogayevicz has a message hidden inside the "Anna" about politically and socially falsified Czech Czechoslovakia, but Kirkland rejects it in July. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to highlight Kirkland, and he is not afraid to reduce the characters around him, when you're away from the movie, remembering Kirkland. Obviously, the movie does not work well with me. At the beginning of the first and second years, deeply, "Anna" felt like a high school theater production. The characters did not exist, there was no clear story before the story and there was no time or place. Sally Kirkland was saying that she is better than the other actors with the same lifestyle as she liked. He struggled with a friend, traveled a long distance in America to get a glamorous and glamorous girl, and two of them (about 20 minutes) create friendship to break all the walls. Emotionally boring and compelling. Again, we know randomly, Anna's Daniel husband-wife (who plays Robert Fields weak), which does not contribute in any table or definition? Only to give care to Anna of Kirkland. For almost two hours, more random actions are named, together with unnamed characters, they unite together that create a story that is celebrated together with loose soles? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, I like to continue saying this, but "Anna" could be a fantastic movie, because Bogayevicz presented the same time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but we had to change from one side to another, speaking louder than emotional scenes. plot <br /> <br /> Charlize Theron is the inspiration source for "Monster" or "Monster's Ball" in Halle Berry? Did Sally Kirkland find one of the early actors to go to a character named Oscar to make them look bright in their direction? In this movie I was terrified of Kirkland's portrait of Anna, and she was full of excitement with Bogayevicz. Does Bogayevicz give us an Anna who does not work hard for her parts, does she not care about others, and, in general, it's a terrible way? However, should we feel sympathy for him? Near the beginning of the film, he strengthens what he wants to do to others and is angry when he does not get his way. Of course, aging actors seem to me, but Kirkland creates a bigger nature for the children instead of adults. There he could improve "Anna". If Kirkland was an adult, I ate it, but it was impossible to believe this amazing baby. When my favorite scene ends when I see one of the oldest movies in Anna (the absurd characters are included) and burns the movies, this scene is my favorite too. Ann has made a great life for herself, creating films and dreaming, but when anyone else gets into that focus, she gets jealous and angry. This did not leave behind a character and won an Oscar. In addition to the classic rear-synth class of the 80's, the most wardrobe was the most demanding wardrobe and the end of the transfer (where did it come from and what happened?)? "Anna" was far away in the field of amazing cinema. It's an exhibition piece, an aging star that cries everywhere in the world. He worked for this, but I do not think I'll deceive again. <br /> <br /> In general, I can not say I was surprised by this movie. "Anna" is not about a star on the old movie; It's about Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to strive for more story, but fails to realize that Kirkland is not allowed or contributes to the whole story. There are one or two scenes in this movie, but nothing new or innovative about this film. Does Bogayevicz not create a personal, belated, or dedicated audience on Sunday with an afternoon? he was annoyed. Kirkland was not Anna, an actor who was a bit over-crumpled and playing on the sides. Perhaps, I missed the scope of this movie, but it's a collaboration of all those involved in films like this one. That was not the case here. In "Anna", Kirkland will play Daniel as a dog (seemingly symbolic as an act), but I could not believe it all over the emotion, but that was just like Kirkland. He did not enter into a film, transformed it into his production, and that's why "Anna" failed. Can I not propose this to anyone? From one czech to another? skip! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ outside ***** (a pesky scene scene that creeped out of me)
