When I saw the trailer for Prom Night, I must admit that the trailer was good and it would be a horror movie. So, friends and I saw Prom Night last night and I must say that I am growing up because we have to be so hilarious a movie that I'm so sick and tired of horror movie as a pretext. to scare people. There was no tension, no characters, how could I take care of them? Ever developed the killer? Oh, my God, it was probably the easiest assassin of the ever-existing series, I know it's a movie, but why do we ever (or at least know) die by anyone who kills a girl's family and is obsessed with her friends? Do I mean he would kidnap or die? I do not know, because this film does not make sense and announces and announces for real fans of horror. <br /> <br /> Donna's family, whose teachers were dying, were very obsessed, captured and imprisoned. It's been 3 years now and now he is living in peace, even though he is going to go to his senior promotion. But the murderer has escaped and still leaves Donna, following her friend following her friend and the hotel maid and bell tower, but it is advisable to kill the girl and the bell. Boy, therefore, no one becomes a suspect to see where they are. Donna has a lot of problems, because the man who is clear is that the killer can not go unnoticed into homes, and people can simply kill him in silence. <br /> <br /> Sorry, I really wanted to. Love this movie, we did not have a good Slasher Flick for a long time, but I was not surprised by the stupid movie. The situations were only incredible and the actors were embarrassed. I know that it was a PG-13 movie, but I like how someone dies a bit brutally and they only have a little blood on their clothes? Is not it worth mentioning any hole? I do not recommend this movie to anyone except the adolescent, this movie was made for teens and adults, and for those who know the real horror movie, those who enjoyed this movie do not harm it. You do not understand how anyone can. <br /> <br /> 2/10
