"The Hazing" is one of the films based on the cover image of the Covered Image here. Yes, that is, I am very low! I do not care about the dog movie called ten million people, the cartoon looks great, so I see that? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as an alternative title: curious! The author and titles are like a true horror movie given on the campus and deals with wicked rhythms, but this movie is a cross between comedy and thriller. First of all, I saw something written in the old VHS box that is very bad. He says: Good grades, good girls and good friends? Until he's gone through the hazing. "Actually, Gilbert Lewis, a campus acclaimed campus, has admitted him through an athletics scholarship. He takes half of the film before hearing the boyfriend at home and his girlfriend." buddy "Charles Martin Smith (still haired in this movie) is a very nerdy, both of them approaching" Delts "as members of the famous brotherhood, but they must go down their research. A barney cliff-and-cliff-ridden hill descends from the Barney cliff and leg It breaks, Lewis returns to the other brothers, Barney is already dying, he has been back from a weekend skiing, hidden in the Barney cafe's freezer, Lewis must cover Barney's suspicion that he is not suspicious. "The Hazing" It's an original and innovative one, but here it's been a lot easier for execution. The tone is very stable and serious for a movie comedy, even a black one, but on the other hand there is no attempt to build suspense or emotion either. It's cheerful and full of light-melody headlines, but it's hardly enough to make this movie a comedy. At about an hour in the movie, the plot is still steamy and the idea runs out, and caregivers do not have a better alternative to getting a better alternative to fill the gap with Lewis and her out-of-town girlfriend. I did not like the last tour, because it was very impossible and it was done several times before and after (even if it was a succession). "Hazing" is not a waste of time, but I'm glad I found a rental wagon in a friend's house, instead of spending money on the recently published DVD.
