The Soloist Academy has all the ingredients of amusement. The director Joe Wright is the author of his best image. Robert Downey Jr. The main actress is a highly-regarded superhero. In the end, the movie itself is a drama. When it was released in 2008, mysteriously, filmmakers and critics were shameless. As I have seen, I make sure that Universal does not delay this film to promote Iron Man-Oscar buzz. Soloist is not a weak drama with less than one candidate in 2009 with no out-of-war conflicts. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Behey and star Jamie Fox are not guilty of this rejection. Joe Wright is largely guilty, but he can not save the story of Life. Many movies are visually complex and distant. This is unusually easy. She is a movie about a reporter from Steve Lopez (Downey), a friend of Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox), a homeless man. That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not bother with Lopez's traditional friendship approach. They have become two friends. This movie starts as well-known and is the final BFF. Tensions are moments like this: Does Ayers lead to shelters at homeless in Lopez? This material would be more suited to television production than the feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright has a lot of scene that offers a lot of humor to cover the lack of content. Lopez is in the midst of what I think about the plot on the ground. Do you remember this that happened in forgiveness or pride and prejudices? These films were sufficiently structured to make an occasional joke, but it was not so long. Ayersen background story was not necessary. Worst, these scenes are not connected and appear in random sections. The main story is a way to admit few appeals. Nathaniel was a cello who had a tough reflection (myself). This is one of many of us to create sympathy with Ayers already. It's homeless schizophrenia, shouting! The film tells the love of humanity's music, like Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Top. However, it is not as effective as one of these images. The whole film is on Ayersen schizophrenia. In the end, it is an interaction with others. Being a musician has a pleasant touch, but it's hardly worth it. The film does not incorporate this feature into its personality. Take music in Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and there's no movie. The soloist, in general, is more than just music about friendship. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and would have to change critically a few lines of dialogue. Let's hope that there is no indication of limited capabilities in the movie. The first work has stylistic paths, but it is much weaker than both. In his defense, Universal would not agree to release this picture freely. This film is adapted to Imagine Entertainment (Changeling Distributors). I would not be so disappointed if it were a limited annotation. It is possible to prevent better dramas that distribute its box office performance nationally.
