She shoots herself with her own artistic eye that films the origins of Prom Night. You know From October onwards, Lifetime breaks a story of a woman who has survived a woman (enter the name of the disease here) to tell the terrible story of a woman stalker boyfriend. Is it drama? sappy da? It's very sad. It does not do anything to make a genre, it's not about telling an original story, or trying to create any new one. Prom Night shares this illness. When the murderer sees the holes in his victims, we are silently seated, when they fall on the ground, they do not spill blood. I thought it was the purest killer in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Our manager is working with a murderer who looks pretty good, instead of throwing it at the angle of the camera, it will make it look bigger. Think of Matthew McConaughey with a knife. Would you probably go? "Oh, how good will it kill me? Naaaa." Not afraid of the latter, so the director casts Schaech shadows and shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot repeats itself to the point of the illness, as it becomes the creator's fetish. In this movie you will get 15 jump alarms, 2 of which jumped on my date (However, it is scary to fear). Also, I decided to take part in a semi-hard film and decided to leave for a moment. <br /> <br /> As if this film dissolved it as if it were not enough, it splits. I do not say that the crew of the appearance of a horror movie were key to the apparent room floor; I'm saying that I'm moving around scene and scene, and it's a lot of trouble getting kicked out. This is how hopeful a movie is forced to end the fire and the projectionist together, as the fingers pass through and wait for the best. Publisher must be shot. <br /> <br /> You can complete two sentences with a plot: a giant blood, an emotional killer and the tension of a special section called "Silver Cucharas". Am I not afraid of this horror weekend this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, it is a type of film that must be punished. Is it really hard to make a terrifying movie? Was this crew even scary when it was making a horror movie? !! My waste of time and yours is complete. I made a bullet for the review. Do not waste my sacrifice in vain. Do not exit the movie!
