When you place this DVD on your player and press "play", you will receive a short moment of silence and you will see a black screen, which is directed towards the starting point of the disk in the middle of the lashes. THE KING IS NO. Make sure that you have something to do with Tylenol (better to sleep with your PM) because it will have a massive headache from this movie. <br /> <br /> Big little girls and the like. It made me a bit ridiculous at first, I thought I had fun. Of course, the initial sequence was a curious WEE and most jokers were faded and it seemed that Scream would be ripoff (by the way, my single tour was the last comment on this scene by Julie Strain). But then he knew there was a problem ... the initial sequence had a huge rock song. In this awesome Rock song, I have looked at the titles of the DVD chapter and I said the things that told me "INAIT RETURN!" and "SEX UP!" I understood what would be the sale of that movie. <br /> <br /> And that's a sad truth: the only thing that's about this movie is an UN appealing. Apart from that, the slasher movie slamming "innovative concept" about murder clubs is still a bit false. So, the whole movie points out in a different direction to make it a confusing and mysterious mystery, but it's just about to be interesting and it leaves you in the care of the characters. I mean, since the main character of the film has been murdered by an innocent woman, do you really feel how apprehensive it looks at her? The effect of Scream is prevalent, with a frightening ghostly face and jokes really awful. We also treat the scene of the main character with his mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! Another beautiful part of the film!) Abortion or something. Uh. Yes ... This is not a movie "so bad" this movie, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared it with a Troma movie, but ... you know that any movie is the fullest Solar (or this film proves it). It's not horrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen a lot of Troma movies and I can say that I can offer something, you can get something out and later tell your friends. However, this film is not quite enjoyable. Be careful
