A murderer, white plastic mask, and close coats, when Hollywood's producer, Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), inherited his position, opened his former employer to his first employer from breast to breast. Perhaps a new psychopath hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive seductive haired hair troubled family past full of nightmares. Shawn and his friends make a practical joke about Maddy about an alleged Murder Club, where each member chose to kill a victim. When a woman enters a car park, when Maddy suddenly dies, Shawn's friend finds himself pushing a chain. But Shawn and his friends are worried about how to make Maddy murder and become a good leader. When deciding to definitely wait, each member caught the psyche covered by Maddy's white, with a suspect that Maddy has already died. Or someone else behind these murders? Low budget slasher, an executive produced by Charles Band, with a gore murder that is not convincing. Small seats and Allen Nabors, who would entertain Chris's little hopes. A stomach emerging from the intestinal murder, sliced ​​neck, and an electric string that spills the victim on a swimming pool that flows all day long, an ax that falls on the backs of male victims and a pair squeezes a rope during their sexual season ... For more effects, a killer uses a socket wrench with a breaker bar that tightens the screw on the neck, holding the neck neck). If there are enough holes in driving a truck, Maddy does not have nightmares for murder, why someone can kill him so hard (... with blood) without leaving the wake up. It would be easy to get involved in the scene of crime, and how Shawn could go so long as to allow him to continue working on the company, committed himself to the murder and continuing his desire to unite with the club he wants to constantly. t exist <br /> <br /> I was more concerned about the death of someone on the movie, the desire of a certain woman who wanted to enter into a club that claims to be an accident. The film creates Maddy as a potential for his past. His family dismissed for a lawyer. He has fears and he always reaches well on the crime scene. In many orchards, surely the most likely murderer often has a penetrating redhead, but this film comes out as a finger marking Maddy. When the conversion occurs, we have left the roots of Maddy, but we know that it is not in my head. Chick is a tough care. However, it looks like a man's shirt shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let his dogs breathe. The low-budget horror fans will get their favorite worship of Brinke Stevens on a religious mum that prays Maddy, called Troma Lloyd Kaufman, a killer. It is wise to protect a daughter who is truly responsible. The cultural mermaid has a small truck called Julie Strain, which shows her tits (of course) that kills the opening male's girlfriend, who has stepped on a head by a hammer. Oh, look at Shawn's office. You can see Full Moon posters and artwork on the walls.
