One of the most common introductions in the "Goofs" category is anachronism. Although I think that anachronism and other oral texts are acceptable, I think it's a very good movie, but I've found corrupt films in front and in the middle. KISS THEM FOR ME turns the rotten film and anachronism. However, close to that, there was hardly anything to find anachronistic. <br /> <br /> There are no doubt about the places in which the film is filmed. The 4-wheel drive under Honolulu 1944 seems to be the second war on the C-97 Stratofreighter (MATS color). The combat aircraft seen from the carrier came into contact with Douglas Skyraiders after the WW2 World War II and were renowned for their Vietnam services. <br /> <br /> But except these two films and, of course. hairstyles, everything else is very time consuming. He feels bad I'm a Stanley Dean admirer. We share the same birthday. Under the direction of ON THE TOWN (1949), the car continues behind the car by the 1949/50 Ford driver. There is still no feeling in the WW2 movie anymore. In fact, as I said later, nothing will be said to be a film of the WW2 era. It just does not feel like that. Based on the musical Broadway War (Fancy Free), based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In 1934), and a 24-hour ride is a great movie about New York sailors. It is assumed to be so burdensome with war-related conflicts, that it is only in its warfare, and yet these contemporary cars do not break witchcraft. <br /> <br /> The first problem is Cary Grant. Although it was too old to represent a Russian SBD dive bomber pilot, a Hollywood tradition like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) is a younger tradition. It was a badly functioning role, not his age. Operates the operator, as they were called. He is still admiring and loving the boys who make things and break all rules. A hustler. Wheeler dealer. A wonderful character in a comedy service. Grant is a comic center that is supposed to be a comedy-style comedy service. <br /> <br /> Grant BRICING BABY (1938) or great theater shows like ARSENIC AND, OLD LACE (1944), and the comedy is a great reactor to an inert jungle of original jelly. KISS IN THE is simply not a comic spark. People have already been considered this type, recently the Sgt comic book Phil Silvers. Get on TV. Roles later would make James Garner perfect, but here Grant is not funny and makes it clear that Cary Grantness has a huge boost. On the contrary, it is the same. Anachronism is the place where most women are led. They may have more than 50-year-old women with Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are the only ones for this decade. Marilyn Monroe, Carole Lombard, and Marie Wilson may continue, and the number of dumb brethren, and Grace Kelly was another tall lady (Mary Astor), but it was never an anatomical woman like Mansfield. . Surely WW2's "sweater girls" (eg Lana Turner), but Mansfield scored points. The Suzy Parker model was a revolutionary negotiation model. He changed his attitude, became the first girl to move and became the first girl to capture the identity of that camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957), Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> With the high-quality 50s, there seems to be a lot of genres in 'wild' parties, but it's never a sexual suggestion (think about 50's TV show Bachelor's or The Bob Cummings's dinner jacket men. " dates "have only been translated. The original book I have not read was published during the war and Broadway's play appeared at the end of the war, and the nuances of this situation were essential for today's readers and audiences, but broken, bowdlerized and a dozen years later. Lying wrongly mixed, in other ways, the route is forgotten, until this revitalized revitalized VCR and cable television revitalizes this turkey. <br /> <br /> So, the lesson here is "goof" is ignored by Kane (such as, for example, In a big movie like Charles Foster Kane, a Rosebud?), He accepts a fun joke like WESTWORLD (tax From the robots they gave them in direct ammunition?) But completely despised by the rotten film, even though it does not exist.
