In the controversial comedy of Mel Brooks, "Totally Moses!" He strives for the story of the Bible of the Moses and laughs because of the book without a smell of the Bible he ever shot. <br /> <br /> There are no real plots here, excuses for a talented comedy in underlined roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman drive the Holy Land by bus, when they encounter a cave across the ancient parchment. In it, they read Herschel and Zerelda's story, both by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is similar to Moses. The Pharaoh's family found him at the same time as he found Moses in the river. Herschel's birth father, James Coco himself, becomes Herschel's slave. Herschele rescues idol-makers and works as a sculptor. In the end, Herschele works as an astronomer at Pharaoh, is exiled and cares for Moses sheep's flock. Herschele and Moses are brothers, marrying their sisters, and Herschel believes that God has chosen to release his people to Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Word of God, but Herschele did not understand it. I will stay here to laugh strangely ... pause ... However, the rest of the movie is written very often by writing actors Moor and "special appearances". These scenes do not line up, they set a little story to stop grinding. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays it as a tailor. Dom DeLuise has three lines in the Herschel desert. John Houseman is a archangel, giving him the same lines as "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander Herschele's false blind "heal". Andrea Martin Zerelda is one of the sisters. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn should be, has a trip to Herschel and has about half and a half of the screen. John Ritter devil plays very uncomfortable. Richard Pryor has only one Pharaoh phrase but, of course, he has been shot in a moment other than the scene of Moore, since they do not appear on the screen! In the end, Zerelda becomes part of the salt, after Sodom's New Destruction is back. Herschel writes ten commands and is given by Moses, who enters every glory. In the final scene, this screenwriter decides to recapture this skin film by inserting Herschel bait God into an argument. God comes out like a powerful authority, because Herschele directed his own play, to give him ten orders to speak only by tenth. We also have Zerelda quip: "God works in a mysterious way", the attitude of everyone across the film forgetting Christ's excuse. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is a laugh everywhere. Monty Python, at least, laughed at several religious pillars of "Life of Brian", apart from the uncertain life of Jesus, but humor is poo poo jokes and characters, always bouncing their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Unrecognizable people will not hurt their attitude towards relaxation, but according to the film's exhibitions, they are surprised by their lack of knowledge (I know, not a word), of course, they do not know about a topic. "Absolutely Moses!" It's totally bad and embarrassment to everyone involved. I recommend reading the book. <br /> <br /> This is canceled (PG) for some violent, pardoned, sexually-orientated and adult situations.
