This review may contain some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> You just thought you did not think it was very bad, as you thought Rae Dawn Chong as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a North American sorcerer's doctor! Even worse, these two stars are a Starlight party, a movie that can only be seen as irrational. <br /> <br /> Chong is a foreigner who sends to the land, to look for the rest. semi-race, part and foreign part. Apparently, the earth is serious. Something is wrong with mankind's genetics, and in some decades the world becomes a desert contamination. When doubling the middle of the sheep DNA, the foreign pleasure of the breed will save the planet. Do not ask yourself how it is, the film will cause the contamination caused by humans to destroy the world. You would think that the earth could be saved only by removing contaminating beings, not saving it! However, half-breed Billy Wirth, who lives in a small Southwestern country, is the mother of her mother, although her mother's red Caucasus and grandfather Willie Nelson. Was this not the "scum" of Carmen Extra? Chong arrives to his ship, Wirth almost drowns the motorcycle on a motorcycle on his lap, instead of breaking it with his girlfriend. Before saying Hogwash, Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, for a moment he is not surprised and spreads the word of Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with her mother of Wirth, seems to have lost some of her marbles over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was a foreigner. Of course, he is a strangest alien standard, so he can use Wirth DNA to make his Earth become his slave so he can approach Wirth Earth. (Hey) The use of his telepathic powers and penetrating attempts by Wirth to suck most of the screen time are the worst scenes of the movie. Not only are they bored, but flubs are the scenes you can watch most of. <br /> <br /> Ideas can be nice on paper, but here they are handled with the greatest stupidity, especially the aforementioned scene with the alien rogue. But the effects are a movie accident. The initial scene includes Chong in his spacecraft, which communicates with his superior, a person who does not see it, but Chong communicates through a bucket of light pink. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy is so treated with subtitles. The difficulty is that both Chong and his high-level subtitles are the same, and the director does not give you any indication of the time in which they are talking at a time, which is nothing more than the whole conversation. The worst result of the space ship is to get this side of Ed Wood in Hollywood. Now, I usually do wrong with this low-budget film, but these effects, but these effects really got me. The most offensive was the easiest: the false night sky. Sky stars are very fake and they hear almost different shades. It's worth mentioning the moments that Chong has told about someone from Pleiades, and we're throwing seven stars. This is the thing, the seven stars take up the night sky in the movie, but Stargazer knows that the constellation Pleiades is a star cluster between Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take much space in the sky. These effects are so bad that you can hang your smaller and smaller sticks at any time. Be careful, because the effects of going through the earth will become Willie Nelson's human beings. . . Oh, you have to believe it! <br /> <br /> Shining star, bright star; The last star I see today; I wish I would like it; Do not have to see more trash dumps nowadays. <br /> <br /> Scoring Score: From 10th.
