The film is included in the religion and, therefore, it is impossible to comment on religious differences. In my opinion, this film looks at deep themes, but reinforces stereotypes and prejudices; with a true little view. The people of the film (and, therefore, the writer) failed the grace. They could not understand the authoress of God's beauty and the founder of passion and sexual passion in the context of the appropriate marriage marriages. People based on the story-based society think that nudity is a bit simpler and a woman who enjoys marriage as a woman is a bit dirty. These stereotypes do not really exist, because the Jews also speak holy writers clearly to their solidarity husband, who seeks his wife's pleasure. He says that the man must love his wife as a flesh, and no one has hated his flesh, but feeds it and loves it. In spite of the fact that the New Testament is rejected, writers and characters completely ignore certain episodes such as Solomon Song in the Old Testament, as well as the Proverbs book: "Rejoice your young lady's wife. Always keep her breasts." How can that be read in another way? In a way God recognizes and accepts, and smiles, the twinning and enjoyment between them? Real men do not neglect their wives and needs. Judaism / Christian denial of religious education. God has NEVER said these things. It's nonsense. Sonia rebelled because of the misuse of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It was not like that. What's sad The need for despair at Sonia was TRUE, not tradition. When we know God, love and obey, we love others more; in front of ourselves. This is the faith of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph's God; every one dedicated to saints; Jesus Christ bought and paid for the pieces. But, well, ignore all this and leave the old and old Sanctuary, and return to the wisdom of the homeless and the ghosts. It's a good plan. I would never recommend the movie; partly because sexual content is graphically useless, but that it really does not offer any value. Check the "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment for the Jewish tradition of the community.
