You must respect this movie. It may be "just a boy boy", but it's a title for the film's 1 movie forums, at the request of those who remember the story and those who do not remember the title. So, this is a detailed and detailed description of the plot; I could not find anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> It's a traditional 2-story house in neighborhoods. Seven-year-old Bridget suspects 11-year-old brother Andrew suspects that he is receiving something from gifts from his parents, without apparent reason. Bridget's gift is full of penguins, which is immediately named Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, grandmother, main nurse, takes grandmother to her breasts, socks dolls, and her brother Andrew joins electronics. Grammy unexpectedly hangs the lieutenant governor, which indicates that he is able to live with his family on the way. Both children get breakfast while they talk about Grams talking to adults while they are going to retire home. Bridget makes a great deal of pancake sandwich, cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup. After two children, Grams are discussed, and Andrew says clearly that Grams is "letting go of the pasture." Bridget speaks with Gramy in the attic, and playing with her tea William William has a party party. Then, unexpectedly, a doll leaves her bedroom from the closet mirrors. With curly hair, the intense doll is named Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget will give Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides behind laundry after Bridget's mother arrives and her mother throws a washing machine into the Huggins machine. Bridget saves Huggins and drys her hair with a dredger. They discuss the problem of the old Grams and it must be ignored, as Huggins says, Bridget can talk to Huggaland's recipient, who knows everything. They enter the mirror to visit Huggaland, but Bridget's tennis shoes are in the mirror. <br /> <br /> With Bridget's shoes, Bridget runs out of Huggaland. Immediately they know Hugsy, with Huggaland's curly hair. Huggins gives Hugsy a baseball champion. Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker also fill and the dolls sing a song sitting on a bridge. Hugsy brings Bridget and Huggins to her on a whirlwind book that lives on a giant book. The whirlwind book "consults the old encyclopedia" and sees aging that heals the fruit of "young tree". However, only one of these trees is found, and in the Shrugs country, it is ruled by the evil queen quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to get a deep hole in the middle of a huge book near. <br /> <br /> <br /> Three times, Bridget and three dolls are mixed, they jump in the hole and fall. Soon, they walk down the sidewalk, they hear the glittering wind and they drop by the sidewalk at the end of gravity. They encounter "Behemoth hairstyle", which looks like a mastodon, has four covers and trumpets the trunk. Hugsy continues boldly and embraces the behemoth, so that the baby named Hodgepodge becomes an elephant. The queen Hodgepodge was delighted, and owed him to leave Hugsy, so they must return to the Hodgepodge castle. They enter the castle, surrounded by a troll like creature, the queen (Queen Admira) comes in, and she has asked for some young Bridget. The queen refuses, and then eats herself, and looks good at her young man looking at her in the manual mirror. The queen Hodgepodge says "to believe he must digest". The queen is angry at Bridget, when he cries that wicked witches should be warts, the queen will freeze Bridget and take three others to the cell. But the queen carelessly leaves the dome of the castle dome through the dome lifting device. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in a dungeon and uses his "noodles" (trunk) to pull out the prison door. down, thus releasing himself and two dolls with him. Bridget is amazed and dolls embrace that Bridget revives. Before it flushes out, Bridget finds the left wrench on the dome of young trees, raises the dome and selects some bright young people and put them in a bucket. The queen catches her, but her queen is trapped beneath the lower dome, to get the key left in Bridget. The queen becomes too old because she is very old, if she is taking off her juvenile berries, and she seems to die. Soon, Bridget retreated the mirror in his bedroom, but walks through the bottom of the mirror, and throws the berries into the ground and a smoke is removed. Mother asks her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who is starting to retire home. Andrew drops his grumpy, standoffish ordinary facade and embraces Grams that he says he loves it and does not want to. Father has moved and, therefore, Grams wants to keep up and everyone hugs and weeps, amongst others Aunt Ruthie, who was the eldest person to go with Grams. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks himself to St. Louis Cardinals, as Bridget explains how Huggins shows Hugins, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he thinks they are his fantasy stories He turned to look in his bedroom. She returns a doll to her right hand side to the right side of the mirror in Bridget, Bridget places her hat on Andrew's head, Andrew mestifies and leaves her bedroom without saying anything. Bridget is silent silently.
