Was it a comedy or drama? I'll start this review when I ask this question, the movie that I saw in Hollywood Shuffle was not fun or dramatic. This lack of definition (comedy or drama) tried so hard, but the bad guys and notable remarks were lost. Although I am convinced that there is too much Hollywood racial profile happening today, I do not think much stopping the premiere of the first feature film by Townsend. Instead, I only added more to the fire in more fuel. Townsend's short film, comic time, was enormous, because it promoted the elements that essentially dispersed and vice versa. The fragments that wanted to be serious were destroyed by the lack of fun comedies. Townsend has a decent concept with this film, but unfortunately the performance is the one that shakes the film. If you watch the movie preview (which I'm constantly doing), you'll immediately see what you'll see with the wrong impression. The preview shows the image of a very comic movie, proud of the audience's intelligence, but the true movie can not be farther from the truth. <br /> <br /> Hollywood Shuffle's main problem is not the story itself (it does not prepare); Townsend is the direction. He had a wonderful concert with this film. Exploit in our race that explodes in Hollywood. A decent idea, but why could not it run very well? The first reason is that his ideas are random and occasional. The structure of this film was like watching a heartworm in a hospital monitor, literally everywhere, with no warning or no map. It was obvious that Townsend had quite a bit to say, but it took little time. So instead of defining his characters, instead of creating his own themes and creating a clever movie, he has thrown it all out and pray. Unfortunately, it is not. Regardless of the intelligent comedy, we use so many ideas, comedy script and a few short films, almost unbreakable. The shortest thing Townsend likes, it's a fun attempt, breaks down. Parodying Jerry Curl Siskel and Ebert, Townsend is struggling to talk about filmmaking messages. This is because these small regular oil really overlooks the main axis of the film and actually destroys it. While Townsend tries to make a joke about Hollywood life, he is really connecting with all the stereotypes and clicks of the book. What makes the beautiful satire become a generic humor that does not go away completely. <br /> <br /> So, if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, you might know comfort. We can think that some of the Wayans brothers are close around this story. WRONG! Wayans is in this movie, but Townsend shows the worst ability to get out of this fun family. Undoubtedly, at Living Colors, we thought it was necessary to constantly improve this comedy. Perhaps it was the direction of Townsend, or maybe this was a serious story, but this comedy was usually not too funny and was ignored when he came to the critique of this movie. I thought it was a fun, bright and bright pool of talented talent from the Townsend Hollywood Shuffle. Unfortunately, there were no predecessors. <br /> <br /> In the end, I would like to say it was a useful movie. There were some moments (while there was little face) while there was a smile on my face, the final product was not well fixed. Townsend may be fun, but felt that this film was playing against himself, but through his own experiences and personal problems. I realized that it was probably telling the truth, but that was never the case. Instead, we are overwhelmed with a weak story that is supported by a weak story through a weak story, but it's probably not working for this movie. I would not like to say those of those who are learning from this film because of the directorial debut. If you're starting to freshen up, write short scripts or defined topics. Townsend was not one of them, and with the inability to control its actors, the flames simply failed. <br /> <br /> In general, seeing was pretty bad. It reminded me of the grade of the students, and it's time to write your children. The word is hard, but when you first get two or three letters, you think it will work, but then there is no "P" randomly and this silent "R" goes down. I felt that way with Hollywood Shuffle. At first, I saw the potential, behind the image that I looked at and why, but with a fuzzy and inexperienced technique and the first two scenes, I felt a deep downfall. Townsend sank his ship, and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will ever immerse himself in Hollywood as an important moment in the movie. <br /> <br /> Grade: * away
