I saw the second part yesterday. And I must say, because it was really the first one. Initially, I realized, it's really a sequel, it's not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like Galaktikako antzinako filmak and series, because they wrinkles were seen as toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and they were totally harmful to the old galactics. This movie turns to the sides - Humans were harmful, but the whole movie was totally chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were not necessary, for example, the story of "computer experts" - absolutely empty. It would have killed me when I was a screenwriter. And get out of the planet? Or, please, if 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT) were bombarded, the radiation would die. And how will it really be that the large fleet of cilots was hidden before the attack? Aha, perhaps this was a computer virus created by Cylon - the script probably was written by a boy from a ten-year-old school. The good part of the film is that human beings have finally been defeated! Really defeated, the population is close to extinction (children die - two times explicit in the movie: 1 baby !!! maybe a month and ten years old, what violence ...). And they won bad donkeys and I think the first time is the first time that the film in the science fiction galaxy. I also value the design of cylinders (not only in Human Cylon's :-) but also good design, I like both the design of the likes of ships. Old human ships are never a version. And galactic - really nice with these ports, I liked it. But all this is, the design alone is not enough. The performance was very bad, the whole plot could be expected (they are just two things: ragnardock's human cylon and the end of human cylon). They were mere conversations (and they were just stupid in Slovak, but that's not the fault of the film). The whole movie was a movie that resembled a movie movie, but who worked on the series? What would it be? The star of a design the second is almost extinct for humanity.
