In my opinion, how did Pacino get this movie goes beyond. This movie is totally awesome. After reading other reviews, I discovered that this was a movie that I really enjoyed with a couple of people, because I am deeply confused, I do not see a movie that is terribly frightening as a revolution. It's not a bad movie, a lame ground and a very unpleasant one, but it seems that filmmakers are mentally retarded (that is, why it's a good explanation, but anyway, it probably still slows down compared to other movies made by other delays or to make the decision to absorb as much as possible decision-making decisions, for example, we can see that it is around the face of Donald Sutherland with a mole of ugly and big fat, it usually does not have a mole, it's not ugly and it's very ugly. It's like Robert De Niro, it's a lot worse, why is this hell upset? As the filmmakers said: "Let's see, how can we make the movie even worse? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a giant and ugly muxo on his face." <br /> <br /> Another example of the filmmaker's stupidity is Ned. We have seen, in the first three quarters of the film, young Ned . One moment, "six months later" appears on the screen. We'll see Ned again, and, of course, the actor is the same boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" will appear on the screen, and suddenly the actress plays like another old Ned. What do we think idiots? Good God! Again, filmmakers say: "How can we do it we can do worse? I do not think we can ... Oh wait! I had a great idea!" I know a child does not grow a lot of years, it's okay, but it grows at least three weeks. Do not play another Ned player, or play for at least five minutes, when it's three weeks younger. In addition, the child who plays "older" Ned is not older than "Ned". Actually, the appearance is completely different, much less, and is not as tall or older than the original actor, very confusing, like a rational man, first of all I thought that the character was different and different. . <br /> <br /> What happened when the first movie was filming the movie? It was already in the first hour and a half, and suddenly, three weeks later, Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barels play Ned in the last five minutes. Although the original actor died, filmmakers should have at least one actor playing the role of their plays, and "six months later" he had to shoot a five-minute magazine of the scene. Better still, the movie is completely dissolved, never finished or released, you never know about it, then you would have to realize the movie they would have, and at the end they would realize they would be in vain and more money. Making one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that you do not need to watch this movie so bad; It's so bad that you should see it, just how bad it is to see the pain. It's very terrible, it's horrible.
