As a brilliant actress, Al Pacino Revolution completely deviates ...? His approach to interpreting his method is a completely inadequate role for the illiterate captured in the American War of Independence. A large part of the blame should be cast to Hugh Hudson (well, the man who made the Chariots Of Fire two years before, come down the bass!). One of the many pieces of a director's career is to play actors, which boost their unbelievable performances, but in this case, Hudson has been able to request Pacino any sort of limit. It is not Al's disturbing route that only hinders the movie: Revolution is a number of other mistakes, which will later be said. <br /> <br /> Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) is illiterate that he lives north of the North American region: Ned with his son (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does it lead to a simple life? Living from the earth, raising his son, surviving the elements. It is dominated by colonial English countries, but after eight years (1775-83), the revolution takes place, the British is defeated and the end of the United States is an independent nation. Did Dobb catch up on these events when his ship and his son recruited the Continent Army? Unsuccessfully protected by events, Dobbs find themselves fighting for their lives and freedom, one after another. Tom is also in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and passionate woman from the British aristocrat. Their forbidden love is against the wider context of historical struggle. <br /> <br /> Where do you start movie mistakes? Most key actors are wrong? Pacino has already been criticized, but Kinskik is a bit more aristocratic than Donald Sutherland, who has lost a shameless English soldier who has a slow accent in Yorkshire. Robert Dillon's script adds attempts to bring in massive historical events in the personal level. No one has ever decided that this character wants to be a research on the American Revolution with the character of the Studio, with the few characters who use the story of a great war movie. As a result, no one falls to the ground for the narrative, from "great show" to "little story" without distinction or meaning. The scores of John Coriglianus are very impressive, and the procedure is reflected without thinking and subtlety. Hugh Hudson's malicious management is the malicious management of Pacino's and other major actors, as well as the irritating camera's work to make use of in action sequences. Is the idea of ​​a handheld camera instantaneous? fight "and" musket fire blend "there. Like other movies, it does not work. The film takes on little respectability, details of the past, clothing, sets and weapons, which are always accurate. But if you are interested in traveling to the museum, it would be a better way to spend your time, as the revolutionary film revolution does not qualify. There is nothing more than 18,000,000 pounds of mega-bombs, the British filmmaking disease that could not be suffered in the mid-1980s.
