The great word is "re-imagining". Is it not their name Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? The fast word, in fact, conceals the word that everyone hates, that is, it is "renewed", and almost sounds like joining the process of creation and imagination. Well, damned, I deceived. At least I was fascinated with the idea of ​​thinking more about gore and violence than "imagining it again", even though it was an important role. <br /> <br /> Still, why do you make a remake? Directors are really doing a few reasons: because they want a movie to update the modern audience, or to love it in the future and to make it happen in its honor. A tribute, if you like. However, in general, in general (I accept exceptions), one thing responds: to steal and restructure someone's idea (or "re-imagine") so that those who never saw or understood did not have the money to pay. They are like notes of Coles / Cliffs; Blend everything in the dump, rinse and clean everything that is curious and throw a few artificial flavors. In other words, an excellent marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with that? Well, I'll start to like them. I liked the scenes on the opening. Thanks to the CGI, we could have a bigger budget on the chaos of the holocaust in the area through the minimalist media contact with Romero. We see waste in the city, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words look beautiful on the screen. Then everything goes down. <br /> <br /> This configuration is not in any way. The film is made in almost every memory. It adds everything except the character, atmosphere and story. It's noisy (so to speak) with the most important characters that are dying and more accursed with absurd accents. The establishment, the story of the original film and the establishment that had a fundamental role in the matter, is purely coincidence. The idea that was published in the Romero film, "The pure field that spells on all the fortifications," is here. In addition, "re-imagining" has no motifs, no spirits, no balls. He thinks (probably, without reason) that the viewer does not pay much attention and does not concern the story or story of the characters. The film is running and there are still more relaxed interactions between the four characters of the original. In the version of Romero, you have really taken on the responsibility of these people, because their existence was realistic, despite the fact that it is a commercial outlandish madness. You do not mind when and where you are going: what matters is how they do it. <br /> <br /> What can be said? The movie is not terrifying. "Salto" has one or two scenes and the rest has special effects. As a story, it is very rigid to follow and the conflicts between characters are very undeveloped. Humor also reduces to single liners (Andy). Then what's left? The ending with a much ridiculous and ambiguous film that is an original movie. But despite the fact that they are bad films (although they are not as bad as other remakes), it must be remembered for one thing: he took the Passion of Christ at the box office. Do good zombies
