This movie is 'Hollywood hokum'. It's not based on a novel called "Too Narrow ??". It's not too deep 'Richard Sale, whether it's interesting or not; he would take investigations to find out! The story of the movie is, of course, in the back of the novel, but they have not been seen anywhere in the movie, so the movies were severely clipped or the scripts were an initial mess. This movie is in milliseconds that is not remotely realistic, depending on the events or characters. Hollywood fantasy is everywhere. Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre are both familiar and well-known actors who are losing out on film. They had to be thrown into the mix with the chopped omelette cut out, as they expect a taste to be improved. The movie is a great attempt to create a "story of morality", and it's so pleasing, and that's not expected. It is a story about some hardcore criminals who want to imprison French Guiana, from the colonial Frenchman who wants to escape through the jungle (much more in Hollywood jungle set with a rubber snake). In the story, a woman must be there, so Joan Crawford is mad at Clark Gable, an anti-fugitive, as it is impossible for some reason. Crawford escaping from the jungle has a tall footwear and keeps its make-up fresh. He makes two lies and moves on the sand and makes mawkish statements, his face crinkling as it was his custom, for all smiling and looking for suggestions, that is, his way of acting. It's hard to treat this character as hard-working as he always does when Clark is working hard to keep him from being a thief. (If you want to ask for help, they are stealing to a person who does not see the people and are adapted for work that is not appropriate). Full getaway is so dangerous that it can only be seen as a light entertainment. A religious and in-depth attempt is made that in the story, a "mysterious angel of mercy" is being made voluntarily in a jail prisoner and into a prisoner. He helps escape and helps all criminals and ministers to die, to find the latest "peace". Ian Hunter is a very well-known person who maintains a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles with cryptic prophetic reflections and prepares a small face on his face to brighten the sky. The subject is the intention of redemption. The Donald Duck version is called 'Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy'. Hitchcock's 1953 'I Confess' (1953) shows how deep it should be. On the other hand, this piece of nonsensical tone reveals what are the cabinets of meaning in the town of Tinsel, and when they began to find something that says something, those who invented had more tinsel.
