W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) has written many novels, and many stories, among the great writers of his life. However, despite his disappearance over the years, his work continues to be a critical and continuing respect. great public reading. It was published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE, a story of a veteran of the First World War. In search of spiritual enlightenment, he faces the western low values. Maugham's latest novel was very popular and well known. Considering that the conflicts of the novel are part of spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an innovative option for a movie version - but it fell in love with 20th Century Fox's Darryl F. Zannuck book and was adhered to the rights published after the publication. <br /> <br /> According to the film's play, THE RAZOR'S EDGE directed George Gomez's legendary songwriter under the direction of Maugham himself - and Maugham seems to have written an adaptation. While the film began production, Cukor replaced Edmund Goulding, a director known as the artist's touch, rather than a workman, and the Maugham script replaced Litur Trotti's legendary storytelling THE tales. OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, who recently returned to the war in the WWII, was spiritually conflicting as Larry Darrell was cast; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of his time, was the socialist Isabell Bradley. Particularly striking was cast support, Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. There were numerous budgets and shootings, and when the movie was premiered in 1946, people and critics admired it. <br /> <br /> Time is a way to inspect things. Nowadays, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a beautifully produced film, but the best of all is absolute, which is quite consistent. As in most cases, the main problem is script. Regarding reasons, although Maugham's novel is very close, it is obviously revealed by character, and it completely fails to cover the key issues that guide the story. Larry is telling us what he's looking for; He tells us that he gets picked; They tell us about it, but sometimes it is occasional and superficial comments, we never say anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes that follow. Above all, we have never said anything of any significance about the nature of illustration. The story has been creeping on the knees. <br /> <br /> We remain in the plot of Maugham, which focuses on Larry and Isabell's relationship, but a woman who loves Larry, but that is why she allows the growing ideological riff to open. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney expressed their talent for their talents of great physical beauty, but they both gave good performances with directing and script support. Unfortunately, this is not happening here; They are very unique and Power is much better. Fortunately, the young player is very good at Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; Anne Baxter's famous play, however, is not as wonderful as expected. <br /> <br /> With a duration of less than two and a half hours, the movie is also in vain. The appearance of the cocktail-type is apparently not apparent. However, the entire sequence of the Indian (which is so horny that reads) would be completely cut off. It is a curious situation, this is the same sequence as the axis of the whole movie. Regardless of the exact scene, it seems that everything is activated and there are no real points. <br /> <br /> Regarding the DVD, the movie was not renewed, but the printout is very good and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable, it is not very poor. Everything is said and done, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a four-star product, and all of us are willing to take the material - but, in fact, this movie will leave Power and Tierney fans to enjoy themselves. , and as clear as the idea of ​​spiritual illustration as the same as the movie itself.
