What would happen if Somerset Maugham decided to introduce a novice about a coal-fighter who was looking for a transcendental novel in a country club? If it were so, could it be called The Razor's Edge, as Katha-Upanishad tells us, "It's hard to overcome a sharp edge of a razor, so the wise man says it's a difficult way to save it." Maugham, however, decided to join the growing class. That's why we have Darryl F. Zanuck Larry Darrell's version; He recently returned from the WWI, carefully dressed up, well-connected and self-conscious in society, becoming a co-founder. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham says, "This is a young man I am writing, it's not famous, it may not leave more traces at the end of his life. On this earth, the stone that flows in the river is the stone that leaves the surface of the water When it first stops, however, it may be that the chosen lifestyle will be growing in its relatives, and it is therefore long. After the death, perhaps, at that time, he realizes that he was living a very prominent being. " <br /> <br /> Zimitzeko Ertzak Zanucken has the cultural flavor that everyone can buy. So seriously, so honest ... so important. As Larry is looking for his wisdom, he learned to work in mines, in commercial vans, from an ancient wise man climbing the Himalayas, his friend, self-esteemed girl, Isabel, Gene Tierney, and Anne's tragic childhood. Baxter, Cliffon Webb and his uncle and snobbish uncle, made up of Willie Maugham, performed by herbert Marshall. The movie is not so beneficial, it's the only thing that comes to God, just as Clifton Webb's as Elliot Templeton. "I've lived a hundred ways, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without an afternoon clothes". Webb has some good lines, but with Clifton Webb, it works with Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck's Twenties He won a century-old reputation when he bought the rights of Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power's military service was released. The Hamar made sure that they were well-dressed accessories, a score that was intended for the cathedral, and also wrote some scenes. The effort is as conscious as fat as men in rented clothes. In addition to watching things in the Razor's Edge in Hollywood, I can say that hard work for many people is not illustration, fatigue and low pay. <br /> <br /> Almost two and a half hours later Larry carries a bag of his own. He will return to Europe to America, happy with his face. "My dear," Somerset Maugham said to Elizabeth at the same time sitting in an adorned lounge: "We have found what we want from Larry, and many of us never get it. I do not think anyone can do it better and nobler, more aware Knowing, dear, man is the greatest force in the whole world ... and that's right! "Larry and the audience need a healthy dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, without forgetting, plays, novels, essays and stories was a good writer. To see how movies can do justice, see how some stories were brought on the screen by Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting Larry Darrell's, give it some time with Lawrence Durrell. Alexandria quarto is a good read.
