In the summer of 1979, when this short movie was included in this new HBO movie, Gas Line Summer & Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer was. Variable moods, a low-budget car, the solo mission was to finish movies, although "Smokey & the Bandit" high-speed movies followed Roadrunner live cartoons a few years before. It's as foolish as "Corvette Summer" as it's the first ever movie "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", it's usually lighter and sexier. Kenneth (Hamill) is a senior automotive graduate who has just come to Vegas with the signature Vette home-based robbery that pulls Vegas's auto-theft ring into her shop-class masterpiece. In the I-15 desert frontier (see "Fear and boredom in Las Vegas") it enters the personalized van (yes, this is the end of the van tail), guided by moving landmarks. Vanessa (Potts), through a passionate and ardent comic book, to go to Sin City on the way, well done by any ambitious staff. Vanessa, got it? It's overwhelming that the innocent Kenneth Vegas is over his head, helping his all-American decision and his new friend to help him, even though he is considered to be the world's wiser call girl girl is expected to first. Why, at the age of "Women," Vanesa could explain his talents, money and the future in the world's oldest but decent work in college, or even in haute couture, young men who wanted to think everything. women are at least happy with the career path. Remember the recipient, right? Hamill is a good choice for Kenneth's whitening limb (the car is not personally for him but for his school), who does not intend to get rid of violence, money or love. the car was really stolen. He works with Potts style and energy, but Vanessa is very credible, but the most credible testosterone machine he wants to buy. Bad guys are surprisingly humane, especially Brion James, always good. But there is not much action and no type of movie dialogs, graphics or Heavy Themes. You can always reach it by turning the TV key and entering the "Pong" console. Chris Mitchum appeared the same time a similar but stricter vehicle called "Stingray", with more skin, speed and causes. The best features of each movie can be a Vette movie. Thus, the office automobile left by Trans Am left the rule of the store. Another Lost Poem in the "Speed ​​Channel's" series of serious weekend footage, Lost Drive-in.
