If you go to teens in the 70s, you will probably remember stories about Studio 54 or not. The exclusive club, in the 70s, was an excessive cultural abilities and self absorption; A great VH1 documentary is all about what you want to know about its era, and stories are quite interesting to create a very attractive film. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this was not. The life of 54 people continues, Shane (Ryan Phillippe), Greg (Breckin Meyer), wife, coat, Anita (Selma Hayek), and, of course, master. The same ceremony, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). Although the club's running of the bulls is well-imagined, this film takes more account of the personal lives of the workers, following Shane's closest story. <br /> <br /> It works on a movie rumor. Sometimes an explanation of the night culture (Shane dinner and when he does not know 'Errol Flynt'), and sometimes it sometimes becomes a melodrama hokey. Some of them are inherent in this premise? When they are rich in the rich and fascinated world of the rich? But there is a lot in the club and Rubell's children's gloves treatment. Rubell definitely electrified the scene of New York for his high performance and every night he chose the crowd manually, because drugs and sexuality were not touching briefly; and while Rubell himself mentions his abuses, a strange future is emerging as a liar of life, as a fraud, as a drug addict, as hell. I was not looking for a man to be caught here, but he helped his dreams to diminish the club's culture and nightlife. The regular scene of the regulars is so sensitive that it is emotionally false and, in any case, absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers makes up his mind to catch Rubell, but she's so little to work here. it is effective; But it is good, and it helps to anchor the movie. As Philippe generally finds myself an actor, he is stuck in the depths and stupidity of his nature; He wants to smile with a deer's smile or a drowsy headache, and he can not even translate it into a solid performance. Both Hay and Meyer are well-written, and Neve Campbell? Does it appear dramatically on DVD cover? It appears so short that it has a long camera. <br /> <br /> That's why I am still interested, though fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But, given this, this was not a particular concern for this film, despite its tendency to taste. I would like to say that the club at that time has an interest in you, continue with special VH1s, but rather this central melodrama.
