Phantom of the Mall is a movie that best suits the "easily forgotten" category. The story of Gaston Leroux, Phantom of the Opera, is a popular variant of the famous story. It's not a bad idea for himself, but the production and production of this film is so weak a decent homage to this story. Beside the side, Gaston Leroux still has to turn around in his grave. It could have been a lot worse. <br /> <br /> The center's ghost is not a waste of many unnecessary remedies and it's too boring to be memorable. Also, the scriptwriters needed the sketch too much for the story they needed. And even though the great mystery that arises from Eric's character ... the basic argument is ordinary and déjà-vu. *** SPOILERS *** A young couple is split apart, because the boy dies in a fire. The fire was put into his home, because he and his parents refused to sell the house to make a huge store to build. The boy's fire survived and he frightened himself to defend the merchants themselves. Meanwhile, now he looks after the girl who works in her house and tries to forget her loss. END SPOILERS *** This crust is pretty simple, but effective. It annoys mere elements and conspiracy theories. It must be a horror movie, but desperately wants to be a smart thriller ... and that's not what fans are looking for. There are some murders that are innovative, but they are not enough for people who want to watch a horror movie. Also, Phantom of the Mall can have a sense of humor! All this production - introduced - is very serious. <br /> <br /> I will try to conclude with some positive aspects ... For example, Ken is a Foree star! Deadly horror fighters play Peter in the dead! It's like a landmark of horror that is still the same. In this film, his role is limited, although it is completely useless ... it was good to see it again. Television fans will also meet the mayor of Morgan Fairchild, an actress and an elegant lady. This Pauly Shore also exists, but I can not stand ... so I can think of it a little bit about it. And finally, the best actress for Kari Whitman. The girl is very beautiful and has some talent ... it's never been bad. Actually, this movie is his greatest achievement and he says his career enough ...
