About five minutes and I saw where I was. High school children get angry at the administration of the school and the thoughts of rebellion begin. I told my girlfriend: If I was 5 on the IMDb, I read and read a book. It was 5.0, so he persuaded me to continue watching. What are good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, surely the attention that you would edit. It is like a drawing drawn by one of the teachers, the footage for this film was cut in by a very strained crash, and half of the stock was destroyed, and the other half came in two seconds. bit In the second scene of local television news there are also six cuts and three different angles. And then there are mounts. All of these are put into electronic music, which is what you have planned for the other installation, so you start to spend about three minutes each time you hear about Pavloven's dog. Oh, I should say what it means about this movie. Well, the movie has been filmed very well, with a nice color palette; For example, the emotional content was well adapted, for example. Ok, now with the main error of the movie, and there was no story, or missing it. The director made a serious mistake to confuse people and situations, not because of intelligent stories, but with great ability to show around the main characters. That's just a scam. I think that the main character was to be pleasing. But it was annoying. If the story is full of holes, it is not good to see it by misleading the viewer. And there was often no point. And then the end. Basically, the chief criminals of peace are intelligent, if cowardly. Moreover, it seemed to him to be the whole point of the movie, to give himself a just cause, through the misdirection already mentioned, and to enter into a point on the nature of the already made revolutions. and much better, from the animal farm. Bill Cosby also committed to what I call sin: at first things seem to end, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And in truth, unless I am, this is not true.
