Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the owner of the famous and famous chef in California. She has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), pregnant and a beautiful son of about five years. Sammy, indeed, loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Hyde, has a double life, many women sexually. He wants to help Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski). Okay, it's my fault: I read a review of the IMDB users' comments. I saw IMDB ratings, but I did not think Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could have a bad movie. I decided to look, and really some comments are very happy. Storyline, script and interviews are so absurd and hilarious, as well as in X films we can find more intelligent stories. The photography is so amateur and naive, it seems to come in some parts with a VHS camera. Michael Des Barres does not make any sense of ridicule: old man, bald, would be acceptable for the Viagra announcement or grandfather of the boy. But the attractive man who gets and acquires sex with a beautiful woman is terrifying. Within Wood Allen's comedy, maybe he got a chance, but it's a 'serious' movie. I want to accept why I want to accept Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinsk in a frightening, amateur, and trash movie. Do they need money? Do you have the most opportunities missing because of better movies? Did the friends of the director (sorry for using this word) and decided to help and promote it? I do not know whether Rosanna Arquette's intent was to show off silicone breasts, but it's unacceptable to accept such a good actor. The same thing happens with the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. Fats are presented, without make-up, without glamor. It is lacking respect in the history of cinema with one of the most beautiful actors. Actually, it's very interesting to me: how can a reader, without personal interest, push the trash, give more reviews or write good comments about this movie? They are friends of "director" (again, I use the word ...) or throw it away? I find it very strange that a typical IMDB reader likes this movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sex '(' Sexual addiction ')
