You can not deny an affinity for agility. That's why movies like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit get a way to play for audiences, especially for local satellites. We live in a tiny island, and I can not understand why, relative to the relative efficiency of the public transport system, many of us want to get rid of the debt if they reach wheels with 100% tax rates. Taxes and bills that work. Not only that, high-level sports cars dominated a renowned North Pole, whose fourth gear never reached the sea. <br /> <br /> And these movies are pretty easy. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go hand in hand to get the demographic needed. Again, short lips that show short legs and short legs of two meters long can not help competing with these exotic car exotic cars. Of course, among us (ahem) women are sexist as portraits of sexual objects (otherwise, engine shows why model cameras are loaded and movies like these can not leggy in a frame). However, they do not guarantee the suspicion of orgasmic collectives when the four wheels enter the screen, even if they do nothing and park the park in the Park. The men sitting next to me swear as they show off when their dreams come true, their pants will wet, and their pants will burn even more when they hear that crying motorbikes. The fan-tails that appeared on sailors to see what movies the latest cars came from. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines take center stage, like the GT. Here, Ford GT's front-end change is very proud, I'm also surprised by Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX and all new models with their doors. But seriously, my heart goes to the cars to be entertained without mercy. I mean, that they are a great performance model of the automotive industry, but, nevertheless, the one who financed the film gave millions of blows, because they can <br /> <br /> There is no story that Redline simply borrows asphalt to satisfy excuses in a most boring way, and with conventional pedals (always an accelerator, remember, to brake) to create a movie full of beauty. pedaling is blasphemy and you do not respect), steering wheels, gears (always changing and not down), while saying that all the actors are doing the helmets that make the engine and each one with emotion. other dirty looks. The request for an actor is very high, which is why we get the highest performances we get ever with the lines written by basic school writings. <br /> <br /> The hero (well, the girl has also made a statement), Natasha (Nadia Bjorlin, a very plastician) is one of millions of dollars. A girl who looks like a model does not diminish indifference and is immersed in oil. a pedigree race and what it does: rock band songs sing songs with flat songs (each line must be connected to the car, and when it is sung when it comes to love, we had to remove the hints as gear, lubricants and rides). A gangster called Infamous Eddie Griffin), Leo DiCaprio is involved in family-related crimes against a veteran Iraqi veteran and is looking for a healthy uncle. Everything else, as I have said, is a pretext for racing as a race. <br /> <br /> And it is almost always the same, it is very limited with what you can do to increase the voltage as well. Among the races, especially when the race is drawn (for reasons of narration) and you know the race is about a mile away. Although I am fast and furious with charismatic actors, I will cut off Paul Walker, named Sun Kang, and, of course, he created the star - Vin Diesel, who was not Redlin, with a nice face and air unfortunately. The TV series looks like a very strange initial sequence, a man, a car and a race before Vegas 105 minutes. <br /> <br /> If it is not for cars, then this movie is seriously littered, bad performance, bad lines and bad action. They love anyone who likes sharp carriers or their favorite movies, without any words that they draw their bodies.
