For some time, I've seen a movie about 42 minutes on the scene. When Scott Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are on the beach, they suddenly become things and Sheilah begins to weep. At that moment he tells his lover his drowsy past. "This dramatic scene" becomes exceedingly overwhelming and absurd, but I could not help my wife turn around and I thought that all stupid ones ... dramatic television dramatic television grew, becoming a crescendo false. No one is experiencing such moments - no one. Now, the rest of the film is true, I can not say it, but this particular moment was very secular and bad as the Rolex of $ 8 - and I believe that other reviewers are correct. The movie is a lot of bunches. However, I am not the expert in the life of these two people, and it does not seem that cleansing on the Internet. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham, and what relationship they really were? As far as I know about Fitzgerald, however, what I saw in the movie seems to be different. Was it a man, gentle and dignified, at the beginning of the film? Well, when he was married, when he went to Graham and he drank like a fish at the same time, I think he was not there. Was it later as bad and rich as we see in the movie? Maybe, but it was a bad thing, and yet Mrs. Graham was left with her, and then she wants to be a complete dummy. And you do not want to see someone who appears in a movie. And if it were not so, the film gives it a pleasant memory. In any case, visual experience has been painful and not very enjoyable. <br /> <br /> The amount of this movie seems like two people are not particularly enjoyable or healthy. In a dark and humid way, some will be very funny, but most of them probably see the disaster of the train on the way without a surprise! Unpleasant, but with a shiny production of values ​​(especially beautiful music, but in the highest way) he asks: "Why did they first choose?". Bottom line: it's a very bad movie and it's probably not worth your time - even though, like me, Gregory Peck is a great fan.
