I would like to know Mormon before me, unlike those who have reviewed this film. I mention this, I understand how much more credible it is to look at the film. For some, the critical movie may be a critical faith, and this is not my intention. So, my review is trying to look at the outside, and to find out more about this man and his people. Well, after watching the movie, I've undoubtedly learned a lot. As a teacher of history, I have a good basic knowledge of young people, as well as with Joseph Smith, as well as church teachings. But anyone who wants to learn to watch this movie will be disappointed to be sure to be pretty, very nice and unrealistic in his portrait. Additionally, you learn almost anything about the beliefs of the church, except for a nice person, you work hard and some have many wives (and only the last part is shown in the film). Instead, people are almost like cartoons. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their angelic followers, were all Mormon demons and Brian Donlevy (when he played the same role Edward Robinson THE TEN COMMANDMENTS later played Edward Robinson) is a problem. Mormon, but it's just that next movie that could be a bad guy. It's very easy ... it's very easy. Doing almost as much as a film or advertisement advertisement. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was a very complicated man: he has many good points (great organizer and spectator) and bad (do not even start with opinions on shields between the church or his wife). It's a stupid thing, as well as with the movie Ben Kingsley, in Gandhi, in a similar way, they found out that there were incidents that were almost super-human. I think that I think about it, that is, most of the cinematic religions - they are often in a single, sad and Soft, let's say the full and complete movie of these men, which are emotional events and recitals. <br /> <br /> Now that you refuse to learn a lot of faith, or its second leader, the movie is quite enjoyable in 20th Century-Fox The movie really likes someone, including Tyrone Power, top actresses (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell, and Vincent Price) and great actors (Dean J agger). John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also featured a great location and great splendor. Simply telling us not all the others were "waves". In addition, there were many flawed facts and stupid scenes. Among the mistakes, among others, when the young man took Joseph Smith himself (three years later), he was referring to Mormon's designations and different groups, though he spoke of "Golden of California". 1847 and gold were not found until 1948 and polygamy or Smith's wives were not mentioned. Only a rare scene is Carradin pulling his gun out and daring to shake the scenes on the scene - and nobody really knew that he was mindful, even though he was very much an enemy! Do you not think, at least, that the judge would say that he was to be removed and threatened with people threatening him? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Last comment. Do not repeat it, see when this movie appears in American Movie Classics (a great station that has ruined many of the last few years). Despite being a critical movie despite its simplistic message, I was terrified at the stations for church and traditions. I mean this. The film has announcements for formulas for penis enlargement and pop-up tonnes (some images show "cast most"). I'm going to talk about respectful and gross, and I'd be wrong for any other religious film. In doing so, not only insulting faith, they neglect their market - after all, who will hear these things and the life of Brigham Youngen! Is this your movie to show off to your children or to others?
