Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager targeted by Satan (and LSD), by her archaeologist Richard Richard. There are neighborhood hippie demons worshiped in the old old castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, put on medication, get dressed in sexual orgies, dance with a psychedelic rock, and pants, masks, and capoons wearing boys. And women do not wear anything. Unfortunately, these out-of-class activities Leila possessed demons as "horrifying spirits" of evil. Leila also has a confused family that does not help. John's old brother seems to be in love with him. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depression, responsible for her father's death. Finally, his sister (Maria Kosti) is a half goal scorer (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is plenty of hiring support to lose more time. The two maids (a young man who takes away his clothes and the old man who spies them all), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a neo-manual voyeur who changes his clothes to Leila, nudes her and enters the pool house to take a sniff used for her new bathing suit. Oh, and Borg, a German pet pastor. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the father of Adrian Dunning, the priest who deceased (zzzzz), John and Richard begin to think twice about throwing themselves back. Leila said: "They say they are evil, and I will prove to be true." During the birthday, he told the guests: "Hail me! I hate you all!" And when her mother suggests she arrives at a doctor, she screams, "I do not want to see that fat donkey!" Debbie recommends that Leila "healthcare" commit herself, but Leila escapes and reunites worship. He retrieved (again) and moved it home (third time). At the moment of the film, only ten minutes remain, and everything we have seen is very little. The boring scene of the characters talk and weep their lives as they are awful and bad, and as she is curious. Andy Milligan is like a movie, almost gore and laughs. Finally, in the last minutes, we get a title movie: a similar EXORCIST owned. Unfortunately, Leila's contact lenses are the best part. They wear armrests, legs and faces that are cheap at a rhythm of time, their lips get dense and their eyes look like blue and white marbles. He begins to enjoy the rotten flesh, flushes a few clues, starts talking with his father's voice, goes into his mother's room, bit off and calls it "dirty bitch." He goes on to see that Father Adrian, who now believes he is the owner of the seduction, tosses frogs and eels into the kitchen, and leaves Leila blessed with water. The doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there is a sudden thunder and its bed rises on the floor. After firing on the dagger and on the two stairs, the spirit does not have and who is it? Why, the Borg family dog! Then the dog turns the devil into Adrian and chews a little bit before stealing the fireman. Then, the film is committed to a final non-committal shot. Leila is on the ground from her incredible appearance, to her usual normal look. But then there seems to be another time-lapse effect that the devil can bring his body back. It's so badly done, you really do not think what you need to do, that is, the last dole in the face has realized that they have squandered an hour and a half for anyone who is faithful to this POS. /> Contacts rotated from 10 to 10.
