I'm surprised by other comments that I've had a lot of praise in this movie. For me, it was a disgrace, especially in the combination of historical events, fantasy and inner turmoil (Vonneguten Slaughterhouse Five and George Roy Hill's screen adaptation). Credibility is excessive. There are too many questions open. Did I miss some missed points? Or did I detect the lines that were connected to the points? <br /> <br /> Campbell, Jr. A boy named New York is growing. At home, his father has several technical documents and a book. He has dead bodies of dead bodies. He leaves the boy through the book, his father does not want to do that. What do you tell me? The family goes through New York to Berlin. BANG. It is in 1938, the boy is a man married in Berlin and a playwright. What theater did he write? Which language? Does the success? His wife is an actress and has a brilliant appearance. Parents return to the U.S. and invite their son. It does not. Why? Does Germany feel older than germany in America? Why is it successful? Because he is his wife? Because she likes her life? Because they like the Nazis? Is it nonsense and does not like change? Do not ask <br /> <br /> Perhaps, no matter what the man is, he is not interested in politics, he is an existentialist. He says he is in love with his wife. He speaks two of his Republic (meaning himself and his wife). There is little evidence in the movie about the love of his wife; Much seems to be a Republic. <br /> <br /> Campbell, Jr. The request of an American agent is allowed to send anti-Semitic drugs. Native American propaganda hates US audiences as a device for transmitting encrypted messages that have read the statistical lines. The short meeting with the agent at the Berlin chair in the park is nonsensical and opposed. Playing the decision is pretty simple, without explanation, it seems that the broadcast is emitted and it looks seemingly fast. <br /> <br /> So Campbell, Jr. We have, as air showcasing Free Free American. The most realistic and exciting scheme for transmitting secret messages - Campbell, Jr., has really and honestly coughs, dislike, and so on. He had (he had messed up messages). In any case, the Nazis will lose, their wife dies (for the Crimean troops to make their way to the Germans - I never even heard these visits in the second World War II of the Germans). , catches an American soldier who recognizes his string (how it will come), drags himself into the tour of watching Auschwitz's sight, and then released and resettled in the city of New York with the help of the Crucial Agent. /> <br /> And this is the story really begins <br /> <br /> BANG. From here, Paul Auster is a short story. It's 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in a New York-owned building and is saddened by his wife's loss. Does anyone really care? Yes, to some extent, and its neighbors offer a certain distraction. Auschwitz alive Painter Some supremacists in the United States know "him" and wants to imagine himself. Although he found his alleged dead wife or his wife? However, in the end, Campbell, Jr., the Israeli consulate calls, and the treatment of the Great Penitentiary, located in the cell that is next to Adolf Eichmann, writes the story of his life and, once it is finished, hangs on machines without hanging on machines. Although the problem of guilt and loss is, I have only one person capable of loving anyone who is indifferent to everything at any moment. It was difficult to accept his attitude towards the sadness of his loss. It's amazing that many reviewers consider their status as a war hero when they play their last celebration when they play the latest free American. The courage, indeed, is that, despite the acceptance of the film, Campbelle suggests that he has earned himself the status he won, because politically he would be in a secure position with the one who won the war. The risk of the show never started in the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> The whole story is a fantasy of dreams that no one can have historical accuracy or logical development. the story that explains everything. But then it also fails to point out, above all, I suspect that falling love falls into the Republic because love falls. It's a pity, especially when his wife played a versatile and sensual actress, Sheryl Lee. It has little time on the screen and has to use a hilarious German accent. Some other neglected aspects are different texts (confession, diffusion and hidden messages), but I think that this can not be largely. Maybe I would book it.
