I heard some little things about Cabin Fever, almost as much as listening to the risk. As it turns out, the first film of the new company Eli Roth is so much an effort as the IQ scores go on while the movie goes on. There are worse movies, and probably more crazy (I do not know how big the number of hostels in vain has been in vain, so there's a good deal for fans of the genre). The premise is not necessarily bad, however: children will go to a booth for a week at weekends, they will find a very ill man, covered with blood, and who are panicked. He has been killed by water in the reservoir, and soon, the characters have fallen into viruses that smoke in one way or another. The characters, including college children (including Rider Strong hero and James DiBello), or 'people', for point of inertia, however, are not pains. <br /> <br /> When they fulfill their destinies, the citizens get rather curious, and it seems that they are simply not throwing them together without laughing; 'Pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and maybe it's just another movie or even more fun, but it just does not work in the rest of the movie context. A young character policeman is also harder and less persuasive than others. After a stir, DiBello's family following are not aware of some options. But, at the same time, Rothe cleans his screenplay wisely from the window and sudden fears and horrors pour blood to the crowd and a killer dog around. That does not matter. Now, like Troma's horror movie lesser or lesser in the 70s and 80s, I think Roth is a tough fan. It does not do anything The intelligent also does not have the origin of the virus origin. <br /> <br /> But unlike movies, it's not really good ideas for great scary camps. His film tries to do that, of course, and only once or twice has a bad and bloody time (while I was riding a hard bunny bike). It's been filmed for a short time (though it's a style of thinking, a black lens or a story about the bass player). Simply, it has many illusions with appearances and options (you shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it's quite ordinary land. This is your cup of tea, if you want more power. But in the end, I did not find the true genre territory not offered to the sensitivity of the audience, but it does not need to go to this fence as the B-film is clear. Rothe also completes the movie that ends with the final release "zer-hell", because the film puts black secretary Santa Claus beard shops. It is possible that something is going on better or if it has fallen full. The same could be said for the big movie. C-
