I do not know whether Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... But I know it's a joke that is much closer. A few years ago, the horror film community took a new step and decided to disseminate the genre, so it created the Scream series. Scream was given a list, because the characters of the horror movie would offer stupid things, and the characters of Scream did the same, they added a lot of humor and irony to the genre's analysis, and horror films would expect to be different from now on, both from the genre's irony and from the movie's own. Self-stroke, or at least a different film based on the dramatic process. the same fatigue criteria. Seeing "Cabin Fever," many of them will see how strange, serious, unprofessional, boring, and even horrifying, are some of the "scary" movies, even a few years later. First of all, this film is lacking in originality. It has been said several times, today's horror directors have re-created remakes of foreign films with little imaginations, but filming films in the woods seem to seem "horrible". just a ripoff. Anyone who wants to be surprised by the story of the film's story will not be: once again, we will work on films with characters from the early thirties that do not think of it as a problem. But rather than discussing a few hours and trying to get fights and do something about it. There is not much excitement. For the tenth time of the horror film, they are tempted to kiss, make love and are basically fun, other things that are not really seen in horror films. Secondly, this movie is unimaginatively serious. In every person's conversation, in conversations, all the situations in the film are severely treated, while some viewers with a bad disc will open when some people eventually die. As he directs, writes or plays it, there is no humor or sarcasm, so it's amazing to think that movies will never hear the invisible virus (never laughter). . I have not created a play, because there is no actor in this movie. Without a doubt, he hired cast to be friends or neighbors with the director. Thirdly, anyone who has seen a "good" horror movie will strike, the script is completely empty. Nothing happens, some actions are repeated more than once ("let's help!"), It is not sensible, probably, the most funniest thing in the episode of events, of the psychology of the characters, or of the movie. It should be fun for the director and scriptwriter. In the end, I think a horror movie is scary. False blood gallons, whether they are being removed, are only escaped from corrupted limbs or wounded, they were never enough to repel audiences. The main features of script, ideas, and even cruelty are also required for those who have frightened something. If it were not completely frustrated, I would agree with only one talented movie: watching them are dirty. However, there are two very different feelings and fears. Find out <br /> <br /> Anyone who would like to know more about watching horror films for the first time ever to watch movies does not like anyone, 60, 70, 80s, Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Films made by Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... the fear or horrific fear, but the persuasion that the audience is "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example of this film, some of the tracks by composer Angelo Badalamenti are some of the pieces that have been shown for these films, although everything that has been done before has been below all the previous compositions.
