In 1995, when you were disappointed with the horror yarn, "The Fear" will be disappointed in this crazy little series. Something similar continues, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except the presence of Morty, the man-made monsters. Here is a short overview. <br /> <br /> Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, a decent performance) after twenty years, his father died brutally after his mother witnessed his life, Mike is still suffering from that day. In order to free himself from fear, he brings his girlfriend and many friends to his grandparents' home. His intention is to wear clothes that point to everyone's fear, and then he will introduce the fears of Morty. One Indian friend says that this process is magically removed. Mike does not know what Morty is aware of his father's spirit and starts killing his friends ... or is Mike really killing himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> You can have some concerns with this movie. The first one is with Morty. The originals gave Morty the impression he could convince. This time, it is very obvious that the male Morty (actress Jon Fedele) is in a fake appearance. This can be seen especially in the initial scenes, where Morty is still alive, but if you can see it, she can blink. Another problem is that most of the characters do not harden enough. Some, Betsy Palmer, on Friday, celebrated the 13th, was a great success in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or do not give it a chance. In the end, there are murders. The axes of the murder of the ax were very persuaded. Actually, when I saw them, I thought it was a good movie. In the second half of the film, and when the killings really begin, everything falls. Deaths are creative, invisible, or foreseen (because Currie's next scene looks black-out). A character dies at the end and no one includes the viewer. At the beginning half was required more characterization, it was not very bad. It was the second part. I think Chris Angel's new director has arrived at this point and I really do not know how to promote scenes, so they've turned real sloppy and pedestrians. Not even an endless idiot helps. So if you do not really love the original and you do not enjoy the splinters under your skin, you should skip The Fear 2: Halloween Night. Score of Zanatos: 10 to 4.
