Attack Force has a terrific title and almost certainly can be judged by the tremendous coverage because it is a great movie! A mish-mash on the ground, a confused mess, and a dreadful rhythm, they started to make hard films to start off. I managed this and I am proud. Thanks to Seagal's work (mostly in ancient days), it's a terrible pain. Actually, Seagal's films in the last thirty films really liked him, but at least some of them had recoverable features. Attack Power is wrong. Since the concept has been delivered, this film has undergone many changes, starting from a foreign line, today's super drug, when it's open to Romanian (the film has many settings, and all of them are not Romanian, but all in Romania are like Romania!). The film is not an original shootout about the state. Plot holes and loose ends are plain enough to film, surely. This is also a problem in Seagal's latest films, but it has never been so boring. A whole line that is available is being poisoned by a CTX (poza drogas cool name) poisoned! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the plot has not been the main toss of the Seagal canon, so the rest of the departments, especially the actions, were very careful. Prior to reflection, all other departments are poor. The director is inadequate or perhaps better placed to look bad. Who knows how directed Michael Keusch directed this film? While finishing his work, the return and edition of the boy, Tom Delmar, has completely lost a consistent view of the author. The best way to describe the movie is only in the store! Cinematography is a dull, almost damping thing, while droning score (as if it were produced by inexpensive cheap synthesizers) does not disturb anything. Also bad cast, nothing can be recovered here. Seagal looks much more than recognition and doubles through a large part of the image when the plot points change. It seems tired and overweight and lethargic, unlike in previous photos (as we have already mentioned, the key phrases in Seagal's final images have been). The only selected member is Adam Croasdell, who is the wicked, the Brit routine. It seems to have been a rejection of the foreign line because it acts inhumane. It looks like a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (a hot cock that appears from time to time, apparently appearing waiting for her husband Dracula) <br /> <br /> Eventually action. It's poor Badly conceived, poorly shot. It's not much, and even less is Seagal. Stevo does not really get duplicates here, because it's so much to do. The action scene is long (repetitive and boring), alternatively alternating on Seagal's stand and Seagal was not there while shooting scenarios, and they wanted to appear. action scene Seagal finally appears to shoot two people in mind. Seagal has a producer credit and has a script credit, but as I understand, the film has changed its background to the current situation. Seagal is not apparently collaborating with that person or by Castel Studio. superb sub-image (something that he says), material. <br /> <br /> In general, this is not the Avoid Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe because the big man probably does not want to be bad again. Unfortunately, the next movie that has already filmed, that is, is worse than that. *
