As a film in Finland's most expensive history, "Dark Floors" is a horror movie, with a highly-fledged narrative, in a hospital abandoned by a series of increasingly "unusual" floors (ironically enough). the characters are trapped. A father and father, who had been dismayed by a doctor with a daughters' daughter in hospital, are discussing their daughter in a lodge with one of the hospital nurses. Assisted by a security guard, the businessman and a seemingly poisoned hat have suddenly abolished the team, but they are not alone. Finnish filmmaker Pete Riski is filmed under English-language "Dark Floors", mainly with English actors, but Finland's "Lordi" (2006 winners of the Eurovision Song Contest) is clearly included. They themselves, that is, in theatrical plays of great monster monster, however, in the case of all that racism, the production fails to persuade the viewer to persevere in most cases. <br /> <br /> Movies that use the main character. The phrase "Still Quiet" has already fallen on the wrong path, and Lordir's horror effect does not break this agreement. For the good ideas that are thrown into the mix, we will find some topicals and, even worse, something originally interesting is not just enough reason. The concept of degrading floors at the beginning is very disturbing and it is imperative that at least those who are trapped in a prison sentence feel publicly. However, there is not enough room to create and fear the fear of people's fear, the audience becomes aware that the journey will become more and more dangerous, as black hell degeneration through bright white levels, but I do not think the characters are aware that this is a sufficiently threatening factor. Similarly, the entire film that is basically in its bubble is a pleasant touch once again, it is a concept that is often not used in the horror genre, but the characters are not confronted with fear and disorderly situations. As a result, they make it easier for their business and without even worrying about the idea of ​​the public. Initially, good ideas are left to leave the debris, as the directors and / or Lordi (though they had many ideas in the film) had thoughts, but could not agree or decide how best to use them. and therefore lose their purpose and the point. <br /> <br /> However, frustrating comedies are large, but not for creative reasons. Too much clichéd, it's too recyclable and it's just too ridiculous. While Noah Huntley plays fairly well, the characters are just cardinals that are glued to the story from other films. We have a male lead along with a clear love of love for our daughter. Together with "Couples", we have a traditional black token man as a strong security guarantor, who is credible with the infinite clash before the arm, and who is credible only to look at himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, Lordi cast's introduction, as a night-time creature that overlooks our group of mischievous teams, does not appear to be like themselves. Scary horror movie for audiences puts fear in the context. "The Shining" is terrifying because he is a member of your family, "Dawn of the Dead" is mutually fearful, and the zealous thinking of zombies, irrational models and cannibalism, is the fear of "Alien". , the creature is rationalized and this is not "dark in the dark". Perhaps, it is not unfair to compare this production with the genre's monoliths, but when you do it it shows a dramatic leverage and the attacker only feels like demented Klingon. In it, you can see almost dressed costumes without breaking. "Lordi" environments are not terrifying. <br /> <br /> It encourages us to say that we are noteworthy and, because they hope that it works well, you want them to say that they produce the same quality of smaller production. The film "Hollywood" expels, as George A Romero has initiated, but it is not always performed. I enjoyed cinema and felt that I was not losing ninety minutes in vain, but I felt pleasure in a totally empty, unfamiliar, emotionally or critically-influenced manner. I put almost the point where I was a narrated narrative, but it disappears in disrepute. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will all this be done again? Even the smallest understanding about what will happen to the movie, it simply strives to be a craftsmanship. Is the whole sequence of events just a sequence of real or dreams? Did the autism see the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and had a huge nightmare, thanks to the stress she was under? Who knows? And, sadly, I do not work for energy. "Dark Weight" is a terrific experience, although at the end of the day, the superficial remains have potential, and at the very least it shows the creative energy generated by Lord Lord, perhaps it should be that solo work should develop his own ideas. It is one of the fans or genres of the group that might have to be obtained, but it will let you be left lighter in the bad state.
