Lordi 2007 was an important hype and revelation that won the Eurovision Song Contest as a metal song ("Hard Rock Hallelujah"), which was not so heavy, and was dressed as an awesome monster in the scene. But, to be honest, their victories have very little with their great music talent. The Eurovision Contest became a major political circuit gradually over the years and Lord probably won his song that eventually led to a small change? more importantly, because their entire action was annulled every year during the whole year. The absolute last thing involves the change and intelligence of the Lord's (horror movie horror movies). Based on the idea of ​​this "Dark Floors" singer and the rest of the group in solidarity roles, the accumulation of climatic topics is truly unimaginative and hopeless. A horrific budget ("Dark Floors", which is considered to be the most expensive Finnish film) definitely guarantees a lot of artwork and make-up artistry, but what is it worth to tell the story? The films are located in a famous hospital, where a group of people, including a father and a young daughter who has not identified a disease, are trapped in the elevator. When the doors are opened again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. In order to reach the exit, the team will encounter many awful and unexplained obstacles, such as stinking bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters that come out of the ground. Only three points left for "Dark Weight" are built only for the first time of the first film and a good tension. As the wicked facts do not require explanation, the atmosphere is pretty dreadful, but the explanation as soon as exercise a) is very stupid or b) it will never come as a healthy card. . Lord's costumes were never terrifying at the start (perhaps for Eurovision fans), and, in addition to the fantasy-horror story of Asia, they seem to be superb pathetic and bad. With all my national myths and a really special location for external shooting, I personally assumed Finland? Thousands of Friends Land? It would be a breeding ground for horror horror stories, but I think this is another disillusionment.
