I have lost three hours of my life, and I can say that I am breaking. I read the comments and heard the notes, and I thought that something was ready - I thought it best, to try to make an original adaptation (but it's wrong); In the worst case, the "9 plan" of the new millennium is so good and bad. So when I received a copy by Walmart in Florida and I returned to the United Kingdom, I joked with my friends, "I've prepared the worst movie ever!" Oh, Karma cruel. This movie is not recommended. The "special" effects are works by a student of the first year's design, using the Spectrum ZX81. The play is awful, the accents are awesome (the accent of a man of artillery in the British Isles, which leads us to Scotland from Wales to Northern Ireland). Conversation is hard, editing does not exist. The production values ​​prove that there is no expense. The word really can not describe this movie as bad; The CGI'd Thunderchild, from the Union Flag (The Royal Navy in White Ensign, NO, Flag of the Union) flashed into a movie theater, which is just an anti-war crime. "In the Network (short Star Wars," TruPak ​​"), for example, in quotes for the available quotes," the "enthusiastic enthusiast" argument is seen outside the window. And if you believe in Hiner's Hangout on the Pendragon website, this movie has a budget of 8 films, I only suppose facial hair is not bad at all in the US Perhaps the problem is that the film has been trying to make a book of the film Hines & co (if it is sensible)., Characters and extracts text snippets in bots, trying to convey feelings behind these words, ironially enough, In addition, Darlene Sellers was the only actress in the actress pornographic, my advice, ask the misfortune that Jeff Wayne did not turn it on and see the Spielberg version. It might not be true for the text of the book, but I can say it, as a fan of HG Wells for life as well as in English ) Speilbergs is the spirit of the book. Maybe customs were wrong to move this monster to the country They let me out, but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them.
