I saw this version of the classic novel, R. Blackmore, a replacement in 2001, until the A & E version was published in the video. And what a bad replacement! <br /> <br /> This version does not look like I-feel-like-like in the A & E movie. Actors are mostly wooden (Sean Bean exception) and "romance" seems to be forced and created. In fact, it's not a kiss until the movie is over! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or spread. We do not have many Carver views here, or why Lorna has some romantic feelings (or not). This movie captures a lot of key and interesting characters of the novel such as Doone Advisor, and a young sharp young sister, John Lizzie, who was the key to the plot. The script itself is missing. Political intrigation is not included in the script. How to create Lorna with Doña is not about the original story. Now, do not misunderstand, Clive Owen is a beautiful and talented actress (see Gosford Park and King Arthur confirmation), but she is very faithful and stoic, and it is long hair (it might be bad). he is not liked !!!! The actress Polly Walker is beautiful (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, along with Sean Bean), but it is colorless. His lips are cold on his lips, make-up can not be hidden and the costume does not seem real. Robert Stephens, later, turned Sir Ensor Doone, but Lorna was more famous than her favorite, that is, the book. In addition, Owen and Walker seem to be old (perhaps a make-up) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray, and antichoque, without the suggestion of a sunny sky. I understand that it is in the southwest of England, but it's green and they get the sun !!! Tom Faggus's character and his "death," a portrait of what's not happening in the novel, shrinks the movie. It's a positive note for Sean Bean Carver's performance. Aean Gillen's A & E portrait is not exactly Bean, but Bean is a bad thing. In summary, see if you only have a few hours to kill me, but do not expect anything to be exciting or true of the novel. See any other version (but I recommend the tired adaptation of the A & E film).
