Actually, I did not have much "Corky Romano" hope. But, again, who made it? However, I felt it was worth the trouble. I did not have much hope of "Joe Dirt," a recent comedy that was a member of SNL, and I was surprised. But the movie preview is just as bad. Chris Kattan is a talented commercial actor. Looks forward to seeing this movie - with great energy. It has been in a number of hilarious SNLs, and I think it's one of the most talented SNL members. In this case, he has given generous and nonsense scripts and every scene tries to solve his mugging constant. For each scene, Lewis falls down and fails. Jerry Lewis learned how to throw this kind of comedy, and even worked with much better writing. Kattan only looked like a bad look with Cafe Lattes with ADHD. He does not wait for punishment; He assumes that he begins to laugh when the monkey begins as a lightning rod. In a scene, at the end he dumped a cocoa beef with a dog with a mouth pack. The package explodes and cocaine is crushed. She's back to work, cuddling coke. Now, how can we laugh when playing hyper and doing well when the whole movie does the same? <br /> <br /> For the rest of the members ... Vanessa Shaw is very hot, Peter Berg is grateful and Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasting a lot, even though I am pretty sure I'm trying to make some fun lines. I hope Falk will get the movie a day ago. That's what the "Corky Romano" is wasted too much. I did not like the latest movie "Made" by Falken, but at least it was a decent role. <br /> <br /> I chuckled several times, but I could not get a single laugh. Each Gag is made without any time or delivery. Kattan's performance is worse. And there are some gag tightened out. For example, when Kattan is close to throwing his brothers' faces. It's usually 2 or 3 minutes away, when he's trying to get a bit out of it, it's a bit small at the end. It's pretty bad, when you have a fun rumor and drag it on, but if you have a boat and drag it, it's a bit worse. An example of this is trying to translate those two Asian men who say in a drug bust. I can not go wrong with the so-called comedy, but I do not lose time. As I said before, if you announced false tugs from the trailers - you announced right. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (from 10)
