Although "Cama de Gato" was the worst case in the Brazilian film of this decade, I saw it was my chance; In the end, Alexandre Stockler was the first director / producer of his first feature film (video shot), just 4,000 dollars and, even cheaper, I can not begin to imagine at the end of the day with a great sponsor or no production company (see below I saw why I saw it). But they are willing to give it to "Cato de Gato", but they reduce zero in 10 minutes: young people from the middle class of Brazil are ruined as an unbelievable, ideological and fanatic attempt to portray middle-class youngsters. The Neo-Nazis linked bad sex, drugs and violence (and even in the gay scene) with no spectacular trace of talent, imagination, specialization or structure notion. With visual and audible reminders of the worst things you can find on YouTube; Here only nine TWO (count'em) survive unstoppable hysteria and wickedness, and it's not fun too bad. <br /> <br /> We've seen the story before: pretentious young people want to have fun, take part, take drugs and go wrong. Gang rape, crisis, murder, unexpected death (stairs down!) A boy's mother, boy's boyfriend's decision and deciding on a mock dumpster boy. A moral and literary garbage, got it? Larry Clark (especially "Children" and "Bully") has a great influence on the movie, but Clark's films - whether moralistic or sexist - are superior masterpieces compared to that gap. <br /> <br /> I did not think that a filmmaker of cinema had a monomaniable ever-guiding person who stuck his ideas into the throat of the audience: Stockler catches us by the collar and tries to keep his constant moralist repeated and tired in our brain. Satisfaction, lie, poor direction, vibrating camera and awesome performance. Stockler does not take care of the technique (image quality, frames, sound recordings, soundtracks, interviews, sets, editing, etc.), but it is a huge nuclear control. adding smartie / cutie subtitles with comments, and what the protagonists can comment on at any moment, how much they can buy and false (which I could associate with). <br /> <br /> Despite Stockholm's megalomaniac intentions, Stockler does not display or give a minimal narrative structure. He does not even decide whether realism (manual camera, etc.) or styling is desired. repetition of the scene, use of substitutes, etc.). Cursedly, he can not put WHERE to his camera (he uses subjective cameras for THIRD)! The dialog shows some of the most amazing gifts ever; The land director justifies their hatred and just cause for their characters. It's a hateful filmmaker, a preacher, condemning it, to be able to see it as the least talented (or technical) talent for moralizing. <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in that mess. It is undoubtedly one of the best Brazilian actresses in Brazil, and it seems to be a puppy puppy that often resembles Muxu Salas. Blat can be very effective in the right direction ("Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica"). Proibido Proibir "). Here, in addition to the latter, it has to play with other" high-performance "high-level equipment, and the graphic scene of Sexploitation is also included in dangerous graphics (so they look like a web-cam porn). <br /> <br /> The film opens and ends with real conversations "(") with typical middle men Stockler wants to take evidence of what he is trying to preach in fiction, but he scorns and laughed against his interviewees, abject, racist, sexist, stupid (where the holes are everywhere) Stockler wants to prove that Brazilian middle-class youth enjoy either FAXIST or future, because they enjoy middle class and recreational drugs (neo-fascists say it's about drugs or drugs would you do it with fascist behavior?) You do not say it. <br /> <br /> Dogmatic self-righteousness, a technique to cause headaches and boredom to get bored With this, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but, above all, it is harmful in a very malicious way: the Brazilian filmmaker's criticism gives it a powerful case of argument. "Cama de Gato" is not the best, innocent, buried and forgotten.
