The exact revision of Nuremburg has to go unnoticed in the history of the history door with "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008), in the end of the world, showed a resistance against the Germans of the Second World War during the war of the world, organized bureaucrats, military, military, and civilians who wanted to throw the Nazi political regime. Closer concentration camps. However, the unknown absolute heroes did not support the allies who helped the French resistance. The writers of the history have cost ten million lives of temporary millions of lives, since the allies of the German nations were fully protected and, consequently, 24-hour bombardment worthy of genocide and "unconditional performance". set by the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German enigma codes were broken in 1943 by English scientists, because they knew what the Germans did. In 1943, the Germans developed jet fighter and jet bomber between companies Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, despite the fact that the Nazis are still extinct and the German resistance has been achieved, the allies could not have any world democracy like jet fighters, jet bombs, high-speed submarines, ballistic missions and guided tours. Here is the appropriate institutionalized agenda. Therefore, German resistance did not help the allies, although Adolf Hitler always had a decisive intelligence to kill. The impact of July 20, 1944 on the part of the Germans was that there were significant efforts to achieve peace. On the contrary, the Germans achieved "unconditional capitulation" and 24-hour raid bombings to prevent peace on an agenda. Allies wanted the world's largest technology and scientists to steal the Germans and could complete their property through an "uncaptured chapter". The allied program was scheduled to keep the war and force the Nazi to justify the 24-hour bombing, but one year after the Allied armies took Germany before the world's largest technology and scientists steal a gun. However, tens of millions of people killed their allies when they were abandoned by the allies in Germany. <br /> <br /> The allies imposed "unwarranted conditions" as an excuse for controlling property and government of Germans without using German resistance over the Nazi. Allies wanted the world's highest technology and scientists to steal the Germans for world dominance. As a result, the rest of the country was taken to the second place of the Allies' agenda, the millions of Germans killed 24 million bombings. the concentration camps were open; The war was prolonged and the "Cold War" led to the German industry's achievements, weapons based on technology and German scientists from the second world. <br /> <br /> The relationship between fraud and mass murder in Nuremberg's war crimes trial in 1946 is an all-time justice against Nazi allies. World technology pollution was an evil and courageous alliance between the Allies, instead of supporting German Nazi regime's resistance. <br /> <br /> Thousands of people killed tens of all the allies as they left Germany. On an agenda, they paid no compensation to the German workers' leaders. Whether they were paying for war crimes or not, the allies made a genocide to achieve world-class technology.
