After listening to this film, I bought and bought a DVD. Everything about this film has been said to be true. He said that having had a million budget was that the movie did not appear on the screen. The movie problem list can be dragged continuously. Among them is the main feature film. It was dragged in just three hours. It is possible that the editors could cut off almost one hour of execution, simply by removing excessive scenes from the main characters that crossed the main character. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as the "trailers" often indicate, special effects are special. The tripods looked good here and there, but all of this was the 1970s or 1980s. Probably all the bad consequences were horses, while they were moving back and forth. The effects of heat radiation were not very silent, because the bones that were able to move without muscles were reduced. It was also a wonderful Thunderchild sequence, where Thunderchild, described as the ironclad ram in the book, somehow looks like anything. Instead, World War 1 resembled a devastating era with back guns (but not without spectacular crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Colors and origins were as bad as the effects. At the beginning of the announcement, the main character and his wife were a scene during the night's promenade, and he explained to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the landscape of the characters and their surroundings is clear day by day. The real landscape, along with the sunlight, and the fake black night sky blends in with strangest stars. Even more, the scene colors make no sense. Occasionally they have orange light. Other times the green light. Sometimes it is light blue. In some cases, the exterior lights orange, but the interior of the houses are green or blue. Frame rate and camera are very vibrant, giving it a rough look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the performance is generally a sub-score. One man portrays two characters that were not favorable to each other. This sometimes brought confusion to who was who and where they were. English accents, even American ears, are very demanding. <br /> <br /> In short, this movie can be a declara- tion of being the most recently released movie. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other flop flops, but this, due to poor quality on all sides, has to be a bit worse than the main Hollywood people. I would not be surprised if the movie leads to 10 or 20 lower ranking of the IMDb. It's pity that Mystery Science Theater is still around.
