* WARNING WE USE BEFORE YOU ARE, YOU ARE. * <br /> <br /> Okay, the premier premise of this Texas home movie is: College kids + spookhouse + magic magic book = scary stuff. In practice, he looks for a long time to see how much more time the movie is dragging on. A series of frat boys, along with a wide variety of girl-lovers and volunteers, is creating a charismatic haunted house. The project is undergoing an indisputable nature, the main purpose of which is to enable the maximum number of partners to be phonetically orally phrased. It has been a difficult time for anyone to prefer to collaborate with that person, regardless of anything; there is nothing short of abusive, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless, the children visit the local character and the pumpkin champion "Pumpkin Jack", a small elderly man described as "the Santa Claus of Halloween", and removes the cover of the house. This book clearly represented the prologue in an irritatively brilliant way (where knight horsemen shook). Needless to say, some stupid ones start with the book, and in the end, most disguised monsters become real, and the rest of the normal ones try to survive. In this film, there are good things, but not many: everything is well shot and make-up effects are decent. On the other hand, the performers are very remarkable or overloaded; Much of the plot does not make sense outside of the "series that happens like that happens"; There is hardly any music partition spoken, only parts of the songs throughout the film; And the movie lasts for an hour anywhere. This last problem is the most significant: 90-minute 90-minute duration is used twice to configure the characters repeatedly. Tom Heidi is a kind guy with nonsense control, but Jill, who is currently dancing, has met him so far, but Kira started a relationship, a girl with bad guys. This is very shameless, Gary likes playing jokes, and Steve and Lily like having sex. It's easy to drag things around for about 20 minutes, just like the "sex" scene (quietly, pretty) of the lesbian sex. That leaves us half an hour with fear of relaxation, it leaves us an outburst of the final clunky and pumpkin Jack's, I blame him all the mess. If you do not have a deep discount rental (that is, see everything you have seen in the store), put it on the shelf and check it out.
