"In this sequence," Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee? No?) But aside from that, it's all in the same way as the other movie. Billy is no longer an actress. It seems to be in another country. It's like a spy He is the only member who returns, and unfortunately, they kill him, a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie dies with him a lot. They did that wrong. The recording seemed to be writing. The footage works a bit (it's not obvious at the beginning), but soon Bruce always shows in the darkness (at one point he clearly does not hide what Bruce is playing). Unfortunately, when the movie is dying, the movie changes. I can not ask if they were shooting what they were writing and perhaps Bruce was thinking of surviving, but he decided to kill him later, because it was not unbelievable, Bobby does not appear until Billy dies. It's hard to change the character half of the movie, and Bruce is hard to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce never watched this movie again. I think this should be followed, Bruce had a lame role in this movie. People who hope to see a new movie, Bruce Lee, is disappointed, although it has a major role in billing, it has a special role. Although the worst movies are at least memorable. If he speaks a bit about that movie, Billy is a scene that fights a vegetable nursery. Ironically, he does not even use Bruce Lee movies. Note that they were more convinced in No Retreat No Surrender. No other actor has ever been memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) never mentioned. My advice is to turn off Bruce as soon as he finishes writing his letter. There is nothing in the movie. I felt sad that Bruce was dead. I do not know how such a small budget can get enough money to use the footage of Enter the Dragon. This is a cheap way to try charging on behalf of Bruce. This is a strange and original Bruce Bruce filmography. Good luck to this day, nobody is trying to try something like that. It was the year of the last film of 1981. It was a sad end to ending, but fortunately this is the only proof of Bruce's career.
