First of all, I'd like to say that I'm not an anime fan (with some notable exceptions), and generally I call Otakus a low opinion, because he loves those who love their cartoon. He draws the movie, as a work of art, as vividly and neatly, but without taking into account other essential factors in the plot. And anime films do not represent a better partition between people with outages and real flavors, than Fatal Fury: Picture Picture. <br /> <br /> Looking through the eyes in the frightening and noisy eyes of an outage. It's a fatal mistake to find Fatal Fury: Japanese and y humorous humor, sudden twins, dramatic moments and everything is drawn beautifully. The others, however, turn off predicted plots with predicted cliched characters to finish the final keypad and predict it. The scenes of love are ridiculously mixed - Sulisa "heals" the scene Terry wants to be obvious at the moment, but it is almost impossible not to laugh at the spirits of the innocent, with his shameless behavior. And, of course, Fury Fury is not a compulsory drawing, it supplies T & A - Mai Shiranui's giant breasts. And based on the video games of the same name, Fatal Fury IS, some popular characters featured a lot of video clips, which they had little or no importance in the plot (they have no problem). At the beginning of Kim, it only disappeared from that movie. This mix of a movie conveys its end intentionally with the ultimate conflict of brutality, in which the main characters unite with the evil leader that is fighting each other. That's always a fun thing ... even though the battles of animes DO NOT take place in a tournament, as they always do, regardless of any sense! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Otakus always encourages animated films to be treated solely as BILDU cartoons, and the worrying part of these people is Fury Fury. So, was Fatal Fury good if it was not an anime? The answer is "no", it is an emphatic one: all the charm of this movie, the least, is in real drawings. If Fatal Fury had not been an anime, Mystery Science Theater deserved 3000 episodes, if the show was still in the air. That's the key - this is not a laughably bad B-movie over the look of an anime anime epic. If you're so fond of cinema, if you're really fun, think about renting Fatal Fury (or caught on the Sci-Fi channel), it's definitely one of them. If you're an otaku, please wake up and realize that 90% of all the things you're seeing are garbage. Like everyone else, buy Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not think about watching this movie.
