Everyone who has commented on this film negatively has done a great deal about this incredibly horrible film. I did not comment, but the movie makes me so much mistake, especially the writer and the director. So I have to throw my hat out to unite with the wrong. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and I really loved music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world, and the collision between theological beliefs. . That said, I'm not a part of the people who think that remake of beautiful movies would not be. For example, in the 1950s I liked "Invasion of the Snatchers", but I also enjoyed the same version of 1978. Both films will be on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original, compared to today's standards, should be very proud of the remake of Kurt Russell in 1982 (my favorite horror movie all time). So, people with little or no minority who like "The Wicker Man" can accuse me of disinging this trash bin just because I'm not. <br /> <br /> This film reinforced Neal LaBute's sexism for me. and misogynistic tendencies. Also, I asked how executives wanted to make a serious thriller, this anti-female woman would glow green. There is an overwhelming scene in Cage's scene because she has just hit her, because she was frustrated by the lack of research on a missing girl. would he react to this island in other cases that are not suspect? The original man was created, because men and women are the same as those based on the religion of the goddess. The main character has been the threat to all, male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit heavy and comfortable ("he must die!"), especially if Cage's nature has bee allergies. Because the men in the island did not fight back and used pure physicality to treat women as a kind of breakthrough. There were no special women with supernatural powers, half of them seemed pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the rest of the girls and the thin thin bodies, so men want to escape, most men can do what they can do to hate women. To dominate physically It seems there was no longer any weapon or weapon-cutting tool to keep it unhappy. But if they had rumors, why not talk? Cage can be used as a threat because they defend the community. Dronas are because Neil LaBute thinks that women's society will let men shut up. (This film has already been made.) "The Stepford Wives" anyone?) Women have classic symptoms of men who are afraid of something. If the citizens got together and were equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with male hate society is that he sees interesting films and creates unpleasant humor when Cage starts smoking. I think that LaBute should leave society as equivocal, maintain sexuality and unbalanced nature and throw away the discomfort for the children of the island. Nobody likes pedophile exploited sex or children. So how would the police react to seeing plays performed by adults around the children? These mental infants would logically jump, resulting in the need to save the missing child and the need for child support. LaBute said she had created the thread of the story of her daughter and daughter to look for Cage's character. I do not think that you need it. Any child accused will react to an adult to save. The ironies were, of course, that Cag's child "saves" eventually would lead to death. <br /> <br /> The conversation was invented and it was rural. The third full act was the horny one. As I watched the viewers (and then they mocked at the end). I thought the movie had started wrong when the letter writing and the flashbacks written arrived when the injured Cage showed it. We do not need it. Show a child that arrives on the island for the research of a missing child. Most Americans have seen "Law and Order" and other police procedures. We'll get into the movie as if it were a mysterious Cage partner. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... is wasted. Neil LaBute, hang on the sticks of images to people who enjoy theater and movies of bad males like you. Come on with men. Leave thrill for those who understand thrill Here are your honey. I looked at it.
