When I write a movie online review, it is for three reasons. Or I found something missing in a movie that could be excellent. I think seeing the movie before seeing the perception of the public is not correct, or I think that the purpose or message of a movie is required. with the help of other reviewers explain or explain. While all these reasons seem pretty negative, I think writing a review, praising and saying "This is one of the best films of all time!" Its merits and disadvantages, and often does not give reasons why it's so good for a movie, that is, it should be the point of review first. That said, the WWII is not just an urgent attempt to capture money. Held with the malicious advertising campaign for millions of dollars in the advertising campaign of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD before summer production, and many others with poor souls look for more material on the same subject. This movie is not "so bad," which makes it fun or enjoyable, but the viewers will be so unbelievably angry. Now, in most instances, allow me some arguments to warn myself more than I. <br /> <br /> The lack of publicity for the film and the film (I) was found as a SAM club for 8 people), I thought the name would not be a name and the special effects would not be spectacular. Check This is not a big problem for me, I find a great budget and it can reduce the confidence of prestigious stars and other inappropriate SE movies. Also, I did not expect to be inflated due to a high-profile or mobile score. Check again I had hoped that something was a real serious attempt to be a classic subject and some foreign / battlefield scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policies, any waste must be announced beforehand, although it is small, so there is a direct warning. The film begins with a small and unknown talk show, then travels to an observatory to see a red dot. Seriously, they are images of a red dot in a tube. It is hard to describe deeply each little subject, but at the end of the first ten minutes, it combines dark cameras, linked scenes and a lot of walking to break the viewer. However, the costume is surprisingly not bad, and you expect to reveal something of the green beans. The following 30 minutes are basically one of the main characters in a soup; He looks at the toes and speaks with another main character, it can be watched and hot. Both go back to town. These walks are not two seconds or added so you can exchange this conversation. It's thirty seconds or more and there are only 3 hours of add-on movie. In a particularly arduous scene, the main character is shown to look at a stem, then follows the path and is breathing, then looks at the stem, and then walks a minute into the country, then goes into the village and enters a building, Then he has a coffee and says "Thank you Mary" to a random maid who gives coffee, then puts coffee and leaves the building and then walks for a minute to the field and back to the pod. Sorry for the last extreme sentences, but maybe this is the best way to shorten this whole movie. Characters talk all the time, they talk about everyday things, they walk a lot, they send others on their feet, the cameras make changes between high-speed and low-speed, but without dramatic effect, the camera man is somewhat detached from Tech . Editing is bad People's actions do not make sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer's house and says that the farmer needs to go to town, the farmer wrinkles and takes a step. A teacher said that there is a pod and that men can be trapped inside, the farmer will lock the lid in a lid to open the shed and open a shed opening later. For example, of course, there will be no effect, if the teacher enters the head of the main character, at the start of the afternoon. She feels that she has a whole idea that she had a good idea at some point when filming a film, but she did not hesitate to move it. I have seen better high school video productions. In the end, the special effects are laughable and they do not take the story. The director really wanted the movie to become a classic worship for landfills. However, it is horrible in technical aspects, and in the common sense people crazy. Avoid this movie with all costs.
