Do you love open sequences such as "Seven Womens of Satan"? There is a bare girl who walks through the woods during the inauguration, hunting a dog and chasing her on a horse, going down the precipice and opening her head on the rock. Then, the camera increases the face of the senses and we sit behind the table while the secretary waits for some papers to sign. "Oh, I feel, I lost my thoughts?" then he says! Sweet, I've encountered it with a wonderful movie. If you only understand the French minimum and look at the original title, you immediately know that "seven" women in "Satan" have nothing to do with Satan or sacred rituals, but simply runs a getaway. It is perverted and mentally unstable in their weekend. , one of the most dangerous changes in the classic "milestone of the most dangerous game" is the hunt for a hugely worrying crowd of people - preferably naked chicks - in the sports forest. Well, more than one of the classic 1932 variants, Michel Lemoine, writer and director, main actor Leslie He plans to link Banks with the mythical legend of "The Most Dangerous Game." Count Zaroff was supposed to be the Count of Zaroff, but he switched his private island to the French countryside, and he could not be unemployed, from Monday to Friday, an office writer and a weekend This erotic attacker. Zaroff It's a strange man, when he is dancing with the devil, but he really has more than his live car. Once, his zealousness was promised to kill him, but, of course, he does a bad job. There is no depth in the script, and definitely the construction does not pay attention to the suspense or the malicious environment. Actually, the only thing to use during this film is to count on the girls who are angry at Zaroff's deceptive trap and expect seven to arrive quickly. Half of the film is not a tedious and boring footage, just like theatrical erotic dance theater, where a state turns black sore (???), and the other half is also a mild psychedelic. Every girl is wonderful. I thought that Michel Lemoin wanted to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and pretend to be a delirious kinky sex thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so it is inevitable that Jess Franco's regular Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake") is the star. Lemoin himself is probably a murderer, but he does not represent talent.
