Ned Kelly (Ledger), an evil and malignant Australian lawgirl. Robin Hood, along with the blend of Billy the Kid, loved the story of how the Australians raised their English against the aristocratic oppressors and changed the lower classes to change the Union to permanently change Australia. The smaller classes of that time seemed to be about 70% of immigrant criminals, this movie has almost never been skimped. Indeed, in this movie, there are very few "events", which are reflected. <br /> <br /> I think that it was necessary to turn out the suspicion that it was thought at the beginning credit. The film is based on "Our Sunshine". If the true version of Romance could ever be seen in the name of a book, it was there. This was not a historical epic, but Ned Kelly's story is just a matter of doubtful adaptation, although it is a violent and harsh version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than anything else. overblown hallmark channel 'real life historical drama' wannabe! The story goes down with a worrying rate (the worst film has not been shot so fast). After these two years, he was greatly impressed with Costner Wyatt Earp. Simply nothing happens, but it takes a long time to do something for that. This would probably be more sensible if the performances are good (I'm sure there was no direction to be sure). However, if you do not want to play the worst accent wrong, you will be disappointed. Among them, 'Who has a game with a shameless beard?', 'Backstabber light!' (The clue, all ginger is for some reason), and 'Nature in Australia. including lions ", Hallmark, The History Channel, the Discovery Channel and Neighbors experience a great deal of hangover. Yes, nature gets a lot more time to get more time (to try to be an essay), the movie eliminates wildlife He continues, and when all the species appear, this is a camel and a circus, the lion (who tries to make feelings for a leopard in the fight more than massacres). <br /> <br /> This is an instant part of the whirlwind rumor. TV There's not a good word to say about this movie, it's a terrific terrific Rush that looks like it's here. One character warns only 2 bullets for him and his friend, and I've also had a gun in the memory of this movie I wanted to get out!
