I can not pass the message for this movie. It is clearly established to abandon it, and it is obscene because it has lost its meaning. I do not read the novel, but Pollack's film begins with a scene in an organization in front of the CIA in New York, that is, two professional killers, two murderers headed by Max von Sydow. We have learned and understood our members. The staff is a retired recipient, when a juvenile elderly teacher falls into a teething machine (that's a joke?), And at last, Tina Chen, who looks at how beautiful she looks at her copyspace, says, bravely, "I do not shout". Von Sydow responds to "well-known". These murders are completely unexpected, because they are wild, conscious and graphic. The scene is wild. <br /> <br /> There is no way for von Sydow and his bride to exchange. However, that is what Pollack tries to do at the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent guys, von Sydow is going to change sideways (because he pays to the other side) and he will kill his evil head. an inner intrigue plot behind. The script then makes the man completely sensible and sensitive. "It's better to live in Europe, things are not so fast." Or whatever. I swear I do not do that. Pollack thinks we want it to be better that the killer is mass than the bureaucratic director. That's the message. You should write if you forget it. In fact, what psychiatric embarrassment do you have to activate ordinary values, unlike useless, vice versa? I understand that thoughtful adventurers who do not like the United States government will hate them, even if they hate it, and they will give an explanation of what is otherwise negatively visible on conspiracy around them. I know that people who think this way exist among some of my closest friends. In any case, if he likes hatred, hate, intensity, he or she has to overcome politics or ethics and in the psychiatric field. I do not believe for a moment that a person who earns money is better than a malicious official government. I do not like the murderer who is smooth and learned or knows the Louvre Museum at the Metro. Everyone who is doing this message requires meditation or meditation. <br /> <br /> I can say that production is just as bad as its message, but I can not. It's very well done. (In any case, it is worse because it leaves fewer movies). Even though New York looks like a photogenic screen. It's been a long time since I thought about New York. Robert Redford makes his character an astonishing task to project the initial blow and confusion, but then becomes a semi-genius of telecommunications. And, man, he looks good! His closet is okay. His glasses are not even made. And his peacoat. It is not everyone who can have a nail tat like a jacket. It looks too beautiful, the pig. I want to look like that. I want to wear a denim shirt and leather. Faye Dunaway is well on his job, but it's not a compelling role. Does anyone eagerly slept with a man kidnapped and arrest him? Did he look like Redford? Would it be emotionally wounded when the ambivalent relationship was over, Redford told him what had happened to him? Cliff Robertson is amazingly surprising. It makes one or two excellent duplicates. Mailman is superb. He has been choreographed in a crowded apartment between his and Redford, and we do not know for sure how it will be, this Redhead (a book reader, after all) seems to be the hired worker. killer This is one of John Housemann's latest roles. A pity It's a magnet on the screen. And what is the end of his life: he finds a lost person, walking through the streets of New York, in a neighborhood that he knew in his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well run, but I can not ignore this nasty and paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Will of the Triumph". Or his Olympic Documentary, where the voice is watching the running of the bulls, Jesse Owens takes a lead section and says it's wretched: "This black is dangerous."
