It's hard to say, I have enjoyed so many "Targets" and "Paper Moon", but I thought that "The Last Picture show" was somewhat fascinated but very self-indulgent. In my opinion, the main photography is amazing. But, for me, aside from superficial beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty) I did not give movies. Characters were very hard to keep in touch or care. Basically, this was a slow rhythm and a naturalistic play, but there was a highly formulated and predictable story, a small town with melodramas that I expected to be propelled with all the trapezios - everything is cheating with the boy. the wife of his teacher with all the children with disabilities. Without joy of life, it was like "American Graffiti". <br /> <br /> Some people can say that this movie is realistic. Many people nowadays seem realism to be the only virtue of a film. But for me, it was an oppressive movie, and I'd like to see it again, in a fascinating town that people would like to experience as badly as I wanted. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really comes into existence, maybe I've seen it in 1971, I would be surprised by its novelty, seeing something different on the screen. But this would basically assume that I have ever seen something similar to Godard's "No Breath". Perhaps the obvious references of classical films to film geek for me and some of the weaknesses of the film. But Tarantino in the post world almost does not seem special or special. <br /> <br /> He's interested in how he used the film to give his film a deeper look. I'll see three films I remember on the show. First of all, we will see the "Father of the Church" Vincente Minnellien. Liz Taylor's superb look contrasts with Sonny's girlfriend and compares Minnelli's senior-level learning with the "real" character of her character. Later, the clips of Howard Hawks's "Red River" emphasize a little friendship between a tutor and a guardian. She reminds me that Bogdanovich is pushing his Tutor's butt, as I recall, I chose a wrong movie with Boris Karloff on the screen called "his goals". I think that in 1971 this type of thing was new, but nowadays it seems like I'm happy to see it, like the rest of this movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, I'd rather see another movie. The films of Hawks, Ford or Minnelli Bogdanovich remind us of why it's so striking. Maybe it's time to remind us of the giants that go by - what really does, remind us, how small and most of the contemporaries relate relatively.
