I start broadcasting the premise of the movie, but let me tell you what I like most of the movie before I'm in a hurry to review my review (see my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a movie by Uwe Boll, whose films were the house of the dead (2003). Alone in the Dark was also a movie adaptation of a video game. They almost all hated. Well, I love it. Even though I gave him 10 to 10! Arguing for this (surely some readers will immediately turn off) I hate it for myself only when I hate it, something must be wrong. <br /> <br /> Premise: Who am I joking? Finding a premise for this film is as simple as trying to balance the United States budget, but it still goes. Some archaeologists found evidence of a lost American tribe in America. The Indian tribes apparently found the "second world" to look after the evil nature. Bad things were eliminated, but it was not blocked by the door of the evil world and it was thrown away. Later, some scientists / governments who were experimenting with paranormal, and specifically with this tribe, decided to experiment with some children, trying to create a hybrid type with the second world. (Believe it or not, because it's all, and then the prologue of some movies is written, the white text just goes through a black screen, it reads with the voice). Afterwards, the child was something that was in an orphan, but the government returns, and then the crowd is looking for relics of archeology, and super men walk around and call a bunch of military people. good and good <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition does not really stop. It's like a constant story of hell. There is enough idea to be able to complete at least 10 films here, perhaps 25, but not one of them in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the lost mystical and mystical Indians, we also get male monster monsters that invade your body and become a snake-like alien, underground tunnels, zombies, Starship Trooper-like wars. evil scientists, underground moons, gold mines, repository stars, impalements, large-scale museums, government conspiracies, gold trunks from the sea, nuns, explosions, backstabbing complex plots, ambiguous love, cars, domestic invasions. Kitchen sink . . Wait, I can not remember that this was the last movie. Even more amazingly (funny?), Fangoria # 240, Shawn Williamson, was the producer, "we are spending a lot more time in the story, being very demanding about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark called "smart movie". <br /> <br /> Let me deceive you. Many of the above topics may be heard by the potential audience for this film, but the problem is nothing more. I did not usually know the relationship between settings elsewhere, why we were or did anyone (at least when each scene started). It's just the bravery of the settings and the clichés, that the director Uwe Boll had 250 ideas that had nothing to do with a hat and it came out like lottery numbers. When it was done, Richard Schwadel and the editor decided to cut the movie using the dice, and then re-assembled the I Ching. Sometimes, the film is like a coil of an extended director (short scenes that are similar to those that run directors to circulate), but may be generous. I'm not sure if Bolle would get the job done. <br /> <br /> At least as much as I like the movie, I like most actors and most performances. It is very rare to say that performance is bad. Well, Tara Reid was wrong here - and I'm usually like Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the movie, they move around the set. You might even buy a doll that created a blow. This would save money in castles and cemeteries in CGI settings for use with ghosts and vampires. Perhaps they were chosen as a nice driftwood piece, they watched nonsense dialogues for monotonous monotonous amateurs. <br /> <br /> And talking about that conversation, Alone in the Dark plays Godzilla as a movie without Godzilla. So, I mean. There is at least one campaign in the Godzilla films, I know it's ridiculous, and we'll see a huge stamp that shot Godzilla in the center of the city and wounds with radioactive deaths. <br /> <br /> It's hard to believe that Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, as well as eliminating abuse of their agents. I can not say that anyone in the movies thought he had a decent performance, but maybe Slater saw at least one cigar. I think that I have no precedent. <br /> <br /> However, I did not give this film 1. There was a filmmaker, though Bollek and Schwadel add sugar and add rock. The last credits were good. Heck, although the prologue of novels was not so bad. I really thought the movie was a promise at that moment. But maybe the movie I've seen with a budget of 20 million or more may be the worst.
