First of all, I'd like to point out that this movie does not see the story of the Dutch ghostly ghost named FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie, you will not see a single yacht. You will not see sailors, ghosts or remotely exciting. It's not a fantasy boat story, I would like to tell you the best credit or I would not have seen it, it was a legendary movie. It seems that many people think that the movie is related to the legend of the spirit boat because the movie is listed on Wikipedia's "Flying Dutchman" legend ... I do not know why. Perhaps, is it similar to the legend called "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they fit the most fragile legends? The movie begins with a battle sequence, with anyone who hopes that the movie will be fighting scenes. Unfortunately, the fight for the film is the only scene. Then, Daniel Emilfork (that is, Krank City Lost Children) is seen for two seconds, so that anyone would have a good expectation. Unfortunately, it's very bad in the movie. The same thing can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian actors ever, and here he is condemned as a joke with a birdboy, it seems to be "wise" with the background story "wise". And guys, this film has the need for knowledge! All other characters of the story seem to enjoy swimming swimming, shouting, torturing others (excremente), fornicating (excrément) or some excrements are just more fun. It seems so funny that every character in the story gets their turn on the spots at one point or another. According to the Dutch director, it was believed that real-time dirt and real-life excitement are the necessary elements, Paul Verhoeven, a filmmaker, whose Dutch film "Flesh + Blood" was very helpful. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would leave hope for films that would be dirty and direct as they would expect. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progress, there is no fight, no good performance, and just "Meat and blood". Photography, as the initial sequence is developed, is well-done and attractive. It also stays at the beginning of the movie. Nicola Piovani's ("The Vitality" reputation) are repetitive and annoying when they are not important (sometimes it is said that the greatness is in a sequence, while the actors on the screen give the thumb). Throughout the "first" hour of the film, (!), The film does the same perimeter around the farmhouse where the protagonists live. The characters play a lot of excretion, they are drowned and they play there. He elipses a lot of time for a long time, the main character, who allows him to become a younger boy who loves to play in a droppings and play deeper. The stupid Italian man in the bird speaks a lot about things. Spanish conquerors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is mixed and it takes a few hours. Then there is the second event called "The Boat". We saw that it was a ship, which has long been a ship, but now the remains of the ship (covered by the rubbish I have just mentioned). The main character, while away from the farm, just happens, and decides it is really enjoyable, so we can live there. He is trying to kill the hunchback he lived there, but he really does not care (as I have mentioned) it is not very bright. He thinks he hopes to sail and sail on the boat until he appears to be more conquerors (at least when he seemed to be a conqueror of the Don Quixote style), he made a Dutchman prisoner with a backward hunchback and burned his ship to the ground. The final part of the Festival will really make the audience look to the audience, as it is fighting even more for middle-aged peasants. Even more, they torture and intertwine with feces. The director was resigned or sent to the second crew crew assistant. In the end, many new challenges of the "friends" of the Dutch are dying. His wife, the wife of his brother, tries to meet his son at first. The Dutch and their children speak. The film lasts for two hours, sharp images and faulty plays and technical performances. Then, the credits are thrown and the audience drops freely as they do not have to watch the cunning movies that are just like watching fantasies like legends, but only a few catalogs that can be obtained by some films. They do not have sufficient funding powers instead of battles or horses.
