I saw that same night "Scary Movie 4", "creating a bad double function". Unfortunately, they could not face a murder of the Scary Movie franchise before killer tomatoes. When I began to get bored, when I saw the jokes that were stupid and stupid, they were dirty and very bad, the last parody laughed at me. How did I want more than that? The director John De Bello uses the basic necessity that a hormone growth has gone wrong and that tomato has become a killer. However, its main purpose is to go about the day's catastrophe genre. The script sturns on humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances on film evenings, it can be your cup of tea. I clearly saw that a man stuck under a cover as a tomato. And this joke, that is, never funny, where the Japanese speaker actor and voicemail is also here. Some can make it down, no. It was not fun to have a Hitler joke, and I think that Hitler's jokes were very entertaining. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this film is so intense (for no good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. . Tomatoes kill people, the government stops trying to stop them, jokes are bad. The goal can be correct because their goals include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still dominate our lives). Oddly enough, the main selling point of this film, these tomatoes, really do not look great. And when they do that, they get real tomatoes. This cleansed gimmick is not for me that I was seeing a tomato packet swallowing a body, with the stop action camera magic. There's also a fear of breaking work here, which prevents this movie really fun. Almost every member of the audience can sleep at all times, but it will surely be seen as an invitation to entertain. <br /> <br /> Likewise, it also seems that it is not working here to be an ancient human egoism. Men eat tomato and it's dinner, tomato is a man who eats and is a worldwide disaster. But it's just how the world works. The products in the movie are becoming bad for genetic change, but our products in the real world (see Taco Bell) become bad. And like these nasty ones, green onions have survived for a long time. There are some good stanzas. The final shot was quite excellent, but it was not enough to save the moderate bomb. I am sure that there is a deep movie inside that concept, but the script must be filtered by a dozen rewrites. And I mean "there" the level of "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
