Wondering if you know about film and / or movies, is it a point of life? Prior to that sooner than later? You need to see the "Killer Tomatoes Attack". The certification is essential because it is one of the most remarkable worship films ever made. However, the only key element, "Tomate Killer's Attack" is a terrifying shock. From the beginning of the message that Alfred Hitchcock's "Birds" opens, this is clearly an unparalleled parody, and writer / director John De Bello never expected his films to succeed. . The film focuses on today's popular tendencies (eco-horror films) (contemporary plants, animals and nature, humanity disorder) and includes the smallest types of vegetables that can be imagined as a non-movable machine that dies. An agricultural agricultural project that produces bigger and greener tomatoes is wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks around the country. The Lehendakari has gathered the Special Forces team to fight the enemy's nonsense, that is to say, secret agents and scientists who are secretly in charge of double-minded voices. "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is a very fun first half hour. As a matter of fact, seeing vegetables that are typical of the sink from one sink to the other is a very original and fun way. The first half hour also includes a lot of memorable moments, such as the hard song, the tribute to "Jaws" and the unforeseeable helicopter (see the curious section for more details), which last operated. After all, everything becomes tedious, structured and involuntary. The quality of the jokes is fresh and inventive, cheating and unhappy is not fun, there are too many characters and sub-plot. Personally, at the beginning of the 80's and early 90's (I saw it before I saw the original) I prefer the production values ​​are somewhat better, the effects of tomatoes are very influential and the veteran actor John Astin ("The Addams. Family.") Dr. Gangrene scientist mad But as you have already said, originally, at some point in your life, it is still the material that is necessarily visible.
