*** Warning - This review contains "spoofers", although there is no movie already "spoiled". It's really bad. *** Before you start, everyone would like to know that this is definitely so terribly bad that it is one of those movies that make you laugh. If you are a fanciful mood and you have a great laugh, this is a movie for you. Now more, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a Wal-Mart vault. That should be the first movie that should be. Second, Dolph Lundgren's great star of the actor. That should be the second runner. Still surprised that they also put the DVD (who would waste their money?), As you may think, there is no DVD or extra bonus footage. In fact, there is no menu either; started playing the movie. <br /> <br /> First and foremost, the writer of this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. He has one of the worst script written ever and has incredibly lonely lines; fake and incredible conversation; and inadequate comments (comments by Lee's Lundgren in manhood comments, I will mention later). The whole movie is not the only sound line. The dialogue and the line go hand in hand, as the scripts and advances are completely absurd in two ways. Two police officers hate each other at first without reason, and then again there is no reason, Lee looks at the side of the road, goes to the other side of the car and says "I'm going to leave you alone, I do not care, I do not like it! I want to see you die! or something like this, but they are suddenly terribly frightening, especially Le, for example, when it comes to the bad guy, Lee says: "You have the right to be silent. You have the right to kill me! In the end, I will mention a completely inappropriate and nonsensical commentary about Le Loks in Lundgren's regions. When the bad boy starts fighting after a random scene of love between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight against clothing, Lee says: "If we were dying, I'd like to be the greatest. I've never heard the guy Dickena. He does not make sense and it's not possible (Lee never saw a naked Lundg, so how did he know it?), but the writer also cast it in the script, and the whole movie looks like some kind of arcade action, and Lee admits Lee and underwear- Only after Lundgren defeated all those defeated, Lee makes a comment: "Wow, that is like a video game; We just defeated the first wave! <br /> <br /> Secondly, the argument of this movie is underneath. In my opinion, above all, it does not exist. The trailer of this movie, which is in awe-inspiring look at the screen, is about a movie about two policemen trying to capture Japanese Yakuza with Lost Angeles. This is very misleading; however, the movie has nothing to do with it. Very short and fuzzy references to Yakuza try to start with local traffickers who traded methamphetamine, but the entire film Kenner (Lundgren's character) attempts to avenge his parents' death. Yakuza leader (Yoshida) died when he was just 9 years old. The plot can be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants to kill Kenner, Kenner Yoshida wants to kill him, and both try to kill each other. And, of course, Kenny plays his sarcastic behavior (called Johnny and Brandon Lee) as a fool and Tia Carrere is naked. twice. <br /> <br /> The theater is one of the worst part of the whole movie. The conversation is not so unrealistic, and it emphasizes even more symbolic portraits. You'd expect a bad acter of the action star, but this movie highlights some of the worst performances ever recorded. <br /> <br /> In the end, we will reach the heart of the film's foreskin: bad action. There are so many bad and non-realistic sequential actions in this film, it's totally awesome to get everyone involved. Despite the bad scenes, Lundgren has a horrible action. For example, Lundgren suddenly takes kung-fu four or five bad guys without spilling his tea. Then, when he is surprised when a car is running, Lundgren goes by chance. Or when he arrives by a closed door, he tosses the wicked on the other side, when he retires it through the door? Or when he takes Tia Carrere, he walks slowly (does not) retreating, through a glass door that goes through the glass door, and jumps at the height of Tia Carreras, still Auntie still on his arm, he simply needs to lift the whole car with the least effort . and uses it as a barricade to protect bullets? All unrelenting guns are awful, as Lundgren and Lee both die badly at once, and it seems that fifty bullfighters have never hit it anymore. That's, of course, the movie until the final fight scene. Lundgren naked in his breast in his naked heart, although he still wants to lose his heart, he would immediately begin to fill his lungs with the blood and kill him within a few seconds. However, Lundgren continues in higher conditions and Yoshida, the evil wicked, plays in the midst of a parade. And, of course, they carry real and sharp jars that pass through the samurai as people dress in the parade. Now, besides his bullet wound, Lundgren achieves a few slices in his chest and arms. Does this stop you? No, of course, no! Indeed, a few seconds later, when the evil Yoshida was dying (he was stuck in a similar dartboard wheel, and then he had not driven fire), Lundgren goes with Tia and Lee by chance. . God is horrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are simultaneously combined with the necessary free naked scenes in five minutes, including a topless woman at a party, a topless woman's head cut, women's strip club, nude women at the Japanese spa and Aunt With love scene absurd and love. We should mention the trip to the sushi bar for all, where wealthy Japanese men are eating naked women. This, in a way, means that Lee demands to be illusions, defeating the wicked, and Lundgren "would eat fish from naked dogs!" Which, of course, is a disturbing top five. And we can not forget the awesome edition, as the criminals crush a man trapped in a junkyard in a car, and the editors made a very clear look at a dummy prop. The credits also list a horrible stunt list, which means that a lot of actions were not surely out of the movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, the movie overcomes more than once. the wickedness of boldness It is unwise and impossible, and as a result it is very entertaining. If you are looking for a thoughtful movie, the movie will die. If you want to make a good laugh, and if you decide to make a bad movie, the movie is wonderful. As a true movie, I was worth 10 to 10 in this movie. One more entertaining way to get rid of an hour and eighteen minutes, however, makes this beauty a cake.
