This veritable version of Jules Verne's "Territorial Center Traveling" rotates the funny sound that tells you how to make fun of the Verne tomb. About 80 minutes of work, the only thing related to "Journey to the Earth of the Center" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this production is new and not worth it. Indeed, the director writes here that he has only eight minutes left for the "Earthmaster" at IMDb.COM, and his "Alien from L.A." by Pythman named Albert Pyun. Part of the film's studio. With Kathy Ireland. Undoubtedly, the producers had exhausted the money and, in order to meet the obligations of foreign contracts, Pyun's debut was the director of Rusty Lemorande's film. Please do not rent or buy this unmade piece. <br /> <br /> Unlike George Levin's director of "Earth of the Earth" (1959), James Mason and Pat Boone, along with Lemorande's "Journey" Central Territory, is at the time of Hawaii. Two friends , a British nanny, and a dog, come together for a lifetime adventure Richard ("Paul Facefotes" Blind Date) and comic book Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith "Weird Science") are exploring his brother's cave, Crystina ("Underworld "Nicola Cowper," heroine, works for a household service called 'Nannies R Us. "Having a baby is a long-lived dream of Crystina, but she has done less than five of her baby dolls, despite her friendly driver, Mrs. Ferry ("Africa Express" Lynda Marshall) sends her to Hawaii. Crystina's new client, Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley, "Doomsday") is organizing a final concert to recover her awful career, Bernard's names o has a dog. The foul wants to take it to a Crystina Bernard newspaper spa. When Crystina waits for her arrival, a motel car accidentally enters the cart at the Bernard basket at Richard's jeep. When you see, Foul plays a dog in the basket, slowdown management strictly prohibits pets in their premises. Empty hides a dog like a human baby. In any case, he has captured a Crystina cabin and has monitored Richard for the driver. <br /> <br /> After knocking with their dog, he knocks his knack away and leaves it abandoned. Crystina requires Richard to take her to the town, but has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina is in the middle of the Earth and is lost, and then lost in the city of Atlantis, a police station led by a dictator. Atlantis authorities repeatedly inform their citizens that there is no life on the skin. Our heroines and heroines go to Atlantis accidentally. Atlantis resembles a nightclub and they all seem directly from a punk rock opera. Rykirko Atlantis chief (Janet Du Plessis "Operation Hit Squad" in "Janet Du Plessis") is balancing with Wanda Saknussemm's first human clones to visit the Atlantic, Wanda Saknussemm ("Required Wrinkles"). General Rykov machinations Atlantis to overcome and overcome the Earth, and save our heroines and heroine for the day. <br /> <br /> "Earth Journey Center is an abomination. The movie seems to be a comedy despite the superficial satire of the dictatorship. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget directors, but I was on the backdrop of a science-fiction saga.
