Lame movie. Totally unusual No chemistry exists between Indiana Jones and Black Hawk Down. The car's pursuit scene continues and is excessive. The vehicles try to change several times, but they will always end up in the tails of the wicked. Hartnett was just as stupid as the scene that captured the baby's car behind the car's car. He's talking about East Philosophy, and I'm thinking about how to kill him, funny or funny. It's unusual, it's totally incredible and cruel. <br /> <br /> Some infrastructures were not explored, they were used as filler. Why has Hartnett declined, even if they see dead bodies, can they order burgers on crime scenes? Why, and for what reason, the IA quiet guy is suddenly detained by the blue chief? Why can I receive a friend's police force from IA and then leave to respond to his phone or to become an Indian Misty, and then they will leave their fears on his wrist? For some reason, Ford reveals fraud and fraud, even when it acts as a real estate agency (when it tries to sell its producer's house when it tries to sell its commission), they continue to return. However! They both knew they liked it! However, they were there, they said they never said. Stupid, stupid This is also one of the films of police films, those who play on the street need to care for the innocent people in the world without much attention. There they stood, standing on the pavement, while looking for people to cover. It was surprising that it was not enough for a single person to cast 60 rounds, it was amazing ... <br /> <br /> The screenwriter was terrific, the action sequence was boring, a pathetic plot was drawn to a very pathetic session. Ford and Hartnett's roots. Failure fails And the Ford phone! Dumb off! How many times can you hear in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was exciting the middle of the movie! For 30 seconds, play would play stupid! And if it was not Ford, Hartnett closed it! It was very annoying! <br /> <br /> The worst part of Ford's 7-day 7-night movie was undoubtedly the best time ever.
