Well, this movie really feels like I've been signing up for an account in a bill. Without a doubt, AWFUL !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are too many subfolders at the beginning. Josh Hartnett's character is an actress and yoga instructor, as well as a police force beyond his means, and the hot girls teach yoga (some of them wait naked when they return from their Jacuzzi work). Add that, as a result, a murderer of his father was killed by a criminal offense to today's crimes. He is trying to sell Harrison Ford's real estate and is sleeping somewhere in a Ford show that he slept with a psychic radio show that slept with his wife's wife. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (this may be so forgotten), so I will mention them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is a conversation, it's wild. I mean excitement here. Throwing all the topicals of the book (having a heart in the dark bar during the day, the bar knows more than one drink of his name, a pair of internal issues (why?), And a bad mess. <br /> <br /> The line of what I have said is nonsense and constant does not exist: 1) When Ford's car is recovering, how do the Republicans know where it is parked? Were they still? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue, and so happens in the crunching limbs (earrings) of the crime scene (that is, luck!). Repeated. 3) He questions two of them arrested and taken away - Ford continues to answer his telephone and Hartnett makes "head" on the table with yoga. Instead of taking Ford's phone, the IA guy calls every time he waits, and then tries to get out of the table before Ford. Meanwhile, the official IA officer with Hartnett is rubbing herself. Then, inexplicably, both have been released without answering any questions. 4) In the harassment of the vehicle, Hartnett's cars move across Hollywood gradually, but suddenly the car is once again perfect. It's not scratch! 5) When Ford gets the evil one behind the building, he gets into the elevator, what the hell will he know about how bad the pitch fell? 6) When the two wicked dies in Hartnett's car, Ford is trying to close the real estate deal. Come on! 7) The bad man is never a document. What motivation to kill a group of his rapero? It can leave its label and it is a warning to other loyal groups. But do you hang out with that business plan to tell anyone about it? 8) Why is an IA kidnapping being investigated by Ford? No explanation! 9) And Hartnett gets his "acting" to finally catch the bad guy. <br /> <br /> I could anticipate, really. Anyone who looks more deeply into this movie than he or she searches for more than one straight comedy has to look at it, that's all. No one else! It is not satirical or ironic. It's just rough.
