Three giant tiger tigers (genetic progress derived from the mitochondrial DNA lab, genetic progress from "fossil material") are accidentally released in several events (for example, a virus introduced by the computer's geek, to unlock security). Building construction stores keeping measures in closed construction and keeping a security guard out of the door, is looking for a page that is missing a flying page that flies by the wind.) The tigers are always hungry, but they can not taste it. So many tigers catch prey. The victims are a group of university students (... stereotypes, goth girls, jock and tech nerd), security workers, and those who are totally enriching and wanting to die, <br /> <br /> <br /> A fictional science fiction channel with movies, some of the weakest simulated computers I've ever seen by Attack of the Sabretooth. And, the final sequence of death is so badly presented, the deepest depths of your soul will be required when the time of the horizon of the beings is enormous. There is no dark humor from the head that removes the neck from the neck, but here the prosthesis does not even think it. The prostheses are expelled as parts of the body and blood as victims, asking for help and receiving no one. As I start recording a bit, I repeat every user comment on the science fiction film movie. I think maybe it's going to be another kind of cinema. Robert Carradine plays a role as Nicholas Bell, his truly infectious brotherhood, a businessman who is innocent image of "Primal Park". Its main attraction is the rugged tiger genetically created. Stacy Haido, still quite fond of, is an official security officer, who hopes to get investors back in the $ 1.5 million project to exit the island. Brian Wimmer is a lover of Haiducken and is an operation that mechanically maintains his mission. The fortune created at the end of Bell, the hole is formed by a tooth that emerges from a state of the sabretooth tiger. Carradine spends a lot of film on Bell's film. The view of the Tiger shows man in a bright color approaching them. The films are finally characters that travel through the dark corridors (which has cut off the power of the nerd's brain technology) for security reasons. The children of the University undertake and commit to join them, obtaining certain necessary elements (... a popular activity) to enter into the fraternal brethren. These children's works are not rising above the topical.
