The film begins with a director of the Primal Park (Robert Carradine) director for investors (Robert Carradine). A secret project, using a native animal fossilized animal, using a Jurasian park, is being rescinded by scientists who revive some of the most feared predators of nature, Sabretooth tiger or Smilodon. However, scientific ambition becomes deadly, and when the high voltage fence begins to flee and it starts to catch its savage: human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and the deadly and bigger packages of prehistoric animals. In addition, the security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his friends (Brian Wimmer) are hardly fighting the carnivores against Smilodons. Sabretooths, of course, are the true star stars and they are terribly terrifying, but they are not convincing. The giant animals are wild and their raiders attack and they fight against one of the most feared predators of nature. In addition, the victim suffers from dangerous and slow third-party sabers. <br /> <br /> The film has taken a lot of blood and gore for fear of watching things, like fear of hair, full of fear-filled special effects. The story offers exciting and exciting entertainment, but it is very boring. Giant animals make most computer generators and seem like bad. While people are reacting actively, they are given quick physical reactions. running, binding and hanging on the walls or walls. And it brings together a hilarious scene of the last death. It is not a realistic, boring and violent attack on small children. Some other movies about Sabretooths or Smilodon include: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨ with James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and much better ¨10,000 BC (2006) ¨ Roland Emmerich by Steven Strait, with Cliff. Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments is directed by George Miller and is not original, because he has many elements in previous films. Australian director Miller is usually working for television (Tide, Trip to the Earth's Center and many others) and occasionally the movies (Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: below the average, at the bottom of the barrel.
