THHE remake was a reference for all new movies. Most remakes continue to be waste, but Alexandre Aja became one of the best remake guides under talented leadership, and at the extreme mutant human subgroup of horror. In the second part, Martin Weisz is headed by another person, Jonathan and Wes, father and son, "I can not make a good horror film to save my life" by Craven and Weisz's capabilities and all the skills of writing Craven youngsters to become a painful future, THHE 2 It's not just as good as it was before, but it also fails to enter at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with a very graphic birthplace that is born with a baby. Although pretty cool, you will not have to prepare litter that would be the only thing that could be in this movie. Then we will see a group of scientists and, briefly, we reject each other. Steps to save the day-to-day resistance of our army, where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> It's very similar (even for that movie) when it lacks the characters that are most likely. True access is a major part of her career. THHE 2 becomes a daunting task when there is nothing wrong with the mistake after the error of the idiot soldiers as a result of a mistake, because mutants do not themselves disappeared Think of Marines as opposed to foreigners and you have the idea of ​​how these soldiers are trained. This is because the vast majority of the real hordes of the shadows of the film do not want to see the first films, as in the first film, if it does not have the THHE 2 attachments at the beginning and in a short perspective. The first one to start playing these quiet, it could be almost the Sci-Fi Channel. <br /> <br /> At the same time, extreme Mountainbillies are not so fun that they are much smaller in time. Our previous range, designed and uninteresting. The Sloth-like Mutant (which is known as the Sloth of the Gootians) helped them out during the third ceremony. I asked for a baby Ruth or wanted to start Rocky Road Ice Cream. There are really depressing and shameful ways to describe the majority of people here. <br /> <br /> The film is a gore but the original is not the line, which, in most cases, was fragmented without changing the birth of childhood, not everything that happened in the first place. Another important opposition against this film. So, here it worked, the answer was nothing. He felt that the first one was a sequel specially designed to make money for success and not a really "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can move forward Drill SGT., That radio man. In the first film, the pacifist fighter, similar to the molded model with the same character in our first hero, has a speech obstacle (well, I want to get a direct radio-wave crisis). point This movie is not the same on the same first league or on the same planet. He would have to give another title and he was added to the Sci-Fi Channel Saturday Night Line. A good start could be a real shame, but that's why, at almost every level, it seems like a horror movie that almost drops the ball at all levels and I get one of my lowest scores that will give THHE 2 the same score: 2/10 Terrible: Words can not It has described this movie as a completely unpredictable antecedent, it is not necessary for inspiration and not right. Next, if you want to be a bad luck, you do not interfere. Please do not go to this landfill in theaters, save money and thank me later!
