Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is a remake of a remake of a classic horror classic, does it automatically mean that it is a restore of classic horror? According to Wes Craven, "The Hills have Eyes," is it not a general rule? It was released sometime in the mid-80s ?? It's one of the many horror movies ever made. The second part did not rely on real plot and original footage to take advantage of the succesful and bizarre premise of the petrified. We also wanted to believe that Craven was suffering from dogs and flashbacks and painful reminders, the loyal German Shepard of the Carter family resumed a bloody struggle with mountain hills. There were some disturbing signs that this sequel would be a huge failure. Remake appeared almost a year ago and is it already a continuation here? His incredible speed of release makes it straightforward to question the quality of the script. Do they not have much more time to come up with a movie that has to be terrifying? With great cinema, Alexandre Aja changed the general overview of frightening innovations, adding courage and intelligence to change the essential elements of the plot, adding a confusing gore than ever expected. At the same time, Aja is a talented young director and has noticed her French classical worship called "High Tension," but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected success, a horror and experience of fans of horror, as well as among the toughest youth and hobbies. It's a good movie and, as a result, a mountaintop champion of clones and seasons will be essential, it is very difficult for one of them to be the same as the destructive success of Aja's quality. With all this in mind, but rather a great dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this sharp pursuit is not as frightening as expected. The script is a terrifying and horrible earring, with a relatively large number of characters entering the backbone and it does not like to die according to plagues that are traditionally bad. After the events of the first film, the US military has set up a camp in the middle of the desert of Mexico to investigate the effects of the tests that took place in the 50s and 60s. In the case of survivors of the mining community that remained in radioactive studies, scientists and researchers make up a tasty beginner in the main truck for the unfitness of soldiers. Simply think of food and supplies, but they will find a military exercise in the preparation of mines, in front of the stingless humanoid living in mines waste. <br /> <br /> This is basically another number. They are slaves with slasher characters, even though their friends have already lost their minds, yet stupid enough to be able to distinguish themselves from the group and act as simple goals for killing. Also, it is very easy to point out which adventure they are going to go on, especially if a soldier is against all types of violence and he looks at her in a 3-year-old son with a nice video clip. "The Hills Have Eyes II" is completely missing? As expected? Originality, logic and credible situations. Mutated boys are not nearly as threatening as the first part of their colleagues, especially since they are not organized this time, and they are solely called protective and sex-hungry prototype monsters. You do not say G.I. guarding amateur Joe "heroes" and, undoubtedly, who do not feel their eyes on the mountains, this movie is much less credible and implicit than the original one. Especially, this second movie is not as violent and penetrating as the first. The followers typically hang suspense and lack of surprise bracket on narrow blood flow and more graphic murder, but the action of this sequel is really ahead of his previous illness. Are there a few scenes to meet the horrors of horror? especially when the soldiers show off the cliffs or have their pistols shot? but, unfortunately, there are no elective battles or bad dog attacks. What a shame! What is the purpose of a sequel, even if it does not exceed the gross or free origin of the original? Fortunately, the movie will never make you feel boring or useless, and you'll be the fun to watch all the things you feel good about! For example, wallets falling from bloody foxes, like muscle strains, like hard-ass soldiers? my favorite personal ?? To assign a soldier with a verbal disability to operate radio communications.
