'The Hills Eyes II', one of the fastest and most obviously stupid freakers who have come for some time, is making an incompetent 90-minute movie of his own. Or worse, however, look. While the 'Hills' remake of 2006 was one of the best and most awesome horror films, this sequel has come out from every spark that has made such an achievement. The second part never makes any debates. It's the worst, it's not so scary. A new rebuilding in 2006 was a family that was found in the middle of the desert of Mexico, which was deserted, and they received an enormous and sad mountain. He was arrested by the bombing of the bombers, who have been converted several years ago. To survive over the region that travels. This sequel puts the spectators in the same desert, now occupied by the military, hidden in the mountains, and what happens with the poor family. When a group of military training moves to the campsite, there is an empty desert of life. Actually, a sudden reality comes soon, because they are not only allowed. And the bloody fate of many who were delivered before many will soon become his destiny. <br /> <br /> There is no reason why 'Mendiak' does not exist for legitimate reasons. But last year's workshop was well presented at the box office and in the critics, because it was not surprising that the game would come into production to make money. This time there is no rhyme or reason, it is only impossible and ridiculous to go on strange characters, original murders, stories that are not and are of great interest. Initially, Alexander Aja's director made Craven's classic worship a remake in a single and disturbing experience. He crossed the line more than one. Its evident violence, sadistic torture, highly rounded characterization, and all-sucking white robes were used to break and break effectively all the public. For the second time, the generous have been confirmed. There is no style, there is no problem. The body tries to create voltage tension when it makes a film that is really done, it's similar to that movie, since it's also a gore player for later blood baths. Extreme deformities that capture extreme women do not keep your attention. It's a bore, nothing more. 'The bush' does not have any bumps. Although there is a jump or both here and there, there is nothing horrible about this horror movie. It feels like something you see in the Sci-Fi channel, only with some F-bombs, a blood splatter here and there, shocking and shocking graphic scene of birth. It's cheap And with 'Hills', you pick something you sew. There's no effort, you can not expect anything for that. Representing Aja Martin Weisz as the director was the first major mistake in the movie, and all this makes the film an emotional resonance. However, Wes Craven and Jonathan Craven are the wrong and worst scriptwriter of his son's son. You wonder, what could be bad? This is a type of dialogue that looks like Shakespeare. Craven has had some old garbage boxes, but I never expected that kind of thing. It's so unhappy that we have to wonder, that Craven plays a joke? Or did he take his son off to the studio? The characters of the film are single dimension, emotionally or unconscious. The operation is bad. The only character that can win your victory is 'Napoleon' Napoli, a baby that does not fit into others. One year ago we also met the dangerous criminals and instincts that were most profound in the deepest thought. You do not hate it, you do not like it. Honestly you can not care less. Similar to this movie. <br /> <br /> Despite being afraid of 'The Hills Have Eyes', as I think, you'll find nothing to enjoy in harsh rubbish. It's as generic as what he gets, and there's never been much to see here. I can not say enough, like "The Hills Have Eyes II" plague. It's terrifying, plain, awkward, and boring. Adjust the new version or Craven's original view. If you do not walk after the first thirty minutes, do not tell me not to warn me.
