I think all the jokes inside are Munchy's classic worship. I thought it was wonderful, although it was a ridiculous tale and the character of the characters, it was probably a better and more fun movie. Maybe it was a real quote. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have already said, is a parody of Gremlins. That's why all movie references. The film begins somewhere in Peru, during the archaeological excavations. An annoying duffy called Paul, whose humorous moods that have no humorous cinema, despite his career plans, are protected by his father's cave. His father is an unconventional type of archaeologist, who does not look for craft or artificial mummy or anything, proof of the United States. There, Munchy gets into this picture. Hidden under a rock, it is an ugly, ugly, looking figure that looks like a rounded rubber doll with a human voice. They call it Arnold, they keep them in a bag and take them home, so Paul's father can reveal proof of the last earthly life. <br /> <br /> Paul, his stupid, breaks his father's promise. If he loses Arnold (if he loses his father, he will go to the community center to get a real career). Alongside the bad carpet, Cecil (a veteran of the Harvey Korman series) asks the neighbors to do what they do. So her lazy son, airhead some types of hippie (who would look like a character biker or heavy metal fan) to catch Arnold. Why? A rich course rich wealth scheme. And, of course, Cecil's son is also too tired to care for Arnold. And after a few Arnold, Munchies focuses more on it. <br /> <br /> This was not so bad that the movie was good too. It was very strange. I expected that Munchy would always kill the silent, as well as Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of bad reactions in this movie. To mention bad special effects like manual puppets. And writing very badly around - it was not fun too - no young police officer can actually give you homicidal eye tricks. As I said, if Munchies, real budgets and better actors, were able to get some good parody. Pass
