Mostly, they say that Wolverine's character is one of the most interesting characters in historical comics. I'm not a Marvel expert, but I grew up with the X-Men's adventures and the definitive Hugh Jackman, a well-known portrait of Logan's well-known portrait. I enjoyed the first X-men, I liked the third part of the comic book entertainment due to the fact that the track was very heavy and dirty. Over the three movies I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. When Wolverine thought I'd "come", I decided to have a better movie than all three of X Men's films. If we were based on a character, it seemed to me that it was a movie that made the second movie failed, as a comic book adventure is quite complex. <br /> <br /> Wolverine - The movie fails because competition is not too harsh after the Dark Knight. It's not clear for the development of a land that goes beyond that - definitely that's not good - no, the movie does not seem like it. First of all, this is not a good entertainment. This very action is something that is very, very automatic, in this movie. It's not the biggest special effects or suspense items, and when an event helps you to announce the next five, it almost feels like Uwe Boll, imitating the concept of action / adventure movie that you saw a dozen times before. Of course, in this movie nothing is absolutely terrifying as a piece of Bolls ** t, but when everyone talks about a topic that is part of the chain of such a standard event, you're linking to the least and this is probably bad. enough <br /> <br /> But there is a bigger problem. A generic action film is also a generic action movie and, in the meantime, a lot of holes and a lot of folly folly forgive you. I think that you find the fundamental error of the same title. I mean "origin". Really What do people think of behind this film? What do they mean? Do you want to know Wolverine's origin? He grew up with his brother. In the dramatic situation they fled home. They did war All! Civil War, World War II and II and Vietnam. Why did they do that? It's still unknown. In the end, brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "How?" ask you I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I do not know !! The movie does not explain. Evil is ok! "Yes, but ... you know, 'origin'" ... Yes, that's the origin! I mean! In any case, they eventually end up with a super-secretive elite mutant soldier. Something to the government, ho-hum. Wolvie is enough and left his brother. She is in love with her lover for six years and Sabretooth once again suddenly appears unprotected. "Yeaaah ... but ... why?" - Oh close! - and Wolvie has decided to make a series of wicked scientists as a flesh-covered animal. The bad boy goes after him and comes after him and after all the fighting, his memory is eliminated, he completes the first X-Men movie. <br /> <br /> There. That's the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD skin. The real movie will not say anything else. Undoubtedly, no good heroes, no criminals, no general characters (lines of audience on my sofa: bold outfit! A black outfit! Oh, I'll give you 200 cash if this girl survives ... Gambit ...? Mmhm, yes well ... uh-huh, on the right), it's not a memorable line and lines to cover a tee shirt, it's added to this ordinary fool that is credible, you can forgive him in general ... well, that's a lot of time, is not it ? The fans have checked or already have this. It is not stopped. If you like X-Men to be fond of and not entertaining movies, watch again and do not feel like favors, not looking for the origin.
