It's official, the people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not think in his nice little head. Do you ask why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or Qi?) This will not appear. On the other hand, we will find a Japanese pop star, a pop star in Japan, and finally, according to her song, she is a star girl who serves Rockin 'Curry, "actress" and Tadanobu is useless. Asano, usually a quality indicator, does not need to do anything here, but it must stand up and speak Asian hipster and it's too old to handle it even more. <br /> <br /> Hour's philosophy? Life is limbo, nothing is great, it feels and progresses. I would like to do that, but Houk Cafe Lumiere is definitely worthless in Tokyo 2003, beyond the slogans of Life's life photo in Tokyo and people overnight, no observations passed. The day, which is never connected, everyone goes to their destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge lucky. Yikes Shanghai Flowers is one of the most fascinating and technical films of all time. How did the director create the premiere of this film, when he interviewed ten minutes on the machine gun with twelve-speed actors - an impossible director - two were captured by making Jarmusch this real immobility pornographic. row movies Millennium Mambo's weight can be killed, but it has at least two great shots that capture the true call of Hou as equivalent to Odilon Redon: these shots are the scene of the sexual scene, flashing light and the sex image of Shu Qi. blue corridor down His M.O. In making Cafe Lumiere, it has been the removal of two great Millennium Mambo shots to make it more consistent. You seem to be an attractive judge. <br /> <br /> Hou did not have to improve. You can not refine the limbo idea in Shanghai in Florence. It had to be released as a way out, thus minimizing minimalism in order to release the liberator inside the genre. It's time to make a live version of Akira or do something. Actors are really realistic when they talk about monosyllabic feature films that are real actors, and now they are surely ghettoized and stuck as a success of Hollywood acts. (What is the "reality" and "the relationship between people who can not talk?" "Real life" seems to never stop.) Once again, in 2005, we have only produced a large-scale and rich budget quote. The ideas of Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, are now safe for Michael Bay to overcome Houk, which is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is, Houk is in the 50's. Actually, he did not even start. There is a couple of moments in which this film is a promise that still shows what it is like, when it is gradually biting up in the bookstore, when hateful at dusk and dusk at the dusk when Hitoto talks about babies. But fear is to go back, even though it's going to make the same film again and make it as nonsense and a movie savvy as Houk, Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, and dear in Berlin. And almost all of the festival festivals are over and people take your double ruse quickly. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you're becoming the tiresome scams that are going through your ever-growing tunnels. Risk your shirt in an epic science fiction, on sale, condemn it, but leave social criticism to people without eyes and heart. Let your painter's talent fully express. You will never get up.
