As regards the transcendental work of Yasujiro Ozu, I am expanding the universal views of modern Japanese life, especially during the Second World War. We have seen many film frontiers such as "Late Spring" in 1949 and "Tokyo Story" in 1953, I am sure that Ozuki has a delightful narrative and fine image for the gift of intergenerational gifts. Hou Hsiao-hsien Taiwanese Director Ozu's tribute was his centenary in the 2003 film. Among the screenwriter T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to pick up the images, but it does not stop the emotional weight that could be more sustainable in the glacier. <br /> <br /> The story is worried about Yôko. , Japanese XX. In the middle of the 20th century, the composer Jiang Wen-Ye began studying in Tokyo from Tokyo, returning from Taiwan to Japan. After setting the character for 25 minutes, his father and mother appears to be pregnant by one of Taiwan's students. At the same time, Yôko's cafe friend, Hajime, who has used the bookstore, has an obsession with the train and seems to be in love with him. Hsiao-hsien binds this slim line according to the frame composition. There are long silences, as well as many trains with scenes. While these techniques coincide with the style of Ozu, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to plunge into psyche of the characters. Ozuki does not seem to have a schematic for the dramatic presentation and presentation that he has done with the greatest fluidity and minimalist plays, especially in Yosko's situation. His parents' reaction is very passive, so much interest. Indeed, the whole film has a frantic atmosphere, so the movie can be interrupted. <br /> <br /> The performances are not very conflicting, though they are memorable. Yo Yo Hitoto's J-pop music brings Yôkiri a natural ease, as Tadanobu Asano is cipher as Hajime. The remaining characters are not recorded, even as Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo Yô as parents. Lee Ping-Bing offers professional photography photographers, but he violates the cardinal rules of the Ozu film, if he does not keep the camera in the background. Hitot speaks of the pop song used in books called "Hito-Shian". The DVD has long documentary French "Métro Lumière". Hsiao-hsien's film approach makes it easier. The film Ozu, in particular, includes parts of the film "Equinox Flower", to show paralelism with this film, although there is no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the basis of scenes and situations. UPS Hitto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien interview clips and movie trailer.
