CREEPSHOW 2 is an evil sequel of George Romero's (overrated) CREEPSHOW. Any sequel to a Romero movie that does not run by Romero himself, he has to fill some great shoes, especially because of the Romero fans who believe in God. In the first movie I did not like it very much, and it was quite fun; I did not care before the sequel. The film series had so much potential but it was a short duration because the two films had less stars. <br /> <br /> The main problem of CREEPSHOW 2 was that there were only three stories (apart from the story), and that the story did not believe it, because almost half the movie has left the movie. really good *. I saw it in the CS 2 movies and the first segment was a real groaner. With George George nothing dramatic "I could not act" Kennedy was automatically condemned and the Indian statue was a very bad story, and just in this sequel it was not there. So, after a dull and dull start, there was only one story left to reverse the aborted initial fiancé and unfortunately two other stories were not forgotten. RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER have a great success, partly because the other two segments are still a moment, they still fall. The latest stories are too long. It's not a story I wanted to have a great rhythm and I'd like to finish it faster, but there were two good ideas inside these stories and they stopped, slowed down and stuffed, and eventually the segments fell harder when they needed it. worse and sharper endings. In addition, if the last two stories allowed them to complete the film or to publish and direct all three segments, it could add a lot more to a fourth story. Possessing three segments of boring animals. <br /> <br /> Reproduction and writing in THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments are incredible and good. I like Lois Chiles in the final segment. Probably his best time on the screen, like Bond Girl Holly Goodhead, MOONRACER and DEATH ON THE NILE. However, its mission is very difficult to understand, due to inappropriate directions and inappropriate stories. Do we hate or sympathize? Do we sympathize with boring buses? If the body of the car found other people on the road, what was Chiles attacking? Was it a ghost or zombie? How was the presence of other peoples that found the body attacking Chiles? The whole thing is not very clear to the supernatural story. And the end is pretty dull and unfocused. <br /> <br /> THE RAFT story about evil, well, the act is mostly horrible and a character is not sympathetic or interesting. The characters were more interesting if the actress had acted. No actor is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield is more intelligent than the one he plays, and the actress who plays the girlfriend is not very credible. It seems shy. We can say the same thing with the other two "ordinary" teenage girls. The idea of ​​killer oil is interesting and terrible, but it's not working well. It may be the fifth character of the story, perhaps a homeless man or a wreck that is buried around the lake and who knows black oil and this might be a lot of panic. Dark oil is terribly terrifying, it does not make a "nature" credible. And as the story ends, it does not seem like it all. No punishment was given. <br /> <br /> Except for some exciting things, it seems that things that are worthwhile are boring, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater was basically a waste of money and time. It is more material to rent than something you see on CS 2 screen.
