We were there, sitting with some friends, we were seeing a bad movie, they laughed at how horrible it was and what caused it; In the end, the credits are thrown and everyone looks around and says "how can this film be done? Who paid the money for this movie to become a feature film?" Well Jigsaw is not that type of film, asking you to ask how you should ask about the waste quote why the creators were shot in a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst film ever made or considered, that is, the Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The movie begins in the university classroom, which kind of class I am not sure, but thinking of art as a class. Now, these have given them a final project from their teacher idiom; These five men are given a piece of a mannequin and are designed to design any of the appropriate ones, and they only receive five pieces in the classroom and A automatically, surprisingly there are only six students in this class, so a goth chic gets a free A, well! One week goes by and there are five students, plus teachers, and a strange hill in a bar, to discuss them and complete the project, they will gather pieces, head, arms, legs and others to choose their own designs, now they have chosen specific designs. These creative geniuses took full advantage of the weekend; one is placed in the left hand and the other is placed in a hand gun; There is a bunch of ceramic glued on the right leg and some incisions on the left side. The worst thing is to get a camera, or the Hellraiser 3, with some rocket bottles, to get an elegant mohawk. After dropping all the time, drunk teachers today say they will need to burn their dummy, because they call it Jigsaw. Until now, it has been a great movie fair, bad performance, conversation and everything else, but it's still compelling, but after Jigsaw's fire, the worst thing is doing ... Jigsaw is alive ... ask? I do not know, simply, that the writers could not think that they would validate two kilos of molded plastic (they might come up with boys, an illumination, a voodoo priest traveler, something else). Therefore, after Jigsaw's life, it adapts its shoes to slowing and slowing abilities using new ones. First of all, killing a young boy with a cold boy, the guy who kills a hot chic decides that the distant distance beer is unbelievable and far more important in front of him. Along with her, Jigsaw will face her sexy girlfriend, then she'll give her anxiety at her head with a tiny head, then sees a bustling southern woman and then her husband. Jigsaw has subsequently killed some kind of fraudulent fraud. Do I mention Jigsaw for making a version of body parts for the removal of the victims? No! Well, it's not important to say that they do not show their creative makers, they do not even show up stealing a robbery from the poor creators (maybe trying to create the head of the In Living Color detective). So, after all these five deaths, the teacher and the little girl are left out, teachers are aware that Jigsaw only needs to carry it out of the head, because there is still no interest in the trunk. Because he's cowardly, the teacher ties the girl to Jigsaw as a sacrifice, only to go to the teacher to look for her electric buzz, though she is not connected. That's where we're going to end the horror movie. The teacher will be able to see the girl who dies or what happens, much less an explanation why Jigsaw came or how he washed himself after smoking. This movie is so embarrassing, it's only 71 minutes, it's a small part of your day; For a remembrance of a life, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The referee has decided to see if Jigsaw is planning to remove your genital sections.
