This movie really disappointed me. The performance is atrocious. Disbelief And it's about actresses. This story is very clear: a group of independent actors are called Passion Play, and at the same time they begin to live the life of the characters they play. Lately I have watched a lot of movies, thanks to Netflix, which is the first one I have not seen for the first time. I felt that I did not see it at the end; We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it seems that this "modernization" of the gospels is sacred or enlightening. I can not talk about it in the Christian church I have not raised. That said, I grew up in the U.S. and I live in a Christian culture. I am quite curious for Jesus and for the modernization of religion, better or worse. I have not seen the version of Mel Gibson, but I think that they would like those who like it, except the conservative. I want to be a better film. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews are in Arcand's direction and, above all, in cinematic cinema. I did not like it. The film itself is quite cautious and preacher. I did not believe in the character of the characters' characters and I never had involved in the life of the screen. The theater of the play is very dated and I do not think that, in its opinion, the weight in real time. But that's not it. According to what I needed, the characters and plots would be a stronger development, the film would be about philological and theological questions. And musical options are obvious and unusual. <br /> <br /> We have come up with simple examples of these. First of all, Jesus confirms the parable of the money he gives from the temple: the main actor, when he falls to the woman who plays Magdalene and the model and dancer, is angry that he must turn himself. looking for ads (pants with a bad producer and spectators with a lot of breathing). He held the place trashes and sought all of them. I think it's a level that he wants to achieve. The love between both of these is completely arbitrary and is not emotionally realized and the scene is played as a secondary rendering of a death of a seller, that is, not quite well. Please let me blows the head above "great significance". The other one asked the relationship between another woman's head and the priest, and eventually turned against them and goes through the current corrupt church. Why. Why sleep with this guy "It brings so much pleasure to me and I am so little pain." Ah, holy bitch and lovely old coins. Arcand seems to be just enough, but it's not worth the effort to enrich and animate these characters. They cross the movements and I'm getting into the ejected button. <br /> <br /> Please, write me not to be bored, eating or interested. Feel this movie freely and watch the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, an amateur and elegant sculpture. Please, keep your trusted idea free and see the artistic integrity left over for monotonous sight. But do not say that you did not warn.
