"Royal and Queen" is a French drama that lasts for two hours and thirty-five minutes and does not distinguish between points or goals. <br /> <br /> At the beginning there are two stories that are not linked. Finally connect each other to the middle of the movie. They live in Nora's first neighborhood and fight with many of their lives, including a few elderly relatives, who are still a few days away. Another story is a young man named Ismael, who plays a violinist who thinks he thinks of it through the machining of an unknown third. After traveling a short time on different routes, these two lines of storyline meet together when we meet the former lover of Ismael Nora and the man who chose his son to take his first relationship. <br /> <br /> With a bit of focus and great rationalization, today's "Royal and Queen" drama could be modern and astonishing about current relationships. Without a doubt, it has a tremendous vision and emotional capabilities, and the performances are largely complex and shocking. But, in general, the film is a meander and, in any case, it is clearly annoyed to pity our patients and to start their own well-being. It's even worse, although we are spending a lot of money in the company of these people, we do not really know what to do when the show is over. For example, when Nora's father died, he writes a writing that addresses his daughter's nature, and he just did not like the woman we were looking for over two hours. Nora, of course, is not a mother Theresa (then again, who is she?), But it's definitely not worth the invasion of her father's own. Where could it possibly be confused, non-determinant, sometimes self-absorbed, but was it bad enough to give his father a chance to kill cancer and kill him? I do not think <br /> <br /> Maybe this film is just about to work in a depth level, I could not get it. But my suspicions would be very difficult for the writer and director Arrab Desplechin, Roger Bohbot, to explain their purpose here. This is a well-interpreted and infamous journey of a film that is unforgiving, a trip that takes a long and long journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a trip that is less wise or clearer than the beginning.
