"Rois et Reine" is a sprawling blend of a movie, which is likely to surprise the audience. He reluctantly addresses Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as their lovers, who face great crises in today's separate lives. While Nora's story is playing well and has a dark tone, Ismael laughs especially, but it's not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is caused by his father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ishmael's terminal illness, that is, the prescription in a hospital hospital is promoting a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two men who look like Nora's life, and at the same time they have looked like the one who is currently the deadest lover and his younger son Elias. As audiences take past and present events from audiences, as former lovers re-enter into each other's life, it gradually reveals that Nora's personal stories of life can be less reliable before than before. > <br /> Arnaud Desplechin's cult director has created a lot of curiosity here, which has won many applause in France. He debated the narrative convention and necessarily developed the film through the tone of dramatic mood and humor. If this approach were based on a consistent or consistent idea, but it is not clear what Desplechinen films are. Freudian Greek mythology and heavyweight stories are transported meaningfully, but at least teachers are less likely to unravel and interpret the life of their characters. In other cases, the treatment has been included in kitsch, but according to the use of "Moon River", this is mandatory. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** The main subject pick up ** is not a very original movie, as we see ourselves, others can not see how others see it or how others see it. This idea is revealed in the film by the revelation of Pierre and Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately two events are disconnected from what Pierre and Louis had told about Nora's relationship. . This seems to be a deception in the Deployment section, as if it were an idea without a print idea, instead of enlightening the narrative's natural path. One or two surreal touches mean an awesome, but largely unconscious world of people who are terrifying, but they feel once more as an apparent intrusion of a cinematic technique than a deeper repository of truth in the story. Indeed, due to the heavy touches that are deeply dedicated, the characters are curious and undeveloped, as they are used as ciphers rather than for the great ideas for their creators, but real people. Most of their life's details are arbitrarily applied, rather than organic. For example, Ismael, as we constantly recall, is a violin player, but we spend more than two hours watching or listening to play, and never choose their chosen tool or profession over their personality. That is why it may be a marine biologist or trapezoid. <br /> <br /> Amalrik gives him a charming Ismael, but after all, I found the holy but devious Devos (which could be obligatory, though) as it is elusive. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon, the father of Ishmael, Elsa Wolliaston, as a psychoanalyst and as a synologist, psychologically wounded but challenging psychologist wounded at Magalie Woch, is the most influential among the supporting actors. It also has Catherine Deneuve, although she makes her a role as a reference. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Rois and Reine" is a much-needed taste. If your button does not fail, it's likely that Desplechin's powerful and sharp vision will be frustrated, even if you're watching it somehow.
