The only thing I liked about this movie was that it was enough to take me to the bottom of the room ... I thought NEXT could stop things from the scene ... Oh ... <br> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Santen, Especially the locals would like, above all, to like. Personally, Van Sant's films will look dull, unforgiving, and easy. Well, this was the executive producer of this film, so it's not surprising that the film itself has done it - though I personally liked it better than Van Sant's latest efforts (for example, Elephant). <br /> <br /> Against many people here, I did not think that the movie was difficult to understand or disconnect; I thought, above all, that it is a movie that wants to imagine the mood of a teenage adult who comes to a world of humor. so slowly changes are almost visible. But I think the problem of the movie is not "humor" enough ... and not only that, but here it is a painted mood, which I believe is chosen for this mischievous story. The quality of the dreams that are closely linked to nature is beautifully trapped here, but the child is much more young than the still-trapped nature (waves on the beach). , herbs and flowers, spiders, etc.). The pace of the movie reminds me when my summer was about eight or nine years old. A film that should be very tense during teens, is a LANGUOR. When you're in love with someone - or being in school at being an object of harassment, you're nothing. MA LIVE! There are just two moments in the film that worked for me ... SPOILERS HERE - For the first time, Logan throws a bit of food and her mother. The frustrations of an adult to face a boy Klutzy - especially those who do not have a father - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second part and a part of the film were meaningless, there were scenes that "Leah" (created by Logan himself) calls Rodeo on the phone and tries to lead him to a sexual phone. The first reason I liked the movie "Leah" was the most believers in the whole movie. (With Claire Danes, I thought from My So-Called Life ... the voice also heard sounds like Claire.) She and Rodeo only had scenes that were absolutely compelling among children. And especially if he liked Rodeo's appearance, he just looked ... perhaps the best time in the movie - at last! - We have developed some characters. <br /> <br /> Along with everything, lose a little effort ... we should see what he does next in the film before talking about the possible talents of the director. In the meantime, if you can escape from Van Sant, you can do a good world. Who is the director anyway - one of Van Sant's boy toys?
