"The Bat People" is a proud resident of the Top 100 Bottom. Again, the movie disappears suddenly from the list of bad guys, with Paris Hilton as new feature films or American Idol protagonists. It always returns safely sooner or later. And why? Unlike most binarios in this list, "The Bat People" is a nasty movie that deserves to have any media impact or internet rumors! It's not the worst film ever made, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and intelligence, but it's not hard to sit down all over the place. The script is very boring, with completely unnecessary footage footage and gigantic gaps with continuity, and still the main characters are still unknown throughout the film. Not only are the scriptwriters, but also the spectacular sequences that kill the movie and make-up? Despite the courtesy of the young Stan Winston? They are nonsense and they are waiting for you until the end of the movie. The title of the film is not correct, because the word "people" is referred to in the plural, the story really relies on one person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays this movie and plays a real cave and Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot will set a honeymoon on honeymoon weekends. They move away from a group of guided walks and a bat bite his wife trying to protect him from the evil attack of the animal. He is worried about being infected with rabies, and he suffers from a lively treatment at the local hospital, but this does not prevent him from becoming a cider bundle. At night, randomly killed people and their toys with the police sergeant in the area, because their loving wife is still persuaded, because of the wrong behavior due to allergic reactions to the treatment of rabbit. You're sure, honey! The script never reveals why the bat can attack people and how it is going to happen. John always changes the normal man in the dawn of a new day, gradually becoming a lifelong guan. So basically, "The Bat People" is a variant of the old man, but, of course, it is not very interesting. The concept showed a great deal of potential, but somehow the suburbs focused on drunks and perverted Sheriffs on top of horrible monsters. Some of the settings and outer shooting locations are spectacular, the song that is badly played over the credits is surprisingly brilliant, but this time at a late-night club (at last!) And Marianne McAndrew is the main actor (though not listening). The list of the top 100 of the cinema is really bad and boring, and it's number 80. Personally, I hope that it will be included in this region. The list would simply not feel and without "The One People".
