Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the Hamilton High School in 1957 and defends Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) in the day of Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds himself destroyed and, on the other hand, announces the privileged queen Queen Mary Lou 1957 and takes her to the stage to accept her prize. Bill is still taking her, Mary Louri decides to make a practical joke on the stage, but she still captures the fake ring Mary Lou and, for a few seconds, she plays with Mary Lou. 30 years later, Hamilton High will soon make his birthday tonight. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is currently the principal, and has a teenager, Craig (Justin Louis), who is dancing with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are in the planning. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, 30 years ago this horrible night continues with Bill and Bud. One day, he looks at the basement of the Vicki College, when he finds a large trunk that opens up, which is because of the bad movement, because it releases Mary Lou's spirituous spirits and does not intend to claim his crown as the queen of the promenade. He intends to avenge his time of leisure during his spare time. First, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) dies, suicide, Mary Louck puts on Vicki's body as she approaches the night of promenade. After dismissing the Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) contest, he will win. Mary Lou Vicki's body is Hamilton High's queen's prom, Mary Loure herself makes it possible to recover her dead, to unexpected appearance and to the party's genius ... <br /> <br /> It has no connection. Original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman. I thought about Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a special movie. Ron Oliver's script works on supernatural elements, but rather shorter than cheaper toys, whether good or bad decisions, depending on your expectations. These personal items were not very well stopped or worked well. The whole movie has been very enjoyable to make it very enjoyable, and after Mary Lou's death, no one dies until half an hour and then the movie lasts half an hour until Vicki finally gets acquainted and eventually filmed. When Mary Lou fights a person who kills a person, it is too much time for horror movie, that horror movie was coming to the fans ... that the murderer was not dead and was not ready to get a sequel? Do not expect high body counting, just five full-length, and not particularly graphic, as Monica (Beverley Hendry Beverly Hendry) was trying to hide in a dressing room in a showroom, which Mary Lou had crushed and brought to her an evil Monica. blood spill Supernatural difference Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II imagines that Vicki has many hallucinations of the first hour and controls Mary Lou objects that control objects in the last phase. It's pretty good and it's turned into water and drags Vicki's hands from zombies. Hello Mary Lou slasher village: Prom Night II is not remarkable, she liked Mary Lou, when he got out of compulsory line-ups, and he was a good criminologist, though he did not get enough to kill him. Oh, well, the race I paid tribute to other horror directors, almost all the characters sharing their names. However, this film does not add anything, but I suppose a nice little touch. The play is fine, but Michael Ironside, who is usually trusted, is depressed and disinterested, as he seems to be asking himself if he works again. Forget about a gore, someone hangs, squeezes it with a crucifix that is outside the screen, someone with a neon light, a computer crazy and somebody's face (!?) And Mary Louk comes after Vicki's body. First of all, the scene was nice as a rotten zombie. There are even flat forehead shots in the showers, if so. Give a little credit Hello Lou: Prom Night II is well-liked, with fairly good production values ​​and generally good. In general, Hello Mary Lou was disappointed: Prom Night II was too slow and, after all, to keep my interest for about 100 minutes. I do not know if it's worth a score of 3 or 4 stars, I'll give you 4, I do not think it's anything wrong with it, and I'm sitting down in a lot worse, but it did not do anything. I'm afraid
