I want to find a horror movie that is awaiting you to find a DVD version again, it's a bit wrong, why do you select BOSA? I love a small budget for the live video or other free modes of the video. I love the hacking of the 80s. I love savages savvy people who are stupid at night to kidnap and kill psychos and eat it. I'm an idea of ​​a movie or movie company that works for a horror movie industry. Found public places, non-actors, behind the camera, talent and studio. NO TASK! The suggestive image of THE FOREST is the opening of a couple of rides away from the woods: we see small and weak creatures, because human beings would not enter into a dark and dark world that enters the food chain. the most fearful predator. Then the movie takes on an immersion and never regains it. We meet the backpack couple, when they realize they're walking. They separate and kill both, and then we meet the protagonists of the movie, driving cars on a floating ground. They meet their friends and decide to make a campaign. The sounds of the dump filled the room with people who were watching a movie, saying that there was no word for mobile phone messenger, which sucks the movie. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this is the movie. Too boring, and this movie is very talky. This would not be so bad for writers to say something to the public to say something stupid, subtle and unnecessary. You know that your horror movie has problems with the cartoon character of the most interesting lines that warns all Cannibal Woods away from the playground. And speaking about these "forests", they are far from civilizations, just like the empty gap that lies near the stadiums, with only rocks that run through larger rocks and currents. The main plots of the forest are spectacular, but there is no sense of being in the middle. If a character would sit down on a track and wait for someone to wait for it enough. <br /> <br /> The worse in the movie is not a human interest, I do not know what these couples are and they do not care about what happens. Ahaide canibal slasher guy does not take any interest, even if he sees the preparation of a new meat from his victim's leg, who caresses his boyfriend, who seeks refuge in his cave. It is called "remarkable" irony. Along with the deliberately worrying music synthesizer, the film is clear that someone has linked a dog to a camera and, as the people's movements continue, we have a nonsense movie. It's not terribly terrifying how a PBS television education research works with the magnet. <br /> <br /> I do not mean that after this movie, people had to "go out", of course, because they were part of the project. Unlike anything, they were not creatively encouraged and they just got another boring movie on a witch who wandered women in the woods with a knife. With this concept nothing is wrong, it is wrong to conclude that the pedestrian is a simple and straightforward way, that is to say, that it does not conclude that it takes only about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it has done quite quickly and there is not much to do with the repetition project - that's why I'm confused by anyone who may feel the need for a DVD release. Well, Prisma Video was a year-long rental, with a DVD rate of $ 5.99 a month on the shelves. There is little need to watch the movie and you're not thinking of making a low budget wooden hacker in a public park, no money to shoot. Here are some steps to guide. <br /> <br /> Having said all that, the film has had an interesting sequence or, in fact, it became so enigmatic a sequence that was so pathetic and incredibly thought-out. In other words, in a cut and dry film: the wife comes to bed with a contractor in bed. He will send his beloved, his arms with a kitchen knife, to use it in a horror film and take it after the runner. The man attacks and attacks his quarry and escapes, so that the psychiatrist can make a step with his lighter weapon step by step. Psycho attacks again and the guy escapes. The psychopoe returns to appear again and again escapes. Then again! In the end, in the fifth attempt, the psyche gets dude, so it falls on a slab device. How did he get armed with a much stronger army? Is there a supernatural element for this psycho psyche? The movie never shows clearly that the scene is just a riddle to carry out some strain. The goal is clear The whole movie is like that, without having to do it without having to run it, it can be such a blue fist and an uninteresting one, but it is impossible to wonder what this was. <br /> <br /> <br/> 3/10, and a wide-ranging proof that you can release a movie on DVD does not necessarily mean you.
