The titles of the dark slasher (almost right) of the 1980s remind me of the mega-smash-monster song of The Cure, which is why a section of this user's comment headline. Also, I did not say anything else that was useful, however. But, Oi, "The Forest" is not entirely hopeful and not that * that * bad, really. If it's not elsewhere, at least the 80's 80s rule will not be accepted: someone is killed in the first 10 minutes. Surely you've heard about the premise of this movie a few dozen times before, but let's not let it be seen, "The Forest" can offer more than just a wonderful image of the lid. It's a curious slasher in the 80's! The main characters are not teenage teenagers and scripts with supernatural intentions. The concept is not always successful, nor is it incredible, but it's interesting to have your attention and even a stunning moment with strained and surprising lines. Both married couples decide to go camping in isolated California forests, but because of their stupid bets, their husbands are traveling. Just a night, they get their children, children themselves and, finally, they receive amazing visits to their dad's father who hunt their father. The demented family may be genuine or imaginative, but women are at risk and when their husbands arrive they have disappeared. Men also meet the family and learn more about the dysfunction background. "Forest" is a strange and curious film, at least. It's not the masterpiece of the graphic, but the strange atmosphere is strangely afraid of the 80's. The killings are quite dreadful and voluntary, including a huge body of throat and pain, and shooting spots are incredibly beautiful. The more you see the story and its violent rotation, the less it will be, so my advice is to enjoy this strange experience of inspection and not a minute more. The plays are above the average; music is good, and at least, director, Donald Jones ("Schoolgirls in Chain" for the 70's), has been responsible for most of the horror movies of 80s. The bad eventually fails.
