Summary: The mysterious compact signal that broadcasts the radio signals is found in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is dug and taken to an Antarctic research center. Julian Rome, former SETI employee, will clarify the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is an old girlfriend, and the situation becomes difficult to complicate, especially because other female researchers are almost self-evident. Inside the ice block is switched on faster. Soon, the object is open. Mystery continues as the object generates a lot of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but before that, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But it's too late, and the object explodes when it finally breaks down and reveals two things on the ground. The first one is a foreigner with an object shed, and the other is a virus that kills the investigator immediately. And Washington, who is up to date on this historical event, decides that these things can not be turned on the earth. The Russian submarine nuclear force is transferred to the Antarctic. <br /> <br /> Comments: The movie has some surprises. Carl Lewis is striking for performing acting performance, and the other is a beautiful special effect, well functioning and better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many natural surprises and this time it's not right. Actually, movies seem to make up a scene that is almost randomly connected with films. It's never been explained why he knows so much Washington, why is Washington able to command underwater Russians, why is the Antarctic object and now he wakes up. It is really confusing that the alien party transmits intelligible English. Some of this explanation meant that foreigners had been to the Earth beforehand and knew the language (and, of course, why he chose English). But it is very confusing why the beautiful aliens who want to save their Earth from the virus, send a coded message "Do not open"! And, finally, the end is open as an end. <br /> <br /> The movie is entertaining, but too much energy (with me) has to be diverted to fill the plot's void. So, the whole impression of the movie is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
