The story is like this: a small town, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When he arrived, he would realize that he was not as faithful as himself. Katie then goes on to venture into this New York adventure. The bicycle messenger cometh as a comedy and generates charming misfortunes. The hole in the ground falls and thus meets Charismatic goddess Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for him, but fate and Ben are not so easy. "Just" is a perfect little scapegoat for a scandalous little businessman who decides a couple of bad executives in a girl and blonde building company. The misunderstandings that are ridiculous and sad are the consequences. However, this is not a blonde that does not fall. <br /> <br /> They will give an opinion on this film that people will be wrong. Jokes are confident and fit, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Benen is so natural that Godard puts everything that creates embarrassment. Jessica Simpson can create talented roles once more. Simpson is really our daytime Marilyn Monroe (a scene in his honor!). It is perfectly balanced between weakness and caprice. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book on her cover! Luke Wilson is always as charming as ever. Although the flounder is covered, it would be as attractive as a man. Its light touch, dog-eye dog and the way it's set is hard to resist. Andy Dick plays a role as a born, one of two diabolical directors. It can not really be underestimated. The strength of performance is its limit. It is noteworthy, because most actors just flee with him, and they laugh laughing. It's not this guy! <br /> <br /> She has made a hilarious and often hilarious comedy directed by Scott Marshall, along with movie masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit. This is what everyone likes, especially Jessica Simpson. His most sincere smile and the most daring laughing heart made him a great smile. It can be tough, but you're not that hard! All those who would like to recommend it are recommended to take a stand and once we will see a romantic comedy. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and soundtrack rocks! <br /> <br /> Now you do not get it. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
