Yes, I know you're excited. Well, * the secret lives of dentists * are not angry with your expectations: they are strong, but essentially inozimatical, true but sad. It's a story of a pair of couples who dance and share the same practice (the problem is already a recipe: unless our work's life is different, our spouses would all be overwhelmed by irritation). . Campbell Scott, who does not remember his mustache and clothing Everyman in The Simpsons *, Ned Flanders is the boyfriend of The Simpsons * and is the home of Hope Davis. . One night, when father and daughter take part in the Davis performances, the wife knows that her wife simply sings her frustration: she kisses her wives and flirting with the opera director. (Nice touch: we have never seen the director of the opera director.) Regardless of the distribution, divorce and custody audit procedures, lawyers will only be profitable for Scott to pretend to ignore his wife's ignorance. br /> <br /> Literate among you are beginning to start breathing: ho-hum, another pathetic story, Cucumetón Sniveling. But Rudolph, when he made his story on Jane Smiley, offsets the well-being of the material through some bright post-modern touches. For example, one of the belligerent scars of Scott (Denis Leary, quite conserved - and strictly - in a check) later will be the construction of the dentist's imagination, which emerges as the defender of Devil-on-the-the-shaup. masculine virtues ("Dump the b --- h!") etc. In order to prevent his new friend from being imaginative, Scott, in addition, joins the two fantasies committed to his wife, along with two male assistants working in his practice. It will not be too far to say that this movie * People say It's a Real Shadow * (or at least a minimum of a group). In this regard, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are human beings who are familiar with Cruise and Kidman's glamourpuss partner. In addition, * Secret Lives * script is more important than Kubricken. As a test, I offer the image of children of dentists, especially the youngest ones of 3 or 4 years, whose main expression is "Father! Father! Father! Father! Father! FATHER!" Family Life is well, it has all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film would create an interesting double bill with * Kramer vs. Kramer *. From 1979 to 2003, the feminization of American women can be easily explored. In this movie, Father is a housewife in * * Kramer *, but she does not like her homemade, because Dustin Hoffman is not very masculine. make up Here, Scott gets his work done; For example, to eliminate children's wear, cooking, cleaning, and transferring children to all subsequent activities in the school. And without complaining. (Without commentatory guidance, it has been considered a recognized one.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, especially regarding truthfulness. However, it is dragged down by greatness, because it puts it in a fashion of warning, as a long scene that ends in a long scene; Imaginary fantasy sequences that we started by the imaginary director Leary. What is the existence, by the way, the latest memory of the character of * Fight Club * Brad Pitt. And finally, the movie is another great mistake: lack of originality. In this review, I find it easy to mention other films. We say that this movie is mostly an improvement, but anyway. * It's worth to see * the secrets of the Dentist's life, but do not get upset. (However, you were excited about all this. I think).
