It seems that previous reviews, most of them praising the film's accuracy, are not reading Louis Pasteur's biography. Pasteur and Napoleon III are the most important relationship. bad light Far away from marvelous characters. He was a politician and a "military genius," in order to drag France into a bitter war, there was no stupid reactionary here. He had an interest in science in the nineteenth century. Like many other people in the century, it saw a bright future due to improvements. Pasteur was exiled, he was PATRON, and he built all the resources. he needed research. While the building was under construction, Pasteur was seriously ill. The bureaucrat, who decided to lose money, decided to build a laboratory that would soon kill him, he stopped his work of authority. The Emperor informed him that he had shaken his bureaucracy and, in this way, he shook his head, and the work began immediately. The Emperor visited Pasteur to ensure that he comforted his comfort and corn. to admire Pasteur's projects to his forensic partners, and it was obvious to everyone that he was one of Pasteur's favorite emperors. The main concern of Emperor Pasteureus was that Napoleon thought Pasteur was almost a miracle. Almost nothing can be done by the worker, and he constantly assigned his duties beyond his previous experience. Pasteur, a rather humble man, always protested this, but Napoleon would say he had complete faith, and despite Pasteur's thoughts. They were always there. They always had a very close and friendly relationship, and after the emperor had sunk, Pasteurri wanted to say no good word for his life's ending. <br /> <br /> The part of him that is the child's baby, and sacrificing his principles to Pasteur's doctor, never happened. The anthrax and rabbit part, it was famous, is generally correct, but the anthrax experiment is believed to have raised the reputation of darkness. false At that time it was famous and respected. This film has a dramatic attitude, but the biography is very distorted.
