[NOT SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Lion King Timon and Pumbaa are watching. Timon decides to go back before the story begins. So they will go back. Back Back to Simba before birth. Back to Timonen Pride Rock was far from the old house. A clan of the crest was lurking on the ground to hide them. The worst dog in the clan was called Timon, and was self-centered. My mother blamed him, but Uncle Max shook his head. His mother asked Timon to take care of him; Timon had somewhere better and better dreams. Then Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed arrived, and nearly Uncle Max was killed. He did that. The other soldiers wanted to go Timon while Timon pushed him away. So, her mother gave her a kiss and started. She did not go far enough to start a bad home. At that time Rafik knew it, that is, to look beyond what he sees. Timon did not think what he meant, so he went on and he met a Warthog called Pumbaa, due to a loneliness problem. Then Timon and Pumba meet, but Timon has known them more than friends. <br /> <br /> Rock Pride, zebras, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinoceros, giraffes, elephants, and many other animals will be coming soon. he gathered What happened? Timon did not care. They came in Then Timon saw that Rafik was watching Pride Rock on something he could not get into the air. Then all the animals took a bow. Honoring the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa overcame the gas, and the animals bent over their nose; Timon and Pumbaa try out a bunch of new homes, but each one is having fun in the form of continuous songs or the wild ones or wildebeests! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly descend to the stream. Upon reaching the ground, Timon will decide to give it up. But then they look at their new paradise. It was beautiful: the trees and the water turned away from seeing their eyes. Timon was named after Raki's curious phrase: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa chopin out in an afternoon to suddenly join Simba. They take him under his wing and become father figures. They teach tea and cooking competitions. Soon, a teenager Simba takes Timon in a snail slurping contest. Simba won, leaving Timon to be ill. <br /> <br /> Then, one day, Simala's childhood friend Nala arrived. Timon and Pumbaa found out that friendship broke out. Suddenly, Simba escapes. After Nala and Pumbaa race, but not Timon. He stays in "Hakuna Matata", until Rafik speaks in a reasonable way, after joining Pride Rock's friends. Then Timon's mother and uncle Max are usually. Simba, with Scar, Mother and Max creates a huge hole to catch Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. He worked. Scar immediately throws it into the same hole that hyeas swallowed. Then everything is fine. Mom, Uncle Max and other homeland live with Timon and Pumbaa in Paradise Hakuna Matata. To date, Timon and Pumbaa want to see a mother, mother, uncle Max, Simba and Rafik again. Also, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that King Leon 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was ridiculous and stupid. He was the original Lion King masterpiece. He had serious stories with light comedy. This was absurd and he mocked him. I swear that sometimes Timon and Pumbae are playing too much. They are no longer fun, overloaded with annoying points. The original voice has been translated: Nathan Lane Timon, Ernie Sabella Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg Shenzi, Cheech Marin Bonzai, Jim Cummings Ed, Robert Guillame Rafiki. The new director, Julie Kavner TV (Too), The Simpsons series, is Tim's mom and Jerry Stiller's uncle Max. So, however, this movie is not the Lion King III and it is not II, because it is already II. It occurs after Part I and II. The portion is far away. That's why it's 1/2. In the end, I do not recommend that you kill the harsh fans of Lion King, because it is ridiculous and foolish. However, I recommend children so they will love it. I also hope to film LAST Lion King. It's good enough. "The king of lion 1 1/2". We look forward to the success of the sequel to Disney. <br /> <br /> -
