A director and his team go to the isolated Beal mansion to make a low-budget film about the mysterious seven Beal family in the last century. With the warnings given by the caregiver, the director damn damn damned house. He has found a book called the Book of the Dead in Tibet, one of the crew, which will use some episodes for his screenplay. But if they do so, they raise the ghost in red from the tomb. <br /> <br /> It's all bored, confusing and wonderful, it is one of the same, this midnight horror production is the same. It feels eternal, it seems that they never came to show or show anything more effective than some senseless ideas. Although Paul Harrison's directing director's unbreakable director set up antiquities, moods and atmospheric parts. But he laid it down at the beginning of laziness. Within a film structure, the whole film plays a large part of the film, and this time there is not much interest. It's not fun Think of Bob Clark's "Children Should not Play with Dead Things (1972)" with Bob, "and now we have older actors, but I found" Seven Bodies. "It has a lot of initial scripts, At the end of the day, the finishing touches were not important, but the dark and gloomy appearance of the palace had a huge air, and the performances of the B-cast are rigid, especially when it is hidden in the small part of John Carradine John Ireland is the headmaster of Faith Domergueren's actress, who calls attention to Charles Macaulay, who runs the slow premature grinding of "Ten Little Indians" and the usual configuration of the area. It is not all that passionate, even with its hidden and supernatural edge, which also spills hell on a monthly basis without any victories. When it's look? in the end, but a little late. It gets a little better if it is very confusing. Like the inspired opening, the end is wonderful. With so much trouble, it drags on. In many scenes constant existence occurs, and in the movies that are making the death scenes more and more bloody (but poorly executed), then what happens when the area appears. The general music score is in its mouth, but it goes hand in hand with gothic lines, and the camera's work is not lacking in imagination. Shooting and frame. Shooting and frame. Work. This is the translation.
