It's really kind of a movie that admits it's really great. I usually sanctify such things! Initials of the 70s, sound titles and a low-budget atmosphere, usually ROCK. The "House of the Seven Bodies" appeared to have a greater speed for more, because it is a great gathering of great genres (John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and spot shooting (title, cemetery) are very obvious. It is advisable to make a horrible horror story. The film begins with its greatest and surprisingly memorable sequences, although unfortunately the only ones can be. The credits are superbly assembled with incredible color effects and extravagant frames, because the title has received the famous character of the house. The last seven owners mysteriously died here and gleefully show their latest moments of credit rolling. Someone is shrieking down the balcony, drowning a woman in her bathtub, and another woman's body hanging on the ceiling and four more macabre. Needless to say, the house is cursed and Mr. Price (Carradine) misleading behavior of the guarantor strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house is the director of the famous director, Eric Hartman (John Ireland), to film his horror movie Satan project. Within the film, the structure is that "The House of the Seven Bodies" is so boring and disturbing. Is there a lot of film material wasted when the crew roll up the film with the camera and wires or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay, a terribly overwhelming actress, represent stereotypes. The plot gets little interest at the end (a bit, keep in mind) when one of the characters reads some hidden books and suddenly corrupts the backyard. Asthmatic (based on the noise that it produces) the zombie slowly drives home and kills the whole group of films as they recall the previous seven corpses. After approximately 60 minutes of approximately 60 minutes, the film makes a strange and confusing alternation. I still do not know whether it's a last resort or a reincarnation concept, or just about coincidence, and all other things suddenly seem to suffer from great head-on transformations before they die. Honestly I regret that the "House of the Seven Bodies" is a terrifying movie. Locations and landscapes are superb, but they are hardly used and there is a lack of blood flow. The low-budget gems of the seventies were enormously gross; so there is no economic resource available, and the death killings are not really counted. The veteran veteran star also offers great performances and Harrison's direction is totally disturbed. It is not recommended that the first credit of four and a half minutes and half of reproduction credits make it worth the effort to buy a copy.
