Dreamgirls, Tony's Tony won, although he was very weak all year long, he was never called a curious songwriter's crown. However, this is not a film in the right hand that can not be softened into something worthy of the screen. Unfortunately, in terms of what goes on the screen, it's basically a true, honest version of the stage hit, all its weaknesses are within. First of all, the score is never one of the strongest points in this production and the fact that this movie is not changing. There are many songs (maybe too many?), But a few are particularly memorable. Among the most popular melodies, One Night Only - And I Am Telling You, I Not Not Going, is a very good song, Effiezen (Jennifer Hudson) is less than a dramatic set of characters. . The film is rigorously and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking resonance. At the beginning there is a lot of interest in seeing that Jamie Foxx's director Svengali manages to manipulate his actions, but in the second part of the movie he takes a back seat, even though he is trying to throw the story as bad. It was right to get a good majority of the film from the business posts. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and she sings well, but above all she is stuck with a character that has all the skin shining. Anika Noni Rose Dreamgirls third-quarter film literally does not have any movie. Eddie Murphy accepted as a singer based on James Brown, but the role was not particularly tasty and eventually had little impact. Foxx seems to be an ideal casting, but it seems to be completely removed and bored. The biggest selling point in the movie, former American Idol / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson, will surely be the role of Effie White, a faithful singer from the band that closes the victory. For me, Effie has always had a serious problem in the show and in the movie. The movie, of course, wants to make you feel your regret and, rather, it plays with love, but I have never had that character worthy of this devotion. From the beginning, Effie maintains herself as a nasty, self-centered and self-centered diva, most interested in what most others can do to her, but only partly. When they get rid of the lawyer and their bad attitude, the charges are well-founded, but on the stage / movie, Effies thinks that the gloom is unlimited because it has a great voice. Although the film tries to soften some of Effie's tougher edges, the expenses are still there, to make it more enjoyable. He transforms his story into a more manipulative one, suggesting that there is another reconciliation, because the mother who is struggling to raise her daughter is endless. That's why it's similar to a talents card, which is an excuse to act immediately. In fact, the film only tells the great effort that Effie's mother tries to show, and then joins a scene that sued her daughter in the unemployment office. This girl does not "father no", and then she does not refuse to win money. To promote employment, everything is sung everything. In the hands of a skilled actor, the gaps were solved by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actor. She sings well, but the moments of the conversation do not match at all a lot of emotion. Effie's signature moment (the number I and I Am Telling ...) Hudson is well-interpreted but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie claims to express his anger and disappointment in the face of his problem, but Hudson emerges as the interpreter of the cabaret. In short, there is no obvious emotion we expect. The second part of the film is basically a frontier between Foxx's predictions of events that maneuver in Hudson's first position and allow everyone to go back. The widespread crime in Foxx's film is undoubtedly a bit like the production of many hard drive producers, but the unwanted implication that the film implies in the course of his speech is quite a bit ridiculous, especially apparent and misfortunes. A movie with all the depths of a well. The final result is a faithful interpretation of the successful stage that can be described as emotion, energy or dynamics.
