Okay, I agree again that they have not seen any other Merchant Ivory (distributor) movie. I do not even see more well-known director-directors, so my ability to discuss before my Earth is also diminished. With that introduction, start me. <br /> <br /> Before you, another movie is not what you want to know. At first she wants to be a romance. In most religions, the protagonist falls in love, separates him from the assistant and sometimes joins his partner. The hero of this movie has won the heart of his lover, but he can not be with him. It is named after Henry Moores, whose name is Sajani, and lives in the south of India at the end of the days of Raj (British Empire). Henry has long forsaken London and has fallen in love with the maid who is in love, despite the legal marriage and the baby abroad. What is better than that? In intimate evenings, they often enter the baby until they notice. The word extends to Sajan's husband, questioning the involvement of Moores. He refuses to contact him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani refuses to devote himself to suicide. Please note that these events occur at the opening of the third of the movie. The film changes the tone and becomes a crime drama in its last parts. The alleged author is Mooresen English, T.K. T.K. He knows his master's affair, but he is silent until his life becomes a threat. After naming him innocent, he wants to restore his homage to Moores. T.K. It is excessive and leaves a dirt road when rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to let you know, this is not a romantic movie. The DVD cover and theatrical poster embraces an Indian woman and the Caucasian man in an idealized tropic. This image comes directly from the opening of the movie, but it quickly disappears. Then it's over. It seems to be an attempt to capitalize on the Western solution of forbidden love. It's not at all effective. The film is not just love, but its characters have no personality. They are a series of pedestrian topics. Moore is a white man, his Indian friend, T.K. T.K. It is divided between its own heritage and educational background. Sajani is a woman who is not able to choose her romantic life. Oh, and, of course, the death of the Moors family, Sajan, is terrible, but the Indians still have little racism. If the tone was not so severe, I'd like to ignore these problems, but it's not. The film is presented with a didactic text tone that highlights the poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not horrible. Although not a revolutionary script, it is not poor. All actors live and work well here. Nandita Das, at the Sajani theater, Water drama was a wonderful Indian. The director of Sivan also has a huge curriculum. The Terrorist is part of the collection of "Great Movies" by Roger Ebert. What happened here? Why is this movie bad? Well, Sivan mentioned that he was inspired to direct the film in a short name called Red Roofs in Israel. Apparently, the story was "timeless," and Sivan sought to create a similar experience in India in 1930. I have no problem with that approach, but I think that Sivan was very motivated this time. Actors, cinematography and performance are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is that you do not agree with it and see something else. Last consensus: * and ½ outside *****
