I understand that this year, after seeing this first time, Laurel & Hardy is the worst. For me, it's not as close as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some great mistakes. The film has been created to be the owner and teacher of the Laurel and Hardy dance studio. Hardy is fun as a pioneer of "London Bridge", surrounded by 20th Century Fox starlets, while in the next room, Laurele teaches novice ballet while dressed as a dancer. A wooden carpenter releases glue on the ground and Hardy gets more predictable. Then come racketeers, now they sell for insurance cover their racket protection. One of them is Robert Mitchum, very young and beautiful. But the boys are soon arrested when they start buying insurance. <br /> <br /> This is at the end of the gangsters and we'll see the last dance studio. The rest of the film is sponsored by Laurel and Hardy Trudy Marshall and the boyfriend of the inventor Robert Bailey. First of all, parents who are trying (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful Allan Lane will soon find out how to hide their relationship. As a result, Briggs's secret bar is revealed in Dumont's whole, and sinking into a pond beneath a carpet that covers fate rich can be found beneath it. When boy Bailey helps show his ray guns, the pandemonium is created. The dead rebel Case and Dumont announce that the house is a fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay his dance studio rent and to break Laurel to make a leg. There are no references that insurance dealers were gangsters and that policy was probably invalid. (If it became an insurance seller, they would be revoked after being arrested). Laurel left the driver to leave the bus, abandoned by an abandoned dog (the frozen cover, Toto's apparent cake or maybe a real greeting), ending up on a huge beach, and ending its wheels along the way. Roller coaster guns can be exciting, they show "Abbott and Costello Hollywood", which is fun but anti-lyric. <br /> <br /> As the story rises, it seems that all the gag are not. Pointing out, that is, one-time reelers together to make a long, long-running, just make a part of a double bill together was just a series of impressions. L & H, as I have mentioned in other versions later, after leaving Hal Roach's employment, lost its brightness, but surprisingly they are not as old and tired as in the same movies. year. Gag was not fun, as was the case with other films, this would surely classify "2" unlike "3".
