This film uses all the topical artworks (slow, static, little dialogue) to try to hide what is not here: No need to speak, the characters are dark. lead) or cliché (the character of Tersteeghe), and never talked together about their relatively conflicting lives. The film focuses on a woman who knows her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, he takes revenge with heart to adulterate himself. After reconciliation after a fight and his sister - a man who had not known adultery had not been told by her husband asks her to cheat her husband. Apparently, they have met as a family. The other two lines - the competition movement with the wife and wife of the father of the old woman Guernesez is not an interesting development. The suicide of a female colleague who is taking part in the incidents of the film is not a single issue. For 2005 - or any other such year - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> In addition, small screen dramatic developments are not used or consciously avoided. When the woman and her sister mark a specific piece of furniture from their father's home, due to the anticipated movement. Both sisters want this specific piece and they have a past competition - more important than furniture - men - in theory can lead to conflicts. Or a sister's subject could solve the other. In any case, this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it would be a development. The film clearly states this situation (when the two sisters look at each other, and their sister does not want to draw straw), but any solution strikes us: the scene is over and how this - but rather sad and materialistic - is resolved it's not showing <br /> <br /> Although there is not much, the conversation in the movie is violent and flat. For example, during a visit to Guernsey, two sisters face their rivalry in three "online" conversations, that is to say, "yes it is not there". The struggle and reconciliation scene with two sisters is not entirely in dialogue - a very artificial impression, very stylized and realistic, and a significant reduction in the impact. Finally the woman - finally! - He believes that adultery is placed in a single line of conversations, he believes to be believing and at the same time is incredible. It does not seem that the husband has a noticeable reaction or does not appear. The woman does not say her adultery to her husband. A scene showing his wife, husband and young son on an airplane, watched over by his sister, is happy at the end, but the way in which people deal with their life issues is difficult with the previous one. </ B> <br /> With its slow pace, interesting stories, leadership and an absurd lack of dialogue, I've seen everything that could be wrong with art film and a waste of time.
