This movie beverilders me. I'm a stupid Americana, but I'm just blowing 400. Everything I read about this movie was very enjoyable, but I was not interested. I am sure that the revolutionary is saying to all film critics, but when it comes to it, it's really boring. Maybe it's a language barrier, maybe I'm not "sensitive" or "art", but I hate this movie anyhow. The story itself is not bad; It is about a young French boy, who is treated unfairly by parents and teachers, and finally ends at a youth facility. By the way, that should be interesting and at the beginning. In the interview, nothing was wrong, but it is hard to say that half of the interviews were not subtitles and without apparent reason, so I did not always know what happened. But to be able to understand it enough it was reasonable to talk. Actors were credible, but it's hard to say what he's going to do in real situations. So you feel the main character, but only when it creates problems, you think, yes. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time it gets worse, the problem lasts more than once, but the reasons are never changing much. And the whole movie realizes that nothing is really true of the main character. So, waiting to see how it ends. At the end, by the way, he was above his head. It's art for me and I did not get it. It was easy enough to take the lead away. The structure was definitely and sensible, but everything was really drawn. Due to significant conversations and moments, the movie could be an hour short. It's just finished. There were a number of unnecessary long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; For example, it was the main character that took down the road that had lasted for thirty seconds. Now, I am convinced that this was somewhat deeper meaning, but for the average audience, I would prefer to get more food at the same time. Or, at least, make something more useful and sit down and run this boy, that is, to make my laundry or nap. <br /> <br /> The final verdict <br /> <br /> The whole movie would feel very moving and it would be amazing, and I would give life a great lesson, only to get what the director tried to say? the only decisions. As it did, I deceived the good two hours of my life.
