This movie called "Laurehun golpe" is in the wrong translation. Faire les 400 coups wants to live a "life" wild. In French, I am surprised when I see the reputation of this well, but it's not an excellent movie. 1. The first film of "nouvelle vague" is not; check out Agnes Varda's "pointe courte" (1956) Alain Resnais "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol's "le beau serge" (1958). Historically, the "400 coups" came from. 2. "Nouvelle vague" was sometimes hard and harsh before the previous ones: nighttime Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others were forgotten neglected. "nouvelle vague". Never heard (or read) a thirty-generation generation (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) laugh, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. So thanks to Truffaut and co. Some have never met some gems of the fifties or the fifties (Duvuvier's "sous le ciel de Paris", "Autant-Lara" douce, "Yves Allégreten" if yes jolie petite plage "and" manèges "). William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann said they were absurd. 3. "The 400 coup states" is technically quite disappointing: it is very academic, it can be as straightforward as the story is, the teacher is caricature, and Claire Mauriren's mother gives us a memorable look (French must be). In 1960, to understand the horny): Well, your father only has his summary (junior high school) and, for me, I have only my secondary education diploma! In 1960, almost 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should be proud of her mother, she wants to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared to "Hiroshima mon amour" innovations, a new "400 form" and "fragment" content, the "400 coups" is very important. and Jim ", accompanied by the incredible Jeanne Moreau 5. Interpretation is very hard, while Jean-Pierre Léaud, dubbed in English, is still a decent one, but is soon to come into its own when it comes to the loss of its generation 6. Topic = childhood stolen better days He has previously (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuel's "forgotten ones") and later they will (Maurice Pialat's "enfance nue", Kenneth Loach's "Kes"). Truffaut does not The movie is not bad, but in French, French filmmakers prefer "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (a film that is honest, truthful and commercially difficult for guilt). Poche "(" 400 collective states "is much more fun) or its" Hitchcock pastiche "vivement is a delightful sunset. <br /> <br /> <br />
