Frank Zappa is an axiom as "music journalism is not a person who can not read conversations with people who can not read". If musicians could not prove it, this is a movie. Repeated essays are repeated with themselves, in monosyllabic comments through innocent comments: "Wow." (Thank you Idris Muhammed.) This movie is apparent, but while Youssou N'Dour's pontificating and gifted group of men (and a token of women) mute the music day. /> The main idea of ​​the film is interesting (that is, the main idea that has taken my main idea). Collect a group of American and European musicians and travel through different styles of slavery and slave music, to the roots of Western African music and a concert at the fortress. Gorée on the coast of Senegal. We treat gospel, blues, jazz and their variations, such as New Orleans and Senegal (a wonderful battery). There are also many N'Dour compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it is another weakness. It is never too clear what N'Dour wants to achieve. In some ways, the movie looks like a self-promotion activity in N'Dour. He wants to play his music, perform in a company of a group of musicians who admire and admire. Clearly, this is embarrassed and, at the beginning, he gets the blessings from the curator of the Gorée museum. <br /> <br /> The clash between different agendas revealed in other places. For example, someone could tell the story of black music was not told in any gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his friends are Muslims (repeatedly in the film). The initial sequence that fears the black Christians are very uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until they have closed harmony (a single black Christian with a tone?) Dakar will appear at the end of the film. (To be fair, they become victorious and interpret the best pieces of the film.) The story of black music, in the direction of the gospel, why not even in Latin America? Where are the black influences of the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba Reggae? Then there is Europe. It seems as if the Black Diaspora did not produce Caliber Musicians, because N'Dour picks up the Austrian guitarist and Luxembourg as a trumpet player. Do you have a team that has played before N'Dour? But I was the one who found me most, but it was a long sequence that reflects the Islamic culture of beatnik / black power / islam in the 60s at Amir Baraka in New York City (a.k. Leroi Jones). Hearing speaks about the importance of "knowing your story," and then the next breath, ignorant. Why do so many African-Americans think that taking their Arab name is their African affirmation? And why do you think that Arab Islam is much more admirable than Christianity in Europe? Who does the African slave trade first play with? The movie does not currently speak about Africa's state of affairs as a "300-day conditions". Senegal seems to be poor but happy, an elegant, friendly and welcoming musician, respect for their elders (and not American visitors to flee to the fish market). Is my imagination ethnic stereotyping? There is no comment on N'Dour and the camera crew about the armed guard who needs to cross the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a lot of involvement in the film. The slaves who came from Dakar came from Dakar. There has been a similarity between folk-folk folk from New Orleans and Senegal's folk style. In the end, the slaves who heard the slaves delivered them were the drums of their home country, they said goodbye. Except, of course, the slaves sent by Dakar did not have Dakarrena. Coastal Senegalans were seized or marketed in the interior, and today they were sold to sellers of any European power who had the fortified slave Gorée. Dakar people are not the descendants of Africans who escaped from slave trade, surely? More likely? their black brothers sold them to slaves and exiles to descendants of people. <br /> <br /> The two new agenda appeared again in the last part of the film. There are two endings. On the one hand, N'Dour and Co are performing in the courtyard of fortress of Goré, who are making and preparing themselves on the same path. The other end comes when Harmonyers sings the spiritual "Return to Glory" at the gates of the fortress's slave fortress. This deeply impacts, although it may be difficult as the performance of the theater appears. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is not a bug. Taking a look at the story and pulling it in different directions. Irritable, confusing, beautiful and emotional alternately. Look at it (listen) for music and feeling, but do not wait or expect intellectual ingenuity.
