"Frankenstein's Curse" was so much like that, "Frankenstein Must Destroyed" again started again to see Cushing ... for the time being with Chistopher Lee. Thanks to my great despair, not only does the movie Lee, but also the Frankenstein's monster! "If we do not get Lee, we will not be a monster" case? Why did they do it? The monster is half the whole thing! This film was used for the analysis of Frankenstein Baron and only in brain transplants before the end of experiments, before finishing an asylum. I found the script very weak, the need to interrupt the beliefs that the viewer was not overly forced to do. I am willing to interrupt a reasonable amount, but this film has been quite ridiculous, that is, it took me out of the film. Before I was immersed inside. in this movie One of the most beloved actors and a sweet man, would surely play a very dangerous and dangerous threat. Supporting is a good ability, but it does not have to do much, even if the young doctor and his daughter have been a blackmail to help Frankenstein. A rough police chief is involved, along with his helpers, to create comic relief, and the movie falls completely! Why? We think that the chief of the police is the main baroness nemesis, and then we will be a young doctor, and then he is the victim of the brain-transplant experiment in Frankenstein. There was no tension, we did not invest in any "creature", and the end was so ambiguous, he was happy because he was setting up another sequel. <br /> <br /> There is hardly any "horror" element. Yes, there's an initial sheet (camera off), and Cushing's two-man skulls are cuts to the summit (again, the camera off), and there's the worst and most unnecessary rape scene. (90% this is again, off-off camera). I understand that "allowing the viewers to think everything is love, it's much worse than what we can imagine," but if you did not give us a monster, it left at least us. SEE the "scary" items you want to include. It's just scary to show the skeleton in a light-emitted lab. <br /> <br /> On a weak script, I thought it was flat on most managers. Some shots were nice, but otherwise there was no excitement, atmosphere or suspense. The same director in 1958 made the "curse", and I thought they were excellent managers ... I think that I was inspired as this film. <br /> <br /> I get the movie 10 to 10 for myself. Peter Cushing's invaluable performance and nuances ... Beyond beyond, I found little in this film that he deserves to be worthwhile. Instead, see my suggestion of "Curse of Frankenstein" and watch Hammer's horrible horror movie.
