In 1942, the configuration of LOVE with the DEATH card also was dated. Half a couple (husband / wife, former husband / former wife) marry another machinations against one another and separation from another, divorce or separation to jealousy, humiliation or otherwise. The schemes were much better done on GIRL on Friday and in classic PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both films have women with a powerful and unpleasant screen and have played independent and proto-feminist characters. In both films, the two women separated and divorced their first husbands (husbands) and divorced them, and set them to marry the most exacting men, and they would draw them to relinquish their wizards and re-enact their passion. one another. HER CARDBOARD LOVER's argument changes the genre: here, Norma Shearer is out of the role of Cary Grant, who is now expelling a boy friend (George Sanders). Robert Taylor hired to pose as his gigolo. The problem is: Shearer is too old to play a role adapted to an actor until the mid-twenties; Sanders takes part as a furnished piece of furniture - the man who would fall in love with his daughter, when he looks like a strange man goes out of the bathroom, here he would light up and make the scene horrible. Not here And as Robert Taylor tries to expel half of the Cary Grant channel, he does his role, not for speech infection, but basically. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer. As for an actor who used parts of intellectual sex and dramatic presence, it seems that Consuelo Craydon seems to be more sterile, more overwhelming and gesturing. Ten years before and better suited, he looks like a very fashionable artist who tosses out a joke like a pretty noisy sponge. Irving Thalberg will only affect fires that tell the theory of his career and the role of the majority of his work. Why did roles play such roles as Charlotte Vale and Miniver Miniver in NOW VOYAGER and MRS in big successes. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most accounts have stated that smoking has been completely lost, and it is not a secret that all the people of that person has basically lost focus and can not wait until they retire or leave as soon as possible. to finish one. Such a case may be here. It seems lost, it seems tired, it seems nice to participate in the passing of the autopilot. After this film, he did not do it anymore, but Janet Leigh would be in charge of staring at the end of the 40s and the 60s.
