I had much time to make cinema sense and no one else was based on other reviews. The initial scene of this movie has nothing to do with the story. There, a journalist journalist of mustache abandons his vacation to get out of his girlfriend. The mountain range is assigned to take photographs. He can say it's a whisper, but I will not tell his boss or later he'll hear the movie. On his way, he meets Patty Shepard with a beautiful writer and convinces him to work on his journey. There is a huge musical score throughout the film, especially the buzzing song, and you want to shout "KUTU DA!" That a person is really peeling will always seem to be a good movie, even though never. There are beautiful mountain scenery and really stunning scenery. The old buildings, quiet and dirty, which are scattered over the mountain and on the mountain, are disturbing. Naked nights are real ones, because someone does not make an artificial fog machine. And the idea, although not original, has the potential. But it never gets better, at least not enough to be worth it. Here's how it goes about roughly. They stop staying at this strange hotel (I hope you call Igor) with the hearing problem. There's a scene that the writer sees in his window, but the scene is so dark, I do not know what was going on. Whether it was a bad lighting or not a bad film transfer is unknown to me. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene that runs around the night. Whether the filed or the witches of the same name are hypnotized or never explained. It is another scene that explains something that has never been stolen from another scene that has never been discovered. They end up seemingly abandoned in this town, a seemingly nice old man. There are other things, including the savage men chained in a cave, trying to sacrifice somehow (they will kill him or spit out?), Witches, a bunch of women. In white dresses that have not appeared until the last 15 minutes and their practices and beliefs never appear. Closing space also makes no sense. When everything is said and done, most people say "Huh?"
