Saying this movie is very hard to follow and it's really nice to sit down. Also, the current, dark, sharpened, editable abysmallya, which is duplicate, is also correct, even if it is cynical and almost invisible. This film needs to be very hard to recover from the original, negative, original negative, and how reasonably it is atmospheric atmosphere (and the director has won the award at the Catalan Film Festival), it might be worth the trouble. So again, maybe ... It's impossible to know what the current situation is about the type of film. It starts very interesting, if you describe a completely absurd sequence of preliminaries, Gerda kills a dreadful loving girl who dies with copper. Carla girl (Mónica Randall, who should be a bit set to release the eyeliner), cleans a bit of gas at the garage and directs the teddy. As Gerda seems to be crazy, Mario (Mario) / Cihangir Caffari ("John" / Cihangir Caffari) went to visit an outdoor photographer. He is working on vacation, but he is disappointed to escape from Carla, to employers in a task ... to give them to the employers. She scowls "Sorry!" while he pulled out the door. Well Mario will be awarded the "Mountain of Witches" (I think somewhere in the Pyrenees). Before arriving to the finish line, it can be seen on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and on the upper part of the bikini. Only a bit frustrated, he decides to be a single writer, both in flirting and then decide that a wave would be the idea of ​​a trip that would climb up the mountain. When he gets his place to pick up his bags, Mario suddenly listens to the evil music. Delia thinks he's just listening to things. <br /> <br /> So both of them start to climb up the hill, to spend the night in a local inn. In it, strangers, partially deaf strangers encounter crazy eyes (Victor Israel) and Delia says that someone was standing here from his window. The next day, under a few trenches, he walks on the mountain, and eventually Mario sets him off from his jeep, and goes after him. While it's happening, someone stole the wheels and forced a piece of it, and eventually got into a jeep to find a village that looks like a small old town ... just as someone tried to deliberately guess. han As we shall see, this has happened. In the town they will find a friendly woman named Zanta (Ana Farra), the only one that is able to stay and stay at home. Mario takes pictures of the "abandoned" city and when they develop them they are full of people. He fled a bit, he began to leave Delia and the "traitor" was stuck in the clouds and they had to get out and drive out. The rest of the film with voodoo dolls, turning black cats into a sexy woman, satan rituals fall into women and a giant. And yes, with wife Casla, the wife is also a witch. Everything happens in the middle of the darkness and to be very honest, I did not know what would happen in most of the time. The "Irekia" end will be inadequate for those who overlook the face of anyone who has to endure that mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, some things stand out for me. really good The first is the actor Shepard, with Barbara Steele's kind of dark and mysterious beauty. There is also a magnificent musical score (played by Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and sings songs, making this film as dramatic as the atmosphere. The location job is quite decent, but as I said, printing is ugly and does not make sense, so follow this carefully.
