In Europe, who is known as Dares Wins; In America, The Final Option is known, but under the title, this fun flick of the SAS action asks the audience to turn aside for about two hours. I find it hard to understand that Lewis Collins (the hero here) was chosen by Roger Moore's Bond films ... this guy is an expression that would get his job in a ceramic museum. Fortunately!) Fortunately, Judy Davis partially exchanges a romance that partially responds as a love-affair terrorist actress, and Ian Sharp's director is a ten-minute action-driven sequence. Wait for waiting for a wait to wait for a wait, and I can not say honestly that it's worth two hours to have a decent life. <br /> <br /> SAS is in charge of a group of peace against Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) who wants to see nuclear weapons at the end of storage. He speaks with the Frankie (Judy Davis) boss and finds an enthusiastic woman who speaks to take measures to achieve her goals. Frankie was thrown in generosity to London for the siege of the United States embassy, ​​urging a nuclear missile to be shot at a Scottish base (the fact that the world is witnessing a real nuclear suffering that everyone will be amazed to join them). disarm campaign). Unfortunately, Frankie makes a mistake in Skellen's small embassy and wants to move forward from his plan with a little help from his home-based helpers. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - quite clearly - by the great aggression in the 1981 Iranian ambassador. One who saw this event considered it good to invent similar lines. Unfortunately, the films are vain, stupid conversations and bad scenes and shameless scenes (this architect's debate is part of a rebellion, right?) Frankie is the idea of ​​creating a nuclear explosion that brings peace. However, it is ridiculous, so it becomes an endless image when the viewer is in the misfortune of an interesting villain. Nor Dares Wins is attempting to celebrate the military leftover SAS, but at the same time brings out a lot of clichés and misguided thoughts. The result is Boy's Own's nonsense but it is totally effective.
