In most of us, there is something, especially, that small villages in small villages who work in some way admire the popular "real men" populist rates. And Sean Penn works for us on cherry. Hey, a lot of people use Penn as a political boy, but I do not set films or actors or directors based on politics or personality. This is the right comment, as a film critic by Debbie Schlussel. Being one of our best actors and being a good director, I believe that this image was not a simple piece of work that is not correct. <br /> <br /> Okay, this is a good police officer, a small, salaried town, Joe. David Morse played an opposing match, the first scene being followed by boys on a roadside country farm. Great cars in the sixties. The guy is in a bad state, he comes out and Joe shoots himself to kill him. There was no explanation for this man who pushed him into a horrible rape, and the parents of the deceased made police chief police officers at the police station when Joe felt he was really sad and guilty of being killed. So, we know that Joe, forced to leave his police station, is a good basic type. Then his brother Frank appears, a sadistic, amoral persecution, the blood of the war from the Navy and Namian hated. Here, and sometimes, others believe that they were merely the irresponsible hell of a younger brother, and Sean was trying to make John Wayne a culture and a hard-earned social force for other people. it enjoys mining and extraction to people. Then, mother and father, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who demand a couple of former town couples, and then die; He became ill and committed suicide, to carry out the story for us. Both evil Frank get out of being miserable SOB. But Joe's good move to Podunksville leads Frank from prison to life by bridging his life and his wife lives with innocent slumber and screams. But Joe has a nice wife, who plays Italian actress Valeria Golina. He is a Mexican Mexican and uses Seank to decorate Joe's decorative ornament and his true fish under uniform and crew. For me, that is, the assertions that Sean uses to fix his nonsense are absolutely insignificant because Mexicans absorbed the Mexicans because it is so hard and cool. <br /> <br /> But it's a bad thing and we have conditions like the car's stolen car, the stealing of the gas station, the officer knocking on the head and then the car and causing all the beautiful things. Then Joey kids put flashbacks of 8-mm movie childhood, when they're jumping on Franky's skirts dressed in cowboy and yadda yadda fighting, we know how deep they are. <br /> </ p> <p> So, the movie has a lot of small villages in the series, with any red stater heart warmer. With the movie, it was a great soundtrack for the seventies, such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, except for the 60s, to win the hearts of the hippy oldies. Sweepers are the worst part of the movie because Springsteen was inspired by "The Highway Patrolman", this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's wife's wife works and Joe will go to the bar to keep people drunk and burned by the people who are drunk. While Joey is a tough guy to take his wife to. Barman Ole Ceasar is good, directed by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank is no good reason and his friend Ceasar dies after Joe Cop leaves. <br /> <br /> So Joe hoped that he would go back to his evil brother and that way. This threat to the right thing and threat to society outside. Instead we get a scene where a brother who stays in front of the 50-year-old junker who stays in front of him gets a scene that stays in the night, and Franky takes his cowboy dress and cap out of the car out of the car with Joe, an 8mm flashback. home cinema sequence Oh, such dreck! Then, to end this festive Drecky SAP, Zen How many crap Indian runners, who is a messenger, is it a message, or Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean has done much better, so do not be afraid of this.
