If my memory is correct, when this movie was released, there was something like a comedy: a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If this is supposed to happen, it really does not work. It's not fun Saying something meaningful (this is called comedy!) Aside from having no personal knowledge about it, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which examines the backdrop of a scene. Toronto's massage salons, to say, that is, if it's true, life is quite dull. <br /> <br /> We've been playing more than one hour, this movie does not do much to give us some knowledge about the main characters. Conrad is in charge of contracting a new massage salon, whose basic work apparently makes no girls "full service" - make sure the true sex euphemism. As girls like themselves, Betty's goal is to buy salons on their own, to run her business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant from Canada, helping her family back home and Leah ... well, Leah is quite curious. There is no specified fictional nature character - the truth - it seems to be in business, because ... that's it! I do not know what his character was. The composite characters that represent the motivations of women involved in this three business are quite reasonable. <br /> <br /> The film makes meander and does not offer much until "rotation" reveals Conrad. bad. We should reach this point earlier. It was really interesting that part of the story: Conrad's secret plan and the revenge against her. This revenge plan was pretty good, and you're grateful, because you've got it, basically you're wondering why you were wasting it. The story that the revenge was watching was really a movie that could be really fun. <br /> <br /> The shows of four leads were attentive, although I did not find it anymore. All four characters were too deep. Cindy was a nice character, and Conrad was a little bit, even though it was a bad movie. Given the matter, there is little nuance (and limited to one scene). In fact, there is a lot about the air of innocence. Regarding the overall quality of the movie, it's a low-budget effort, though I think some irritation, as I suppose, is like a movie created in the context of bodily harm, so it's a pity. No doubt, something seems to have been released 8 years ago, and that he believes he is the only one to resume Soo Lyu's director of writing, and - despite the lack of depth of the Canadian film industry, it was not worth it. He was nominated for the Genie Awards, the Canadian Academy Awards. 4/10 - and that's why I am very generous.
