At one point, Violet (Lucy Liu) Neil tells him (Cillian Murphy) why he tries to find an adventure. "I like it because it's phobic," he said. This means that he can not do his life by doing compulsory activities. Well, I think his reason and the way the film works is very ironic. "Because of the detectives" because boredom is wonderful. <br /> <br /> Some characters are doing something exciting? Neil is a geek who directs his small video rental store. He and his geek are friends along the store, and while watching movies, they're discussing them. But Neil's life is completely rotated when Violet enters her store. A secret woman hides a secret. However, after a few days, they decide to see each other. The problem is that a person who continues to joke in Violet Neil joke and can not do something normal, quite opposite to Neil. It's a question. Do they finally love him? You bet "Detective watching" is a romantic and commercial comedy. And they made it even worse by pretending something else. From the first setup configuration, we know that Neil has not committed any kind of commitment. And then, Violet introduces the scene, jewelry and annoying ones. So, at this time, we all know that we will be sitting in all absurd situations to find out how to end. Are you coming out? I would not say no. <br /> <br /> As I said, they tried to give something more to the audience. "Detective watching" is about talking about commitment. Get to see how far you reach people they want. In the end, we know the crazy thing Viola has done, as far as Neil tries to reach his heart (or whatever). Well, I think riding completely. This film will end quite quickly, says Neil: "Forget it, that girl is a nut!" The "Wind That Barley the Barley" by Ken Loach and Neil Jordan, called "Breakfast on Pluto" by Danny Boyle, "Sunshine" and "28 Days Later", are now in collaboration with many great directors, Cillian- It's a pretty curious choice. Murphy to perform a movie made by a comedian trooper with the song "Broken Lizard" by Paul Soter. Certainly, it's not a bad thing (as usual), but a talented actor like him does not waste time in his film. On the other hand, Lucy Liu is so terrific as Violet. Its play is wrong. I mean the whole place and so on. Tony Montana would be proud. <br /> <br /> The final mistake made by this film is an irrelevant title. You can not just connect a line between the line and the title; and then you end up thinking that it does not make sense. In short, "Detective watching" is nice if there is an unforgettable image that you can not capture on the cable television you want to imagine. <br /> <br /> BloodyMonday Rating: 1.5 / 4
