NOTE: This review has SPOILERS. Do not read if you want some points that you do not see before watching the movies. <br /> <br /> With such a cast, you ask the actors and the actors do not know what they came in. . They had seen the script and said: "Hey, Close the Meeting Point The third group was that this could not be failed." Unfortunately, that does. Did they guess the credentials of the director? Do you want to make a movie "Satan's Cheerleaders?" With a director of a movie called? When Greydon Clark later directs the evil "Final Justice", he did this. We ask how Mystery Science Theater 3000 can make the "Last Justice" stagger and "Return" will be lost altogether. <br /> <br /> The movie is in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and a little girl enter the street, one night, when a powerful space station works, a spacecraft appears and passes over them. Probably the special effect of the film in the worst sequence, the ship covers a red ink. Clark seems to have a water tank in the camera lens, and leaky feathered into the water, so you treat the cheese immediately. However, the ship is left out and the adults do not believe in their children. On the other hand, Vincent Schiavelli, the actor seems to be terrifying (I see his ghost as "ghost", as evidenced), who is the prospector or as I call Miner 1949er. He was taken out of the cave there and draws himself and his dog on boats. Twenty-five years have passed, and the girl has grown up with Cybill Shepherd, Raymond Burr, who works with her father, who analyzes unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd views rare images of satellites on the small town of New Mexico, where he travels to explore. When he arrives there, his ranchers persecute him and blame the recent cuts of recent cuts, and the deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to his rescue. From that moment on, the movie is really dragging out because two of them soon fall into each other, especially when Vincent attacked the locals and Shepherd informed him that he had seen his ship a little boy twenty-five years earlier. While a boring incident occurs, Vincent Schiavelli, next to his killer dog, kills animals and finds himself in an unusual object. Do you know that these huge plastic sticks sell for Halloween trick or sellers, what kind of shine do you make? As Schiavelli seems to be one of those sticks, people use cuttings to burn. It's the second impact on the movie. When Schiavelli is on the screen with a bright stick, the atmosphere of the scene is suddenly darkened, like filmmakers, shimmering sticks believed that this improvement was needed. In the end, it's cheaper than the movie. <br /> <br /> And what does all this mean? It's hard to say that the final mix has arrived. See, Burre and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images he has found as a "ticket-making card", but it does not make any sense. Why do you hear Pastor and Vincent and Schiavelli? Schiavelli explains why he is dying and why he wants Shepherd to be dead, but that does not make sense, when you really think about it. I mean why it does not kill Jan-Michael Vincent? In the end, he was twenty-five years old to do that. And foreigners do not need to have a shepherd dead, why do you try to kill him? When talking about aliens, it is not clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is the purpose? Why did they wait for so much intervention? How could you be able to return to the shepherd? It is not one of these questions or other answers that would be more "returning". However, you have bad lines, bad performance, especially Shepherd, cheesy effects and a bad direction. Fortunately, the stars fled from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon marked the star of "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent B appeared in dozens of times, often in the highest part. Raymond Burre made Perry Mason television movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli was a great feature film character. Martin Landau, when he played an official police officer, quickly made the "Alone in the Dark" and "beings" awesome before it was released before filming. None of these stars ever want to return to their "Return" career. Scoring score: 10 to 10.
