Before you start, you need to know that I'm a great fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. The biography of the Mas Oyama masterpiece was amazing and the fight ever made was one of the best films of the arts, as well as most of Street Fighter films. The action was almost unstoppable and with the exception of Bruce Lee (as requested), in the 1970s, it was the biggest martial arts martial arts film. Because they're so good, I've seen at least 15 movies and now I've bought a few more (I'm in the process of watching). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite the love of these films, I have not seen a man who worshiped a zombie, I'm giving so much film. There's some opinion on this IMDb, and I think that this movie will give you 10 It is because he is not aware of it. From the technical film perspective, it is so badly shot and the source of not being the best work in Chiba. The 10 score is not a real rating: the zombie is trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this film. As I said, this movie is technically terrifying. Part of this I saw the dubbed America's America, its unimportant preface and its bad dubbing. But most of the problems would continue with the original Japanese printer. The camera's work is terribly awesome - just like the txinpantzek (smart fireplaces but still butterflies). Often, a lot of fast martial arts action is lacking because the camera is so slow or because the heads of the actor are cutting edge because of the quality of production. And, again, the camera enters and as a new toy adds like a new toy, the edition is beyond the misfortune - the cuts are made inevitable and confusing. <br /> <br /> I do not know "I do not know whether the music score was original or not - but it was also very bad. The acid rock of the 1970s was very badly mixed with the song "Spaghetti Western" by Ennio Morricone - it was annoying, attention and strange. <br /> <br /> Regarding the martial arts, I think it's a good idea that choreography might get a bit better. Ways to fight Chiba instead of great battle scenes, the battle is too short and it loses the camera! So the things that remain is the story ... and maybe this could be the worst part of the movie! Being a movie drug against Sonny Chiba ... Sonny Chiba! And when the movie began, he demanded the destruction of Japanese drug trade. But the mafia (not a single member, Italian, but all Japanese) commits to stop Chiba. And, when a woman commits herself to informing how to destroy drug trafficking when she comes to Chiba, she risk her help and will endanger her life without any condition, even though she does not know what she knows right! Actually, he is trying to protect Chiba later that he sells cocaine, and he continues to try to protect it! That does not make any sense and it seems that shooting in a large part of the movie just did not shoot without scripts - for example, when they entered bars and brothels, and Chiba was drunk. > <br /> So, if it's bad, why is it still worth 3? Well, first of all, there are much more civil arts films (like many of the Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including those who used Kung Fu and their employees with 3-meter-long languages ​​for men with gorillas. fight (now it's bad). Secondly, although it is a very bad action, compared to other Sonny Chiba films, it's not so bad. However, you can do it much better than that big short film. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, if you wonder if Sonny Chiba is the worst movie, it's definitely not! In one of her first films, NEPTUNE MEN INVASION, she is a superhero that targets Chibak Neptune on the planet's head invaders. It is so wrong that the outer space of PLAN 9 and the HITLER'S BRAIN are huge. <br /> <br /> Parents' latest note - Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this is very violent and shared. boobies Do not let those little children look at them, however, who ask. Wait for older martial arts to see the selected movies!
