This is one of the worst I've ever seen in March, and that's something. Chiba de la viva singing, Chiba Viva is heard under the title, you will soon sing yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that Japanese mafia drugs are being carried out and a man stops his mouths, of course, our Sonny Chiba man. Master Karate offers drug services to provide information on drug bosses. A woman progresses and becomes a body guard, but what are her real intentions? Let me take care of you at this time? Shortly thereafter, choreographed issues and a lame story are conflicting or tortured at all times. In the end, Sonny eliminates evil karate abilities, the end of the story. Yes, the woman was also damaged. Congratulations, perhaps, on the funniest movie you've ever seen. <br /> <br /> As I said before, it's the worst movie martial arts I've ever seen. A stunning watch is what's wrong with watching a movie. Some already mentioned the same American infamous movie. Probably the part of the movie is more fun and fun. In my opinion, the 70-year-old karate scene was seen to have been worth the time. Check that Aaron Banks stops dropping his nuts when he drops when the student loses his throat (mishaps). But everything is wrong in this movie. I want to forget the story incredibly incredible, false fake blood, acting, dubbing, cabinets, and let's not forget about the story. Do a man take a whole drug problem in one country? I bet After fighting, it's a lot of fighting. When the people of the 70s considered it to be effective for Karate, Chiba brought some of the absurdities made in this movie to the new level. Let's see if a gun is thrown in the middle, throwing an extreme boy, his teeth appear to be apparent and, of course, pushing a bottle of scene. In fact, it is very difficult to tell when it happens, because it is so badly shot. It was a bit fun when the boy broke his door, composing a fracture. ADOS. When we continue our action, we treat rigid blood vessels, really a fake blood. It is said to be excessive that abuse has been said. The operation did not completely exist in this film. In any case, I do not expect many films in this movie, even if it's a good thing, but it was not and as expected, the duplication is very poor. Was my imagination or dancers thrown with black subculture with a black accent? As expected from the 70's closet, you laugh with some of the tendencies and emotions that are presented with nudity that goes hand in hand with these lines. Likewise, why would the mafia be so evident and there all black and white hats? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were also stupid. The Japanese Pupp club owner is dressed in a suitcase and the other is bored, looks like a hippie fat. The last thing that worried me about the whole movie was the great female whale fisherman's music. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> Generally speaking, the standards of martial arts and the best film is a horrible movie. This does not mean that it's not fun. In a badly-made movie it's hard to not laugh at most of this movie if you have a stomach. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. I would give a completely strangest star, but he laughed. 4 10.
