Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon composed of 15 minutes of 15 minutes appearing on Comedy Central. Washington D.C. It is made in fiction and cartoons, and it is satirical representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and are small characters. <br /> <br /> The small Bush pilot, thanks to this speaker, has been very much bass and esoteric production. His promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. It should be acknowledged that the premise of the show is worthy of merit, although it would be hard to imagine that the show based on the rejection of a single political person will be alive after the end of the term of the authorities, which can not be described as unhappy only, and worse, He has scratched the potential of the show's potential. Lil Bush, "Satire" may be technically classified. use the exact comedy tool to achieve its goals in a special way to collect ordinary (but not particularly original, entertaining or entertaining). The show continues to be a spoken word, however, elsewhere, Bush / Cheney's jokes record Nauseam and put it in a single 30-minute television block. That's why most of the filmmakers presented by writers were cheating clichés, some of them have been in public circulation for six years. For example, by comparing the vice president to Darth Vader, it's been a great time for the first time to hear 300 times the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / night-time talk show. However, it's not funny here. As if that were not enough, it seems as if the writers were the cornerstone of Bush's old and innovative jokes that shaped the axis of the program. When writers dare to write the original joke (it seems strange) it is often humorous. If the show expanded a bit, and the characters in new situations, if they were in exotic situations, would be maintained by the Bush administration as opposed to the old and "walled" flaws; Once again, the show can be sustainable and perhaps innovative. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to know if there's any mistake that Lil Wayne could cause serious damage to the series; Its lack of originality and weak writing quality or its firm firm intentions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush hopes to maintain a small base of left-wingers, that is to say, they are subject to poor writing; While the Bush administration continues to think well. However, most of the audience will soon find out what the program really is, a weak and nonsensical vulgar essay satire, and tune it away for something intellectually stimulating; The price may be appropriate.
