I would like to have a better Carnosaur film, because the sequel seems better. I like Carnosaur 2 than 1. Did I think this is newer and will it be better? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was very confused with the question. Rick Dean returned to the character of another character and Michael MacDonald as a policeman. Now, Rick dean lol, it seemed to me that Carnosaur's 2 role was pretty good and he was not really upset, now he was set up as a 3-year-old soldier in Carnosaur. Now we're getting mournful here. The movie really started with a fierce gun battle and fleeing from small freezers, but as Scott Valentines showed us, we had a mix of romantic comedy with backward dinosaurs and floppy disks. br /> <br /> First of all, I start with the wild animals, they were dragged on the ground by the queues, and they seemed to be common to a dinosaur from 50 to 60 years old. mph. When they were running, they moved forward and forward and their heads were not moved. There were floppy hands on the place and the filmmakers were very badly shot, they seemed stupid and appalling. <br /> <br /> T-rex was very pathetic, it would be better if one of the previous 2 films. It seemed at least terrifying to him. This movie seems to be smiling constantly. The legs were ridiculous on foot, such as the rigid legs of the john wayne on the west. Another thing I noticed was that my hands were not moving, next to the body that was stuck, so I looked at it and called it (the effects of the gods were horrible) delayed! Now that I was the director and realized that I had to work, I might perhaps have tried to emphasize a bit more falsity. As in the rest of the film, this is the slowest and most militant group I have ever seen. The weapons used would not make sense for this scenario. Although they had a wheel-drive scene in the army slot, I thought that this stupidity I thought was happening in that scene, because the Dinos would come in and they would bring some damage. The director lost about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to see this movie as a drawing of the dinosaur movie. In the backslash, you have delayed the delayed dinosaurs and see 83 wonderful moments when you see this day. <br /> <br /> Now I do not say I did not see it, I really recommend that everyone see this movie that needs 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It seems that I think I am likely, but I'm really changing this movie. It's really fun to watch, while you think about it, while you're thinking, "Did the manager really do that?"
