I really do not see the movie's surplus really. It's not enough to be hilarious. There is no naked or naked nudity (although there are many options). There's no gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the movie. In fact, the scene of tourists is much more popular with a party and tribe music. The last time it was a lot of fun was: you see the locals in Congas and 'Jembés' Blows, which is what you hear in the soundtrack (poorly synchronized). But this funky bass line added to the soundtrack. So where was the bassist? Sometimes locals get angry and tourists have started to die. Why suddenly? Because the evil white man is building this tourist complex, he supposes, because of their myth, the anger of the goddess of the river fisherman (I have really missed his explanation). But the locals helped build a tourist complex for several months, so why sudden dizziness? And how in hell helicopters pushed water? Everything is nonsense and insignificant. This movie also has the smallest African American model ever seen. <br /> <br /> At that moment our heroic couples cave visits this cave. The only point in that scene is that the "shocking" discovery is that the deadly crocodile is a crocodile. Crocodile or crocodile, what's the difference? It's great, it's made of plastic and it eats people. However, for me. The landlord is compelling. It is very hard and mobile and it does not swim with rumors. Even the eyes are not moving when they approach. In 1979, they did not recognize 'animatronics' in Italy. There are also many cut-offs between local fauna. I suspect it's footage. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first time was pretty penetrating and the only reason I could not shut the movie was because my cat was sleeping on my back and I did not want to "wake up sweet. But the last half hour of the movie improved better In the end, we will see some of the alligators, their scintillating teeth swallowing their teeth and swim through a doll with a mandala, the most entertaining (and at the same time fun) stage when Alice and Daniel fall on a van on a bridge, like a vans box We're looking at a version, funny, but well shot, because there are other nice mobile cameras, it's amazing for these types of movies, I'd like to talk about some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to completely ruin it, if you decide to watch this movie. The advice is to stay away. If you want to see a decent movie, see Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. Aitort I was, it is not an Italian and it is not rotten by JAWS, but it is definitely fun. And if you are interested in other films by Sergio Martino, I would like to recommend 2019 a very entertaining: LETTER OF NEW YORKE. That's where there's already post-apocalyptic-future misfortune of all possible movies. "Italians" and "departures", two very well-known words.
