The right to defense of competition is included in the categories of films that continue to be revealed, but it is still flat. I do not hate the movie, but we lose key elements, such as suspense. A new computer-related film has been produced, such as Hackers and The Net. All are short. The endless network and Antirust seems almost similar. The perception of the end of the film is a major mistake: PC business people take over the general public's minds with over-thought, waiting for the latest news on computers and software. I've worked in a lot of companies and industries, and it seems that everyone has a broad view of the importance of themselves, just like this one. Milo, the allergy of sesame seeds is deadly, and it almost completely eats the stupidity of a restaurant's boat. His 'girlfriend' only prevented him from death. That's why, as Milo's survivor can do, he asks Mac Big Buns and Sesame Seed breadsticks, because they cover themselves well ... Sesame Seed breadsticks and Big Mac Buns. <br /> <br /> It is not much suspicious for the defense of competition. The patterns and planned lines are easily revealed before they are revealed (come, someone was fascinated when Yee Jee Tso died?), So, he destroyed the true excitement. And here again we have another movie / story where to end, bad guys are good guys behind to get 'drive'. For more than 20 years, we have been carrying out a moratorium on this simple line of Simon. However, I clicked. Perhaps the end will be gain, but not. The company's security leader, which is absolutely ridiculous, the other bad guy, has turned around and Milo has been a great boy with the superb manager of the U.R.V. Director, Gary Winston. And, of course, the arrest of Gary Winston is covered by Hinckley or Oswald. Gary Winston, with Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cave that Robbins played at Arlington Road. However, Antitrust is well suited, that is, "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this movie may be exiled, only shown in your place. UHF channel third rate
