I published a few months before, I saw the trailer of this movie, and MAN seemed horrifying, especially when this film was based on a real life phenomenon. I was very interested and I thought that eventually it could be a horror thriller / movie, a few years later. Well, you know the movie trailers look like they look better than a movie: showing all the amazing parts or drawing more than just some items. I made both ads for the movies, I made the final disappointment. <br /> <br /> In no way is it "the worst movie year in the past". Hell, definitely, the release of that week was a disturbing movie. This movie takes a far too "full act". <br /> <br /> This movie is not empty. I must admit that my interest remained and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man who sought supernatural responses. On the other hand, this movie is a great cliché. After murdering John's wife, he sends the voices of the dead to everyday electronic gadgets. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My god It is not his wife just to get him. Gee, imagine it. A movie about the help of the dead. Come, give me a break! Klixeak is not there. In addition, there are three evil spirits and mandatory clocks that threaten our heroine. There was no movie only, there was NO FIFTEEN. The movie literally had two outlets and two scenes were almost identical. The end is horrible because it leaves the door open for a sequel. In the end there is also a message that ends with a message, a message that threatens EVP's voices heard by some voices, playing with a happy melody. Mood swing, you. Jeez! In the end, if you forget a horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason to think of watching this movie is that Keaton is a fan or interested in EVP. Surely, EVP's appearances may be quite interesting, but I do not like throwing down my throat concepts and turning my face on my face. This film tries to be terrifying, original and disturbing, but the opposite is true. You know that you have a lame movie when you're using ghosts to talk about these movies. "I MAKE MORE FILM I WILL SEE".
