John Rivers's architecture and family man has taken a bad life because his wife disappeared and died after a terrible accident in the car tire. During the lost days, a man who is still facing him and his wife was killed by another, E.V.P - Voice Phenomenon. Of course, he does not believe it, but then he hears the phone with extravagant phones and therefore receives more information about E.V.P. Soon, John is bound, but something supernatural does not like the dead, if he is now in contact with his wife, he announces that white noise is predicted by the incident. She is a little bit sitting on my shelf, and I thought I'd better see her because I was not my copy. But I do not think again that the owners were in a hurry to get it, because they did not question them. Okay So I decided to give it a play, as I was in sharp humor. After hearing and reading the bad press, I did not expect anything distantly good, but I was amused for 90 minutes. Well, about 60 minutes, the last half half was a mess. The movie has not been as good as anywhere, but it's been fast enough, even though it's a supernatural thriller. I thought that all the waste was not. In the first hour, I found some effective sequences quite interesting, and there was a steady progress in sharp silence and sharp tragedy, but unfortunately later it was paralyzed. These jump scares that can be predicted entertain themselves and, in some way, just fit in context. Hectic, loud and very confusing becomes its MTV style editing and kinetic camera work to close this action. I could not understand what was happening inside the violent and violent clips. With regard to the general picture, the whole description is pure hokey. The conclusion is very rusty because there is something great, but it hits the bottom. I thought that they had done a great job so far with the lighting and the camera. Others also had a bright, atmospheric darkness. Everything is very bright with its bright and elegant hardware, which is very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in technical components, not extending the characters and the story. There is no permanent connection and feeling in this dark material. After a while, he tries to persuade himself to fall into manipulative sensibility and to many things that are out of layer bloodstream. It was quite repetitive after seeing a fuzzy TV screen. E.V.P machine was the show. Well, it had a greater impact on the movement. Michael Keaton is more than an actor, but his map has disappeared lately and here John Rivers offers a modestly obsessed performance. However, it really deserves it. The others are pretty fragile and forgetful. Not for the performances, but the depth of the characters is lacking. This clunker is not bad at the beginning, but the shape of the pearl goes completely down. <br /> <br /> I would not see it again and I would not recommend it to anyone, if you did not get interested in the topic and enjoy it in Hollywood's horror thrillers. He is so embarrassed that this film produced can not be well-established, because he had promised ideas and hand-made castings. I did not hate, but what a despair.
