Howling II wants to continue with a strange and surreal narrative of Christopher Lee, which imposes an image on the surface of the floating star, and the skeleton is also due to some reason. He says: "It is written by the inhabitants of the Earth with their blood, and I saw the sperm on a hairy beast, and offered a golden challenger with a full part of the supply, and it was written on his forehead, a magnificent Mother with an unjustifiable word, I could not see how many times I was thrown I re-taped and tried, apologized and all the abominations of the Earth. " This inaugural narration does not mean anything and it is incredibly curious. After the initial credits of the plans of architecture in Transylvania, we get a title on screen, 'Los Angeles, California U.S.A. City of the Angels. I knew I was getting 86 minutes long. It's probably not too long after Howling (1981) and Karen White's funeral events. Karen's brother Ben (Reb Brown), Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), a "hidden investigator," says that after Karen's wolf is a man, he'll live again. Ben rejects nonsense. But he visits Kenny's friends and colleagues (Jenny Annie McEnroe) at Stefan's home. Here he tells you about Stefan Werewolves and how to die, Stirba (Sybil Danning) who is the queen Werewolve. Stefan also comes up with a funeral photo of a woman named Marien (Marta A. Hunt) and Kerek's wand man is very dangerous and dangerous. According to Stefan, the title is strongly encouraged by any Werewoves, Ben claims that Stefan means Karen, so he travels to a cemetery to stop Stefan from crying in his sister's house. However many Werewolves appeared and attacked Stefan, Ben and Jenny. The attack survives and Stirba is in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and take over the curse of the ancient century before Stirba and his Werewolve take Earth to Earth. There, they go to a small village called Vlkava, where they say "they live in wolves", and their local priests meet, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and a small but faithful loyal group of local men. Oh, and it also helps a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova). They will continue to Marian and hope they will take them to Stirbara. But he knows Stirba Stefan's arrival and Ben and Jenny have plans. Stefan will be able to finish Stefan's plans to overcome the world? Is this film a survivor or surrealist? Check and find out. Under the direction of Philippe Mora, it is a curious mix of a movie. It has been badly edited that they just run away from some sequences. The biggest problem is by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, which is based on all his novel and does not make any sense, or we present to the appropriate people we like. Fortunately, it's like a rocket and it's never sad or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or funny happens to keep the audience entertained. Most people will probably hate it, but those who enjoy bad movies are the best of them. She's just watching women's stained eyes. We kill a beautiful man with weapons. The sets and locations seem out of this place and I do not know if Transylvania really shot it, but it did not look like in the mid-80s, I thought of Transylvania. The castle Stirba is part of the dungeon, Gothic castle and modern luxury house. The outfit of Stirba and his servant is far above. Stirba has dressed in an S / M video and looks pretty good for her and her servants wear leather clothes too. Special makeup effects are good and poor, nano eyes explode, someone rips his hand and a priest goes out in his mouth, but this is not a full-blown movie, though it has a lot of effects. Sequences with men's transformations and attacks. There are a lot of heads, even men of Stirva and his slaves who are equally wounded! I would also like to mention music, the soundtrack dominated me with rock music and I hated it and eventually dropped the volume. The rhythm is very weak and what did the Earth think of Christopher Lee when he accepted this film! He asks what he thinks. In essence, the whole thing is a real confusion, but I found a very fun mess. It's impossible to recommend it, but it kept me looking at the end. During the conference, when the latest credits cut off the footage and footage, the Sybil Danning shot itself removes her dress and reveals more than 20 times her breasts. That's your thing.
