Here I have to add a comment disagreement. I've read several reviews for the movie with Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-Hsien's favorite. This is one of the flotilla with wonderful boats that have tossed in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. The attempt to emulate these masterpieces is similar to a graduate film school. All the pieces are: the beautiful background, the minimalist invalid dialogue, the slowly slow camera, and the wearing of men, above all, they spend a reasonable amount of time sitting around being a watchdog. It's good, but unfortunately there's nothing. The conversation is leaden. Acting is not usually lifted by this kind of character; Married wives and small siblings are particularly poor and involved. Unfortunately, the performance of the stupid character, combined with a classic plot of "Chekovian" (which is very predictable), is the most boring and painful. I can not see the scene of the "Blue Danube" river, for example, following the parody of the genre (although on the river "spring" I smoked the sky with a bit of black humor ...) Mark Li Ping, a film based on photos. While the setting is stylish, while the shaking camera tries to repeat the thoughts of "Flowers of Shanghai", the movie is not visible in the same league. In fact, I have to admit that after filming of film or theater after an hour, I suddenly remembered that I had the opportunity to meet with my friend for dinner and let me stop (and I can not remember it). I remember the last movie I came up with. I guess that the end has left a positive effect, but I do not care. If you want to see something similar to true talent, I would recommend anything from the two mentioned directors, for example, "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both shot. With talented Mr. Ping (first with Chris Doyle) and both these are enough masterpieces, which inspire mere emulation such as Mr. Hoberman does not often smoke me, and maybe you want to hear it but do not say it was not. Craig. < br /> <br /> <br />
