At that time, the "Brigadoon" entertainment package is very promising. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the band "An American in Paris", come together with great craftsmen and women behind the previous collaboration. Gene's CEO, Cyd Charisse, is one of the best dancers in the 40s and 50s and, in general, "Unless it's a very gentle weather", this film gave them two dance dances. Lerner and Loewe were the future successes of "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's "Gigi" music masterpiece. Lerner and Minnelli have already collaborated with the brilliant "Parisian American" of Paris, cooperative fruit juices. <br /> <br /> What happened on the way? Why is the movie the same stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make the movie, despite his past artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps the original conservatism of the movie was two more steps for MGM and one step was Vincente Minnelli. After being trapped in the role of the city of Brigadoon, trapped within the city's boundaries, Minnelli sought to become a diversionary way of diverting himself from diverting himself. The final result is really awful. <br /> <br /> Prior to Minnelli to get a simple charm, "Cabin in the sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", the costumes of the population. Brigadoon has no place to create an unbelievable nostalgia. His whim is not in line with the "Yolanda and the Robber" or the "pirate", for this exotic fantasy set in the mountains, and for real human emotions. At least, Brigadoon is a shaky man who tries to escape, and Van Johnson is a shaky man who strives to break unexpectedly. The general procedures carried out in the municipality of Brigadoon are very rare and provincial, although they are attributed to the decline of Christianity: their aspect seems positively pagan. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon, the "good" honors of the village and the "good" shepherd sacrificed his place in the supposedly blessed refugee sacrifice. <br /> <br /> At one point we make sure we have "all of us". Looking for his Brigadoon. "We are reminded of my suspicions at the box office for many of us, because many of us do not really look for this type of paradise: the premise is ridiculous and almost overdone, but the players can be the best, but Kelly himself is the one who is most proud of this movie, and Chariss is very much Lucky Bremer's "Yolanda and Robbery" is a misunderstood as an optimist. Van Johnson performs the best version of Kelly's classic Oscar Levant (although he has 3 cigars with Levant like "AIP" in Levante) and a fun moment It's a lot to say, but it's something to say, that the best part of a great budget with MGM's best talents is the performance of Van Johnson.
