I'm not often forced to give a negative criticism of a movie; I often feel at ease, "If you do not say anything you can not say anything," they would be good advice for those who hear everyday things that we like everyday. Although readers are alike, I should point out that except for the role of Christopher Walken Gabriel, with only one exception, this film is pathetically HORRID. I tell you that if you were a fan of Walken's delivery and style, or would you like to be a good "Prophecy", it would be very inadequate. If you have bought, come back. If you rent, make sure only ninety nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? It would be too long to read the whole list and it would tear the tears, but a short summary would be the clear picture of the relationship between angels and human beings in the first film. Gabriel God has his right hand right back (and in the first place WICKEDLY is fun in the sky). As Walken points out, (Frank New York remembers King of New York), it's still nice, but youngsters and angels are a confused mess that can not buy 50 traces. cents. If you can imagine a prudent land for me, we can scroll through scenes and scenes to move the movie to the next big line in Walken. At the end of the movie, you really want to throw their horns out and the walls of Jericho can fall into people who have made this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is the insult that our minds made the first episode of this film. He said the original story was correct, responding to the questions that were answered, and then only to reflect on what you should have left. There are no credible reasons for fulfilling these first characters: the priest who lost faith, kept the girl "secret", the teacher who supported her children - although Lucifer himself was even more interesting. together with all the other characters created together before the movie. I'm sorry for anyone who sees this movie, and not the first, because they probably do not want to see the original and that's really a tragedy.
