Everyone knows that Gregory's original "The Prophecy" is not a sequel, but you do not need rocket scientists to be hanging over your fireplace in this profitable horror concept to avoid other entries. The second part is a very prototype example of a live video, the original creative and confusing plot is much simplified for more action, more single liners and much more mysterious religious landscapes. The good news is that the producers managed to keep Gabriel's role with Gabriel Walken and gave them another brilliant performance and justify the price of rent right away. For Walke's interpretation (and perhaps two of the supportive works like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would probably be forgotten after releasing it. The film Gabriel literally starts out when he is out of hell, continuing to keep the sky in heaven on Earth. This time his fight is aimed at the birth of the baby nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). Because you see, the birth of the child is the first hybrid of the angel of heaven and the "monkey" of the earth, and the birth of a creature would lead to the fall of Gabriel's Gabriel. Thus, as in the first film, a suicide committed to suicide, and the young woman of Valerie will lead her to Eden, to reveal her last. "Prophecy II" is a permanent and sometimes entertaining film, while you do not compare it with the original, unless you exceed plots and tracking errors. Every time the language is boring, the creators enter into a glittering moment of Christopher Walken to distract himself at once. In collaboration with the Izzy rebel, and especially ignorant about modern earthly technologies, it often creates sequences worthy and memorable. Somewhat a matter on the subject, does the "Prophecy II" ambition look similar to "Terminator II"? The resurrection of Gabriel was a rumor of a futuristic zinc and the location of Eden, where the last battle takes place, the term "Terminator II" is also very similar to the steel factory. I guess casuality? In general, this is a lesser and better set, but it is still worthy of Christopher Walken's charisma (and who is not) a fan of Christopher Walken.
