MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of his strangest films to establish immediately in the historical film. Film praise completely does not exist, even for those who do it. This movie was angry from the first day. In a period we will find a fascinant feminist who praises the film in the background (courage to face aggressive feminism or the problem of transgenderism); The film has not developed a cult following some of these. It's not a misunderstanding as a SCARFACE masterpiece, or it's such a funky mix as a classic SHOWGIRLS camp. <br /> <br /> Certainly, the reason is that the movie, which is terribly terrifying, is not lovable, or even more enjoyable. It's just MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. As a Hollywood satire, it is cold and medium, but in a vacuum fashion. MYRA believes the Hollywood town is corrupted, but it goes far further to attack beloved icons such as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. It seems that the Hollywood movie is all fake. It seems that there is something brave about the sacred cow's head, but first of all it seems to have no cause for failure. The film is also a barren American and anti-anti-life style, but anti-anti-anti-anti-similar, but superfluous, at the end of the 1960s, fashionable. Like CASINO ROYALE; Ski-doo; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and others for hip epic, MYRA hippy-dippy is a medium-sized adult culture. She wants to embrace the same attitude that reduces her. But, apart from refusing to be self-satisfied, MYRA does not try to hide his contempt for self. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a humorous bully; There is no single moment of innocence. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine has described it well as "a fun as a child molester", but it's not so good. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West has suffered a lot of criticism in West. The movie is described as being like a new pedestrian, from the queen of aging. The octagonal star, of course, did not know how ridiculous he was to watch a talented agent playing his grandchildren or his grandmother, who were just bored by the young. But the director Michael Sarne had to know, but he still used it. Why? He was a joke apparently. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and the likes of veteran actors in the movie, movies are only for use in the age-old image and trash bin. Auto-parody is fiery, such as Rex Reed, proud, fey critics, that movie is just thrown away. But the real Reed, celebrity hound, jet setting, talk show hysteria, can be charming in a fun way to obnox; But Myron, as Myra's situation, is disgraceful. Again in regards to Sarne, Reed jokes. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you are not an actor, you see the victims. It's not just Raquel Welch. Nobody will accuse the actor of the best actress, but rather the appeal of this film has survived and continues its journey. Nearing almost every scene, he faced the abuse of the face of Welch, and he was in the middle, but, in his opinion, he pronounced a remarkable nuance. Although, of course, centered on Huston and almost the western landscape of the cataton, Welche does not have much to do with a good balance. However, his interview is immensely inadequate, with a silent smile, a glee sincere gong who would be proud of a James Bond. According to legend, Welch has taken away the condemnation of the West and told Sarne to repeat verbal abuse of aggression. fresh and full performance. <br /> <br /> The only interesting feature of the movie is to know what the film's agenda is. The whole story is fantasy fable, that is to say, it should indicate a morale, but this can be guessed by someone. "The traces of the last trace of the last traditional trajectory", it is advisable to have a feminist focus. In feminist mode, Myra is a monster figure as a predatory sex. Also, Myra is not a woman, but Myron is an illusion, she is alleged to be a gay man. This may explain the male rape scene, and Rusty's correct and correct look at the love / hatred of that character is not correct, but she does not explain her obsession with allegedly lesbian Farrah Fawcett with Mary Ann. The films are obsessed with sex, but it is hardly blamed for the sexual revolution; All sex is at least evil and degradable, if not dirty, it is treated. Gore Vidal's return to the original novel is not helpful, because it is as confusing and useless as the movie. <br /> <br /> And this odd movie hate seems really strange. Not just movies as a business, but movies are also part of the culture. The film itself is an arcane reference to the ancient wall of the wall, that is, it approaches Sarne's director and screenwriter with a sharp disdain. He captured at the 20th Century-Fox film gang and filmed old movies, not as a tribute or a social comment, but to observe the innocence of the ancient Hollywood. How can an artist make an artwork if he or she hates the medium that is already working? It is a very self-defeating effort. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be infamous. Hollywood hates America, hates America, hates sex, hates gay and straight, and has women and men, elderly and young people, and Laurel and Hardy, and well, you name it and it surely scorns the scene. In a very dull and sad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk punk manifest to celebrate pop cultural nihilism.
