I bought 10 local 4 Suncoast DVDs with my local Suncoast, including three other horror books (that is, the "Witchcraft XI" episode). So basically I paid $ 2.50 rock bottom for this movie if you math. I can not say exactly the extraction. I have a horror movie trashy, but this is a type of junk that gives bad trash. The budget can not exceed $ 1,000 (including $ 1,50 in total). I know it's a low-budget movie, but that's not an excuse for an unexcused camera. Although the movie "Blood Cult" was not very well, it made a very small budget and still had a pretty good camera and performance. Acting in this movie is an "unstoppable" definition, especially with the muscle accent of Texas. Everyone reads pretty much the page from the page. You can move it figuratively or literally. I would not be amazed that the script was a while without a camera. I said before, I have never seen an English actor. This movie is pretty bad. Although English films are not always good, it seems that there is always a degree of sophistication, and that's why I do not know why English and English would give them a home video style schlock movie volunteer. in this. Did he ask merchants for a questionnaire? Usually, I think people are hard to find among directors and actors. Some of the worst Hollywood movies have some degree of professionalism in management, theater and theater. When you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can not say that a third-party student looks like this scene (though a third-person student can write the script). I have watched home movies that have been filmed "Witches X", and that's not a bit of a nuisance. Although it is a small gore, they only had the money to buy a fake blood in the Party City. It's not a single effort to make this movie: let's just like that. You get an image There is a lot of nudity, but that is not saved. However, I must say that the little girl with a red-orange hair, who wears a naked or cloth-like full length film, is very hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (10)
