But "Cinderella" gets my votes, not just for Disney's bad movie princess, but for the worst movie company Walt's life. Music is really nice and the story is called "classical". The characters that fail in this movie are, in particular, the title characters, only called the "far away" meaning of the term "heroin". <br /> <br /> After a short preamble, the audience goes to Cinderella. . He awakens in the morning and says "A Dream is A wish your Heart Makes." This consolidates it as its ideality (and thus deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not think about what he's dreaming about. To release the role of his servant? Respect for his step family? Does anyone need to talk about mice and birds? In a single song (cut out by filmmakers, but presented in the final section of the final DVD) Cinderella connects with her desire to make her many people more efficient. You will go to the girlfriend! In summary, Crayfish is very gentle. He passively approves the passive family abuse for his escape from dreams. As he says, once he remembers his mother's street, he is a member of the family. For this, he allows a ball to do homework and finds something to wear, all clearly absurd is a sign of gesture, of course, except Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine like that? If crayfish is sad, it's a bit like a male for her. The Prince of Cinderella is not a dialog and has almost no screen time. Nobody has any indication that it is a good man, if Cinderella or whatever respects it. We all know 1) because of a prince 2) he is dancing well. Fish, the Prince of "Snow White" was also able to sing at least one romantic song. This lack of development is not just an interesting romance, as Cinderella seems to be a social climber or foolish, because it already diminishes the appealing appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the main character was sad how sad it was. The animator gave an excessive screen time for comic relief films, Cinderella friends, mice. We give these characters fun. However, when the main relief of comics stole the show, let's say that your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey proclaims all the master's qualities of "masterpieces". Although there are many of them, there are some who do not deserve this call. Cinderella is an excellent example.
