Steven Vasquez directed and wrote the protagonist of James Townsend, this strange little horror movie that gave rise to ideas and good intentions: to make a gay movie that tells a story other than the usual rate and a drama that he wants. Judge her merit thriller. Why does it work? The film for beginners loses the direction of the initial frame and is unwanted throughout the film, hoping to make a suspense thriller, but has decided to satisfy audiences that want to see naked events. It's not that bad: it can improve some Hollywood-winning films. The film tries to talk about relationships between young men and women, relationships, disturbed parents, and experiences about wildfires that are associated with these events. It's up to a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Previously, Devon (James Townsend) is a successful girl, with a nice girlfriend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but with an eye. The boy who visits a bar known as Brian (Alex Wilson), has gone down the same path and can offer Devon support at all levels. They connect, Devon goes out and the mysteries begin: the boys are missing from the neighborhood, Devonen's internship psychologist, Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett), is not at all what he seems to be and Devon's mother-in-law (Sonja Fisher) Devon. He's thrown into the streets for his new relationship. It appears that Dr. Tyler is in a dark business with Cunningham (Earl McDougle) detectives, who are apparently missing boys ... Devon brings his resources together with Jenna and her friends to understand their friends and team together with Dr. Tyler and his detective actor. And through this, Donna emits warmth and understanding as a mother of a gay boy, and so on. <br /> <br /> Some actors have a pleasing eye (and there is very little eye that does not frequently test!) but the level of acting is low. The only thing that puts us forgiveness (and in some cases forgiveness is inadequate), is the feeling of the commitment of all the people involved. Yes, it's a low-budget movie, and the director needs time to learn his business. But in the end, it is something people can say to a gay film to be taken to another level. Maybe it will soften the next. Grady Harpa
