... and not in a good way. BASEketball is in a vacant way. It's offensive to all senses. This does not have to worry about, I've seen a lot of bad movies, I'll see the movies really bad and I'll see them again. BASEketball, however, is a fake movie that is about ninety minutes away. BASEketball is the reason for me to be in a movie that was not written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone. David Zucker's respect has been exhausting for some time. His films in recent films are apparently lazy and apparent, and the boys of the previous extreme found boys jokingly. "Airplane" was a revolutionary comedy and it was very entertaining, you would be amazed to look at BASEketball as it was made by the same people. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the most entertaining comedy for today's entertainment. Their photos and South Park episodes are very important because they are fun. In joking, all the templates also have the intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that mature approach to immaturity is mature. I think BASEketball was more experienced for them due to the fact that they hate the movie for good reasons. Stupid illnesses not without or without class. Parker and Stone are fundamentally disturbed. The film plays like Family Guy's 90-minute play. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been actors. They have been useful in their films. I can not find a way to describe BASEketball's performance, as it seems to be exploiting a spoofing movie of a fake movie. Each line must be gestured. It is like trying to disseminate the worst kind of images, yet they are done the same way. Cartman reminds me of the event that is called "How to Eat with your Butt with Eat", where the raw comedy that is sitting in a Cartman cinema hall, or credibility, uses the same voice as Parker and Stone used on that scene. full picture It's really sad. <br /> <br /> However, it is not my problem with BASEketball. The main rejection of the image is that I'm sitting here, following Parker and Stone being aware of this script. I know they've taken bad stuff and they've been rewritten to see it. No Zucker leaves any scenes in vain. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think that Parker could write it by Zuckers, especially if he could do more about them. We got more humor. You do not have to rent BASEketball by watching a group of students who can laugh at the same laughter
