I gave him five pounds of mercy. My intention is not to burst anybody's bubble, as I have done with other comments, I often appreciate this movie. Well, it's not worthwhile to exclaim, and this is because I have seen Basilisk's original animation, and this film shames him. Maybe if you only see Shinobi, you'd like it. It's a pleasure based on choreographed battles, based on fantasy martial arts, and I agree that its beauty is deeper. But the story is similar to the original. I now understand that when an anime / manga transforms into a movie, some changes must be made. I expected to see some unusual characters that were not anime, though they were well-known roles, some really deep and well-designed. But definitely, I did not expect to see a lot of changes and errors, because it ruined the whole story. Dating boys and girls with dramatic and unethical faculties may perhaps turn people into something they love more. For example, Oboro, anime, is an innocent young girl, with Gennosuke completely and completely in love, the film becomes a leader clan vengeful. I like the woman to become strong and I like the limitations imposed at that time (we're talking about Japan, seventeenth century), but their mood changes are incredible and misunderstood. Hotarubi, this is one of my favorite characters in my film, but that's not what she's known as childhood and sensitive, she becomes a love little girl who is not a fan of anime, but she is more or less. plot I can continue, as Tez, the worst and most dangerous character of the anime, very weak and non-attractive, or how Gennosuke seems to lose the main character and confuse it again, WEAK. It's a beautiful music and it's amazing, as I expected from a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it. But do not miss out on seeing and enjoying Basilisk because it's just hope. Although Basilisk, based on fantasy, horror elements and, to a large extent, is superb and has so much depth in his characters, storyline, historical value and, perhaps, I am heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe that he would continue to be the highest point. Unfortunately, I'm sorry to judge the films so hard, but I advise you against it. Please see anime, or, at least, watch the movie first and then fix it, Basilisk is actually watching what the anime is about. Otherwise, you will have a kidnapping when you realize that he was killed.
