There are many films that set the date of publication to allow them to be extracted, due to a certain lack of legality, and then put on lemons for a long time. You only want a rotten "Slackers" movie that is left over in the komma, that is, lowercase. The release dates were constantly changing, it really deserved to get a really great movie about the radar. The prize is based on Ethan, an obsessive obsession with Angela university bombings. Ethan encouraged David and his friends to continue studying Angela. I do not like spoilers, but I can make an exception to such a disaster. Angela falls for David, Ethan will shake him deliberately, earn good. This is where tired of the secondary reconstruction of the original genre of adolescents. Fun raw humor has always come back to the days of immortal classic "Animal House", such as "Something About Something About Mary" and "Road Trip". mentioned As a landing point, you can only get up to now, of course, Ethan's Angela doll has her hair one-on-one, with whom the god knows what she knows. Nobody wants to witness the witness, Ethan, in the shower, wondering at himself. No one wants to see a young man "Come around the mountain," with a sock with a sock. But there is nothing to complete visual acuity to see the sight of Mamie Van Dono's 50's. I do not know whether the story lacks coherence or not, which completely cuts sensational scenes. The director Dewey Nicks was a fashion photographer and, after reviewing this movie, you just want to go back to work. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make fun as you like, because they take away your goals, just like "Slackers", you'll be buried under the plot. jewelry, and lack of construction. As a group of the university was drunk, they took a camera and shot a random dagger and gathered together. If you want to see a really good teenage comedy, I'm suggesting "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", it's something entertaining, and a bad thing like "Slackers." Casually, Cameron Diaz makes this film a short film, just like the other bad films called "The Sweetest Thing", where this story treats humor as a plot, instead of a disaster like ... Slackers "in your local video store, just Without it, continue walking, and it's worth it as it ends up at the end of the shelf.
