I usually do not write comments too much, but I feel this time. I liked it in a new review, according to what I like, but in regards to this film, you like it, it means it's a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. . I loved the unknown B & W movie "The Island of the Dead". "Scream" and "Scary Movie" liked me because they liked these movies, if they do not have a lot, something good about them. I estimate 99.9% of the films I have watched because they tell a story I have not heard, and most directors only make a short film with a good story. During this movie "Where are you going?" (even near the end) "Where did the actors come from?" "Was it a joke?" and the like. I was skeptical of the false gesture, but I was hoping that the movie "made" and proved that I had not lost time. Unfortunately I was wrong. The initial story was bad and it shone brightly in the hope that the rotation really waited. Here's the sentence: Storyline ?? It's like the first movie, well, that is, slow and in-depth contact with people or characters or situations. The situations are very expensive and skinny and totally boring and predictable. It was totally awful, I was not feeling anything like excitement or WOW. Just "My God." She looked back and could not "have been so passionate as Oooo was not there", there was no part of the movie. At the end of the "Fight Club" flashbacks are the true identity of Tyler that shows the cryptically displayed bit, and when you saw it again you saw more, it really was a genius, how it was written, set, and directed. This was not a senseless attempt. I think that "wild things" was like a poor little tour and I still like the movie because the rest was good and it was not hard for me to have a great turn. The writer CI2 thought it would be better than ever. But really, it's just a bad story with a bad dump of the end. The film ended almost immediately, when the entire story of Sebastián was not empty, it was absolutely impossible and half scary, it ended with a paedophile. Conference The actors in this movie are awesome. Almost the havoc is "Sunset Beach". - Very polite and badly accomplished. Not so bad is good as "Hunk". I thought the worst actress Amy Adams was playing with Kathryn, her behavior was rigid, pathetic, and poorly thought out. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not yet seen "American Psycho II," but it has undoubtedly destroyed the movie "cool" backwards. <br /> <br /> I can not say it's a good movie for teens. unlike If my daughter or daughter were to like this movie, I would be ashamed. But, anyway, they would not want to, because this film does not take into account all the things that make up a good movie. Really Some people say, "you may not be with the age of this movie and you do not like it," I like the movie I like now as a teenager and have good taste. Also, do you really think you're 20 years old when you do not suddenly like childhood stories? No, "Mean Girls" and other teen movie genres really liked it and I've watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. I'm afraid I'm afraid of leadership, acting, and scant guitars. Also, when I first saw 16/17. In any case, being older makes a great trial of a terrific film. I can not believe anyone can give 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it to 9, I know it's better. It's a pity for people who do this, who is less than 10 years old, or does not get the movie / show, so give it a message. <br /> <br /> Anyone who likes this movie should change their likeness, perhaps life, and realize that EVER is the worst film ever. (The worst thing in Loch Ness) <br /> <br /> If you do not like a teenager you like or just do not like bad taste, you'll hate this movie.
