This holy circus was wrong. I saw it as a joke. It's not so bad at all as unintentionally. This movie was designed to be angry personal. He worked very well to do that. This was the one that made all the annoying things about PRIEST movies, which they added in a bunch of ugly dudes, something interesting, funny or remotely sexy and clear, and then added. old cheese rotten That's all. Cheesecake There is no single person capable of connecting this movie. There is no universe to do this film. Why can not such a movie enjoy life and be happy? Why did they already be stupid already already stupid than that idea already? Why they could not at least try to make a good movie or a B-movie. When I think about it, what happened to this movie? I saw a love story, and instead I found a frivolous boring project to find the strength and courage against a boy. No, I do not play. That's it. Is sound good? This film is quite unknown to people of Christian religion, because all Christians have stereotyped it, as sadly as possible by the rude and helpless people. I know many Christians would never talk or play. The movie, however, is not bad at all and ignorant of the gay community. These ROADKILL must be the most gay stereotypical gay guy of the video game. It's a nerve wicked and it's simply absurd that I'm not able to fully focus on that movie. The leaders of this wreck did not set strategies in design layouts, dramatisations, camera angles, lighting, scripts, authenticity or an idea of ​​fun or interesting. There is not a single, or at least credible, sex scene. Jamie Brett Gabel was considered a fan of the cinema, but he looked good-looking. This is trash. In a perfect world, the film was voted 0.0. It's only 0 movie. He is mentally handicapped, blind, deaf, and arms and legs with tiny bones and his face is on his face and can write, correct and produce a better film, and probably actress. This film is a crime against the existence of the word "film". This is a very bad movie, that other films may be shaky in the same format as can be seen. I put on the grill seat and recorded it with a camera and stopped the movie and then I replaced it with a x-mini tree and I will record it and I will never do a better movie than BEN. & ARTHUR at least half. There are two worse things than death. Torture and see BEN & ARTHUR. I am a homosexual and I am sure I will meet the most common person I know, and I do not think a whole movie has ever felt the only film in its first five seconds. If this movie is a mistake, I will personally find the "OK mistakes" to change the famous phrase "It is okay to make mistakes unless Ben and ARTHUR are." People always say: "all good things come out!" I think that BEN & ARTHUR was primarily guessed that it did not get any good on the ground. The worst movie I ever watched would give WAY too much credit. This film was designed to be classified in a very popular category. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then it's BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
