Feeling fascinated by the synopsis (nowadays he has been playing on all gay videos, this is not a good sign). I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing it. This is my second (and I'm sure it will be my last) to buy the KONEK KONEKTA video. As I worry, this DVD is not empty. I do not lighten this observation? I am the main collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can say with some authorities, and undoubtedly, BEN AND ARTHUR is the worst movie I ever had in my life. Deadline My collection has more than 1,600 films (93% on DVD), and more than 300 of them are gay and lesbian. I have all the gay movies I've ever had, but I'm comfortable with buying almost everywhere I've bought gay video games, and I often buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes this creates a pleasant surprise: Aimee and Jaguar, It's in the Water, Urbania and Normal, I have accidentally colluded with gay titles. So when BEN and ARTHUR read about the conflict between gay gay and Christian Right, one of my favorite subjects, when I decided to see it, I saw another purchase of VISIONS in CULTURE Q CONNECTION. SUGAR PLUMS. This movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, he saw the wind face. So what was so bad with BEN and ARTHUR? Plenty! To begin, the "plot" was quite ridiculous. Did this movie give me a sincere sympathy with Christian Right? He must believe that a church has expelled partners because he is a gay brother, but a priest would create love-style couples in order to save their souls (it also has meaning). Writing is so bad, many scenes do not make any sense, and some plot points are not logical, tracking or connection to the story. Murders and violence are allowed to accept conflicts between both sides of the gay / right-wing conflict, and the performance is so bad, it's hard to imagine how someone has hired one of these films. There are almost no exceptions for gay characters - and nelly stereotypes; gay characters are not sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to prevent people from continually purchasing themed videos, and the distributor should be embarrassed. This picture has only one advantage over my other Q CULTURE Q purchases, SUGARPLAMS VISION, which is a soundtrack with a light dialogue. It's almost a difference, because the script is so whispering, understanding the script is only worth the trouble of knowing that this movie is really bad. Queer is embarrassed by culture, and I plan to warn you as soon as possible before I can ruin money. $ 9.95 in this movie would be highly prized; I understand that it will soon be discounted under $ 20, the highway is theft. I paid $ 29.95 for the original price, and I never felt more deceived in my life. Are the real laughs that are linked to this review only? For this movie, I've seen "user reviews" on many websites, and there is always one or two "praise" by the director / writer / actor, such as the reviewer's friend Ed Wood. What's sad What is disappointed I want the IMDb will allow you to assign zero stars - or even less. If it's worth a movie, that's it.
