If there were a movie worth 10 to 10, this would be. It redefines the term "Dead House" "bad movie". Other bad films, such as "When A Stranger Calls" or "Premonition", will look better with "House of the Dead". In the "groundbreaking" of the House of the Dead, thirty-one people travel to a remote island to visit the "rave of the century." When they arrive, they find some tents, a bar, a stage and bloody t-shirts, but they decide and soon attack the zombies. <br /> <br /> There is no free part of this movie, it's not entertaining, it's painful to watch it, it's incredible, it's incredible. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that director Uwe Boll is afraid of someone saying it When it's a good job or a bad job, it's a lie. The script says it's been written by a 11-year-old boy, someone decided to get into the chest and enter the horny line, "smell is someone who comes here." The characters have no personality and They do some of the simplest things they have never seen in a horror movie and do it somewhere, The characters are also magically converted into SWAT teams to get zombies. They do not have to go to their tracks and shoot at the zombies automatically. <br /> <br /> It is the remotest thing about this movie. Uwe Boll is wrong. Bollen's camera is strikingly disconnected. The zombies that go through the woods are nonsensical rather than threatening. Even worse, Bolle really thought it would be a good idea to include the small movie games of the dead in the movie. Often, and in most random times, suddenly you will see an animated zombie. It does not make sense. It was not a good idea for anyone to think about it. Boll repeatedly reminds us that this movie is based on video game. Uwe Boll has decided that it would be cool to curtail 360 degree shots in action scenes, to 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, it often does, and every shot is nauseated. The soundtrack of this movie captivates the mind. The majority of the action scenes are accompanied by a solid drum. This adds headaches caused by the "Dead of the House". <br /> <br /> 'Dead of the House' is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little video game. Also, it is not included in the category "so bad". However, it is included in the category "so bad that it is painful". This movie is very common. Uwe Boll would never let him go to another set of movies. Although his presence will curse a production. All Directories: Whenever one of your films gets a bad review, you should remember that you were not "the House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I will never get those 90 minutes of my life. In short, the words can not really describe this movie. All those involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed. Although I said, the "House of the Dead" may be fun, but it's not really. Nothing fun Avoid at all costs.
