First of all, I did not know about Mazes and Monster before. I did not know that Role-playing was behind the debate or Made-For-TV movie. When I looked at the cover (DVD updated), I thought it was a fantastic adventure like "Legend", as Tom Hank from the mid-1980s embraced heroic nerd as a nerd to save a princess from the evil maze monsters. It seems exciting, right? That's what the cover looks like at first glance. This movie was given as a gift, of course, as I was under the same premise, my aunt knows that I'm a movie about ancient mythology. And Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I premiered this movie, and I felt it was a great movie with Tom Hanks that would make me laugh in the 80s as a special effect. <br /> <br /> No! That's not the case. Before continuing, I will confess, I'm a nerd, but I'm not interested in role playing. That's all that this movie is all about the best interest in my content. And M & M (copyright infringement?) It's not even a good feeling to play a role-playing movie that loves geeks to enter into the world of elegant fantasy that uses their imagination. No! It is a movie theater that is to be performed by some folk folklords (the same people who think it is believed by Barney Satan). I understand, Satan is this skillful, but I do not think I'm desperate. enough to hate souls for RPG lovers. The movie THEE is an anti-gamer movie. This is what I get from this movie: It hunts RPG and it's not just about playing Role Players, but Tom Hanks's weak mental illness. <br /> <br /> Tom was an excuse to talk to a "Castaway" volleyball, he was only poor guy but Tom somehow made fun of insanity and, of course, he saw volleyball as a lovable character. I would rather watch the movie instead. In this movie, Tom creatures have been attacked by a creature of dragon (like a badly-created mascot of a RPG team) and most of them have a great personality. He only surpasses the behavior of Tom for his nature and nothing else to feel the worst. I get the poor guy has lost his brother and there is no reason, so the movie earns points that are deliberately tragic. I am not one of the films that exploit mental illness, and at the end of "M & M", kr * p. Fortunately, I saw 'Hudson Hawk' and then I laughed until I broke my soul. God overcomes 'HH' 'M & M'. . . lots! This is not one of Tom's best films. In fact, I have ever seen the most depressing movie I've ever seen (even if Ryan Ryan is "not disappointing"). I had a good feeling to watch a movie and the opposite I felt at the end. If you want to see a sad movie (both emotionally and visually), see this path. If this movie is transmitting a message, this is "Do not play RPG for Coco-Puffs."
