First of all, I should like to mention the previous movie ISHII Katsuhito's "Samehada Otoko Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Despite the fact that Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction" was a debt, Ishii's role was to take the story, and the whole movie was crammed with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were especially attractive. Action, intrigue, strange characterization, interest in keeping things interesting, and a completely unexpected story. <br /> <br /> So I started to face and with a certain optimism "Party 7". It left me my wife, and seemed to be really exciting, my enthusiasm was definitely annoyed by the credits. anime and live music has been a great mix! Then the real movie began. Actually, he did not "start" from the sidewalk as he confused himself, and there he stays there, as he walks through the pockets, uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The entire film is made in three halls. It's a paradise for the futurists voyeur (borrowing "Shark Skin Man ..."); Another is the travel agent's office, and the third (and most commonly used) is a damaging hotel room. In that room, he knows a cast of seven characters and ... he does not do much at all. Really I'm not strange to "talk" movies. One of the favorites of all time is "My Dinner with Andre", one of the films that speaks. "My Dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and middle-aged men discuss more than two dinners. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell us interesting stories. The "Party 7" films would have the whole movie suck. "No, you do not!" "Yes Yes!" "No, you really do not!" "Yes, I really do!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, really ... "I think the idea, I hope, I would like to be a director. <br /> <br />" 7 Party 7 is an incredible film. It's only the smallest plot (money stolen from Yakuza, similar to "Shark Skin Man ..."), there is hardly any action. There is no interesting conversation. Characters are not very interesting. Ishii took the moments of conversation from the film of Tarentino and built a complete film about them. The dialogues of Tarentino always have their internal logic and spirits ("Royale, with a cheese called"). It's not here with the dialog, worse than you can imagine. The short and horny script of Gashuin (always wonderful) and the awesome low-key ASANO Tadanobu, would give me a single "Party 7" star. Actually, it was a great job.
