and he did it. Through my experience, when the horror movie arrives at a "franchise" situation and the subsequent titles will be released later, all of them at the same time have an indispensable factor: irrelevant. Omen IV: Awakening does not make any exceptions to this rule, on the assumption that another child embraces the Anti-role of Christ, a religious prophecy predicted. Did not we see it before? Has not Damien Thorn's rise and fall been sufficiently released in three films? If you're such a fan of horror, you will realize that he has many habits in his merits due to redundancy and a pre-animated horror movie - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; list continues At the moment of the game, I'm sure you're ready to see what you expect to see in the fourth title. In any case, sometimes you sit down and some filmmakers realize you're shameless. Omen IV: Awakening is just that: an exercise that does not make money. <br /> <br /> This movie does not offer new or interesting Omen's behavior. The only and authentic way of trying to compare Omen IV with his brothers and sisters, similarities and plot devices are very embarrassing. Items such as caregiver, participation of a priest, skepticism of the people involved, death decapitation of the scene (clearly, after paying tribute to the original film), the implication in politics and prestige in the community of the father is unforeseeable. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, a B-horror title in the series is supposed to be a B-star, because the play is out of the table, because it's ridiculous and unintentional humor is wrong. The lines that were delivered during this film. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score formed by Goldsmith has been replaced by an audible debacle. An absolute joke, and I asked if it could be used for this movie or that was taken from a stock market bank "...", something that I rarely comment on for the bad use of music. score - so far. <br /> <br /> Eventually, Omen IV: I would call failure. Behind them, in the world of horror films that make titles, some do not get brand names and others. If you're interested in creating a new point on the horror belt that's over, that's maybe the end goal that this title might be, perhaps for entertainment, would allow this title to run correctly or improperly.
