Omen IV: Awakening-in 'St. Frances Orphanage, "where a husband and wife, Karen (Faye Grant), and a girl given by Gene York (Michael Woods) will give her a little girl, Emazte Yvonne (Megan Leitch). At first things are going well, but as years go by and growing as Delia (Asia Vieria), Karen is suspicious of her death and death as Karen is convinced she is the same. She warns Karen that she is pregnant, but finds a malicious plot of use as a substitute for her mother and finds a shock to find out who was the real father of Delia ... <br /> <br /> Originally targeted by Dominique Othenin-Girard, either released or sacked and replaced by Jorge Montesi, despite the fact that this film was completed, why did anyone who devised Omen IV: Awakening is absolutely awesome and is a wonderful image of the previous one. Brian Taggert's script is very bad, I do not know that this nonsense seemed like a word written in part of a piece of paper, but there are so many wrong things, although I think it's difficult. As a serious film, Omen IV: AWakening looks down on his face and works better when it comes to comedy, eventually I say the scene. Detective comes face to face. The zombie song songs that are disturbing Gothic songs have to be believed, and I thought it was totally hilarious and ridiculous. Then the difference between this and other Omen movies is absurd, this time it's a young girl, the question here I ask why? Seriously, why? There is no reason and no effect is used. Then, of course, at the end, Tiarek maintains the embryo of the brother, who has been innocent at the end and has been implanted at Karen in a conspiracy conspiracy of a group of Satan, so that he can give birth to the Antichrist. it will only be empty. At first, there is a certain value of entertainment that is what is bad, but unwanted darkness is bored early later. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is impossible to know that Omen IV: Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but, to say, everything was not behind the camera, a succulent and cheap film made for television, really without a movie and blur and production design. Next, the main elements that have been so effective in the previous day are not fears, environments, tensions, and lack of meaning. <br /> <br /> The budget must be quite low and it looks like a movie. The best exquisite image of Omen IV: The Awakening camera is the latest movie that rises in the air, while Delia remotely moves away, while revealing a cross-shaped cross made of two overlapping paths. Final credits, almost everything to say. I have to mention unfortunate music, which is more suitable for a comedy and is not very suitable. The play is fine, but, as usual, the girl is confused. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: Awakening is a rough, serious movie that is really horny and stupid. The director's change has probably not helped, no excuse yet. The final of Omen's film The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981).
