After 15 minutes of this film, I lost Zhang Yimour's first feature film, a Chinese look at Chinese society and politics and society. A serious mistake was made in my low opinion for the martial arts film. The movie that was with Hero Couger was a bit worse with a complex and woody storyteller found in the movie John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. For a few years, as Chinese is studying Chinese movies (and understanding and speaking Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others. SMMF, like the Hero, is not really a traditional Kung Fu film, and definitely not a Wuxia pian movie. There is no element of sword and witchcraft or knight. This is a completely different vehicle, more than more entertaining films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. Those who really enjoyed what they enjoyed were charismatic, but SMMF has a fuzzy and sometimes misleading conversation combined with active cardboard. Zhang Ziyi, as well as Ben Affleck, plays a blind person. This film is dominated by a very insulting movie. He takes it so seriously, at the end he becomes a joke. All actors seem to be the most important piece of celluloid in history, they are destroying emotions, and their full happiness asks you to make Zhang Yimou film itself or just a showcase. (that is, "ego booster") Zhang Ziyi. She literally makes her face on the camera and is not sexually assaulted in the movie. His performance range has not really been able to reproduce his naive "w" hope. He plays it, he is cold and alive, as if he did not read his lines. It's so funny to hear America's critics and film people (like Quentin Tarantino, completely unprofessional), this movie is called masterpiece. I guess the bunch of theatrical actors are really important on the screen while they watch flying bamboo forest, thinking that they're great shooting. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, retaining its brand style, edition and attitudes, lack the vitality and originality of her first films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the ads in this movie are very low, and if there is a decline / obvious draft, you probably would not have shot at high speeds. The same is true for special B-movie effects. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after throwing them), logically, turning, climbing and banking, as if it were within a small pilot. I know that logic does not really have Chinese stylized place in martial arts movies, but if you do not want to bring a lot of curtains to your audience, you should probably work on your own compositions. Mass melodrama, unwanted dramatic amusing moments, bored battle scenes, truly uninspired plots are waiting for Shi Mian Mai Fu. It's clear that Zhang Yimou is no longer shooting Chinese audiences. This is to enter the western market, just like CTHD. After seeing Hero and SMMF, I conclude that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, it will definitely start. SMMF is primarily Phantom Menace Chinese martial arts films. And I thought the hero was a bad thing.
