Ok, so I rented this clown-Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire movie, but I did not expect much, but I liked the innovative version of the killer version. (At the back of the box is the following summary) "At first it was just a joke - the myth of the camp for five friends living in the remote Texas woods, but when the provisionals disappeared - one, scattered parts of the body and replete with bloody effigies, live a little. But he's away. He's sick. And he's the one who wants blood ... "Obviously, it's not getting it done. wisely: why will this clown begin in the woods? Why a clown? Why draw their dolls with the word "food"? Why Why? Almost nothing is answered at this time 30 min. The birth was held except for this clown. The characters are silent boys, silent girls, and shame. Especially a girl from a restaurant, and that's why she thought she needed to help her know that she knew about a man who knew him. What guarantees is this excuse for a girl in the circle of your friends or her cabin? He, of course, begins to grow jealousy, the sex with whom he has sex with him wants to listen to all those who want to listen. <br /> <br /> Music was an average affair (music-like horror films with no distinction as a standard music on the keyboard, all that seemed to have been brought by actor casts and denounced everything that seemed to have been theatrical plays. Horrible, on the first day, it's dreadful, but, of course, he gives him the first night of unrealistic know-how, he seems to have almost nothing to do with his budget, but there was a clown dress and the cheap dolls for the $ 1 store were in the woods, All of this was a bit of a shooting spot (too much). I'd go down to the house to kill the four other characters in the rest of the movie (maybe by the glass), but it's never such an excitement to get into the movie. I suppose that clowning was like a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give it to Movie 3. It was an interesting premise (Clown Texas Chainsaw Massa cre essentially as a character) and I'll give it a star to the movie when it's a B-movie style movie, but the video was a more legitimate style. But in the end, I am sure that Killer Klowns will rent the videos of Mars to see them again. Oh, but that cover ... a wonderful drawing.
