The hybrid water treatment begins as the guardian of the planet, Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith), in an accident that blinds an incident. Fortunately, Dr. Andrea Olewitt (Justine Bateman), a brilliant scientist, has worked with Olaris to develop an organ for the development of an organ from one species to another. Hewitt and his team have transplanted the eyes of a Wolf to Aaron, and the miracle itself recaptures sight. Excellent, right? Well, it's not really angry when it's time to see random images with Wolves, blood lance begins. He runs away from the building at Aaron Olars and runs, but it is very valuable to leave him and capture the full-scale search to catch him ... <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br/> It is led by Yelena Lanskaya. Fi Channel Channels, in all its possible ways, I think it probably creates life as "Creature Feature" as a direct one, but I finally saw that I have not seen one of the toughest science-fiction Sci-Fi Channel movies. They can even show any monster or creature. The hybrid is horrible, the script is horrible and I do not know who it looks like. The initial setup works well with Aaron with Wolf's eyes, but then the hybrid fence becomes a science-fiction item and a horrible drama, as Aaron's mental state is completely focused, especially as he asks no American women. Yes, do not you think that Sci-Fi Channel can make a movie about Wolves, and that you littered the litter much on the mythology of the original Americans? It is a curious character, Aaron appears as a harpoon hero, but the only person to kill anyone in the film is quite difficult, a bad and annoying person, Dr. Hewitt is still a nasty scientist. Aaron looks back and does nothing except helping. I mean, that Aaron will return, because Hewitt is evil. American military intervention also has a regular Sci-Fi Channel. Why are Aaron so poor? Although it is not a soldier and Wolves eyes to see in the darkness, it is quite impossible. The script can not take into account everything that Aaron has in mind or is true, the end is ridiculous with half-naked (remember this one for the television) Aaron walked through a forest with a pack of Wolves. I think it's an emotional music, but it's even more fun. Hybrid is so much wrong, it is slower than hell, there is hardly any action, there are not the same men and movie circles when we try to penetrate Aaron's mind, but it is very absurd, stupid and boring. a little bit and there's never an explanation why Wolves's eyes are transplanted simply, Aaron starts to develop other Wolf senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems with my eyes, I have had a lot of surgery on my right side. and I assure you that after an operation you would suck your eyes, you could not open it and it could not be at all eye transplants, as soon as I woke up in Aaron's bed. swollen or even red. There is no special effect, no blood, no blood or violence, and you have nothing to touch. Actually, now I think there is no sense of horror or science fiction, it seems like a strange movie of the week. <br /> <br /> They shot in Manitoba in Canada. and forget about it. The performance is inadequate, and nobody is ever expected. Hybrid thinking is a horrible film that is considered as a horrible film, but it is far from it. People will really struggle to get you to an end to the ending points.
