This low grade Universal chiller has just been announced as a newly announced DVD release, but I decided to buy it from other channels, as part of a collection of similar plays already owned by me, that I only had to wait for. What's fine, because the final result does not particularly special (if it's a good way to get an atmosphere): for beginners, is the soil quite weak? although, in a way, the Vincent Price is planned by theATER Theater (1973), without any fanciful film. Are we here, indeed, without the Martin Kosleck sculptor? whom we see with his cheese plate we're sharing with his pet cat. ?? When Alan Napier's art critic is not over-crowded, he decides to find herself to finish all this to roll off the nearby river. However, while this action is only being considered, Rondo Hatton's fugitive is anticipated as the "The Creeper" and, of course, saves the life of the poor, thank you for thanking you for all the work done manually. It is believed to be in the New York art circles, what we see in the work is the commercial painter Kosleck and Robert Lowery (the young Blond Girl of Joan Shawlee continues to paint herself repeatedly, how is she posing?), Napier's art critic (Virginia Gray) is adapted to a criticism! Soon, the second one finds his spine broken and Lowery is suspected; But then, Bill Goodwin, a researcher, gets a brilliant idea of ​​a critic for publishing a rigorous review of Lowery's work (I did not know sketches! !! Meanwhile, Kosleck thinks he is creating his masterpiece, making Hatton's sculptural stairs and, of course, without knowing what to call Gray's attention (which we suspectly did not have on his weekly pillar) due to the evil of the artist and model. Certainly, though Creeper is aware of Gray's appearance (Kosleck's fleas' cookie ), against Shawlee, "became a girl of Goodwin!" In the Lowery apartment and, speaking to Kosleck (you guessed it), the police rushed down to the attack, he sends a loud giant to his final boss , now finished by its destruction, a stone figure, oddly enough, ahead of Hatton In spite of being a movie, the epithet "introducing" is already named in its credits.
