The public demonstrates how much sheep is as much as a public. A few critics say that something new is good (that is, "Shake-Cam"), they all jump, if they do not have independent thinking. It was not a good movie, it was a great movie. 1) Plot? - What plot? From there, Bourne fled from the beginning and from there. That's the plot. Do not look deeper than that. 2) Cinematography? - Make me a favor! Any 7-year-old 7-year-old man armed with an 8mm 8mm camera would do a better job (I do not do too much here). This movie is the strength of a stunning camcorder. Each (I mean) is a shaking scene that can create ridicule and nausea. 3) Incredible? - Yes Yes. It's a masterpiece of credibility. Bourne (the local) police were watching the scenes I was following in the streets of the Tanger market. - I was from Tangier. Guides can not even walk through these streets, but Bourne has shaken up 100 police officers with agility and refinement. Greengrass must start scattering himself in the face of his disapproval of his film students. 4) Edit? - I do not know if the editor made this movie but I want something! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the movie I felt nauseous, from the "scene" strobe effect of the gesture. 5) Management? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The movie has not been correct. More Greengrass case scrolls a copy of the script (all two pages) as the cameraman and "drank some scenes while drank". - "Do not worry, guys, we will premiere the scenes together." The director should be plumed and put out by allowing the editor to enter the monster on the silver screen 6) to treat the two senior CIA employees in the treatment of female abuse and misunderstanding. - It was not sure if someone was not sure if they were not putting their lifestyles on the line. Talk about the stupid Nincompoops. (Although the evil men of the CIA male have invented a piece of paper on the floor, it has just finished it). (Well, all men are evil, right? - SNAGS, of course, exempt). Yes, this is really a direct and modern political film. These women are heroines of the day and show mankind as a real threat to humanity. 7) Hopefully, when he finally gives him a great success (as always, right?) And he'll fall into Jason Bourne to be a murderer. He suddenly makes a sudden guilt and does not refuse. the launcher (yes - right ...) - at the same time, the deputy director just happens: he pulls the manual gun and the bracelet. - How 60 years passed so fast and did not breathe? The wonders will never leave 8) Do not worry, there is a hearing of the Senate and throw the evil ones in front of the courts. Well, we can not CIA bad guys, shoot politically wrong people, do not you? How beautiful is true life P.C. Noughties movie. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is rough.
