The first numbers in this section were more than 9. They do not follow their rules to the spirit, when the destruction of the body destroys the spirit. This fell into a second body. That body and Dean Sam drops 20 feet away, but they're fine with Sam. Light shadows come out in a dark asylum at night, and we can see everything. It's night, but it goes through clear windows. A ghost who died in 1960 is making cell phone calls? Come on! There is no way Sam can see a psychiatrist on the day of her appointment on the day and as the doctor would talk to Sam, as if it were not the first visit. Sam and Dean knew that other religions were still waiting to be wakened and among innocent spirits. This does not seem like a thing that Winchester makes. Oh, and he was hanging around around a mattress and browsing around a nasty room, the girls and their hair are perfect and not in their white shirt. <br /> <br /> Despite the problems of setting this section, the premise was good and sometimes I was not terrified, but I was nervous that reading the magazine Dean Elicots was made. He knew that the ghost was so object of such great personality that he would bring it to the person who violated the sanctity. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps, for an important object or place (that is, like Elicoten's office), it should be a fault when drawing up a living or drawing it should draw the spirit. When they are different, I want to scream ... so you die! Always stay together and look one behind! but they did not listen to me: o Elicot's spirit and its special ability are very pleasant. It's a real-time show, but I'm scared by a victim of Elicot, allowing us to take away one of his victims and foresee torture. False shadows or the full blinking of the full scene is terrifying. The revival of the lighter or the torch is soon and immediately the face is a spirit whose face is amazing. I understand that the director wants to see his scene, but then Elicot wants to talk about or make a clear connection, touching an electrical socket and turning off the lights. When the characters have an asylum, they need to answer the light room suddenly. Blue white electric lights, like Elicote's finger power. <br /> <br /> Actually, MCG can do better.
