When A Stranger Calls was restarting, I obviously wanted to see the original. Then, when I read about the original (I remember that my sisters were horrified at the day) I noticed that the real money was made by Christmas Eve, which apparently all won "is in the caller's house". So Netflix is, and it sits at the top of my list for months, because it's "a long wait". All the time I'm eager to see it! Then one day, blue, it's finally arrived! ... And it's completely runny. <br /> <br /> Surely, I had hopes raised, but I did not think I would get it anymore when I saw him. The thing is that Christmas universities are in some Canadian countries and there is not a sorority party. We will see some killer POVs while the pavement rises and enters the attic. So we know it's home. Then are we entering our characters? - Olivia Hussey, mousy, whiny, as accentuated Canadian Jess. Margot Kidder, alcoholic and aggressive barbecue. She is so annoying that her mother invites her Christmas feast. Janis Ian, this angry clone ("Phil") and this alcoholic lady from Mac, who has also been drinking different bottles of drink that she has hidden throughout the house. Keir Dullea also knows that Peter's partner, Peter, in 2001, and Bunny Lake is missing, although I was in the middle of the movie "What is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> It seems that the house has received calls that are obscure, but it was earlier than the email, so they could not ask for a photo. Then? - Well, do you know how to say that plastic dry cleaning bags are not a toy? One of my sisters finds it hard. Do not worry if you do not get 14 primary faces of the dead of the dead in the back of the chamber - 28 more films will be distributed throughout the film, of course, there is no saying "Oh my ... God! The body is in the chamber, even though it is the first hour Afterwards: "Why not find a police rook at the attic in a prominent plastic figure?" Above all, clearly it is clear that it is out of the home, before entering into the air by CSI, it must have been a golden age of any crime, the police So lucky, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> However, after a dreadful human drama, the mother of the house believes that a horror kitten has climbed to a vertical staircase and has opened a horrible trap on the door. (these sweet cats!), because he hangs his head and hooks his neck with the hook pole. Now we have two corpses in the attic? - Yes, why do not we get 75 shots? When we try to flush it over to the attic in two attics? <br /> <br /> So, now, the police have started to take serious care of the situation and hit the home phone and put police away. Jess and his friend Janis Ian inform them if dark callers call again, they need to keep their phones. Jessica continues to suck her, cunning and annoying as she grows up, "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" After making the first 89 calls, it is clear that he will not answer. Is not this symbol a developmental disability? What is the impossibility of learning something unsuccessful? And what will he suddenly say "Oh yes, hi, Bob is Laundromat?" Mutual silence <br /> <br /> Spoilers! However, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are piled up in bed with ketchups on their faces (the idea of ​​this film) and Jess Madman realizes that a door of a house or a window is locked. Hello What are you doing or what? The policeman then realizes that the murderer is in the house, and call Jess and "do not ask, just as soon as you walk and get out" as you say. So what does Moron Jess do? Does Phil Phil Barb? Phil? Barb scream. Hey, great idea sister. Now, why are not you hiding in a psychotic killer that you know on the upper floor? Yes, of course, and he sees old friends, all sprinkled with ketchup, inviting them to scream on the audience's screen: "Is there an idea right now!" <br /> <br /> Now it must be obvious and understandable. realize that this movie was made before the classic slasher film tropics, and that we did not move to the rhythm and probably 207 times a plastic coated corpse was probably terrifying. Back in the day, and people were not accustomed by a psychopath, so they did not think, lock doors or windows. And it might be tempted to walk on the top floor when the abusive killer is said to be there. In the 70's the people were stupid. We need to understand that. One of the great touches is not our psycho-psychological psychedelic proto-Final Girl. But believe us, it is very interesting to read this review over the movie. Spoilers Finished! <br /> <br /> ------ Look, look at Cinema de Merde, my website on bad and bad movies (short films). You can find the URL above at the address.
