There was no doubt that there was a lot to watch this movie. Or "Some come to film sold out". OK, it's a little bit hard. <br /> <br /> Movies are accidentally comically starting: after a great many years, it has returned to its hometown (the smell of topical ones) and the whole town has shaken it. Arrival: He is talking, everyone wants to talk to him and he does not meet him tomorrow, even though he is not there tomorrow, even if he had liked his nephew, he would have dropped his date with a little Frankie boy! Even though the beautiful nephew wishes to part him! "Mike Hammer" is one of those stunning sessions, each woman likes Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is just a dream of a beautiful woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) could not be as beautiful as MacLaine 100 meters. In this Hollywood movie, it happens the same way: MacLaine completely fails with Frankie-boy, but HE does not matter any less! Sinatra often makes films in his films, and is seldom compelling. Dean Martin is kind of a blend; It's not as bad as the card player, but because of the accent that does not fit it. MacLaine is always enjoyable, but she plays caricature, and carelessness is one of the basic problems of the movie. The main characters are stereotypes, bad or unseen films and cheap novels; Frankie is going to get all the women who return to the "cool cat" and did not care less about her writing (which, previously, eventually mastery of the statement); Martín's passionate but friendly card; MacLaine is a bimbo mutant, but very pleasing; Frankie's love of interest is a literary expert; Frankie is a successful brother who is married to his wife's business and has a bad marriage; and so on. Clips <br /> <br /> The story has a couple of coincidences that are very scarce for my liking. Frank finds his niece locally; His nephew is only a few meters away after kissing his first secretary. and then at the end it is terribly stupid. <br /> <br /> The worst way to kill Frankie was, in some way, drunk in everywhere in the carnival! The place is crowded with typical noise and chaos; It is also happening in the afternoon - and yet, the guy finds Frankie somehow (although he drinks it as a lintel) and fights it. But guess who kills him? MacLaine. He jumped in front of the vial to save Frankie: a comic bookwriter could make a cliché. Absolutely pathetic, excessively dramatic and annoying, it definitely can not be seen by the audience, even though it is semi-intelligent. And that happens when MacLaine and Sinatra were married the same day. I read the unhappy novels that my reader of nonsense reads all my life - how is this writing written? There is also a card game that creates a fight with Frankie & Martin, due to the "vivid" imagination of the writer. (It was like the sudden West.) Another dreadful thing was that Sinatra was a crazy way to be fashionable, about the nasal nose bundle and not known by MacLaine. While the movie goes on, we see that Sinatra MacLain finds herself slow for her, since the bimbo blond has a small Sinatra class. There's a certain snobbism and scorn on MacLain's script. MacLaine does not play what it's worth it; Bimbo blond is treated as a princess and an intellectual; The ironic truth is that this second nature is quite muted and is not intellectual; His behavior, comments and opinions are mostly topical, stupid, mixed, primitive, and primitive. MacLain's character is at least JAKIN (MacLaine) that is silent. I have another irony that I have not warned: Sinatra had trouble finding out for his latest story - it's like a writer of this movie, and that's why it was created with the latest crisp. <br /> </ p> <p> The film basically has good results and photography is nice, but if the script is sometimes fine, it is based on stupid nonsense about reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
