Vera-Ellen's peculiar name Sonja Henie was a film directed to ice rinks: blonde, girl, always enjoyable, but not so good, and usually with a weak material. When Vera-Ellen goes to see dance with sexy dance with Gene Kelly, I can not blush (yellow horizontal red strip) with the name "Words and music" from the South Vietnam band. For some reason, the entire American Vera-Ellen * Edinburgh starred in two Edinburgh musical stars (protagonists for several years), not referring to the city's tapestries: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely'. </ B> <br /> Finally, Cesar Romero has an American businessman, for some reason, staging a music in Edinburgh. This show is an annoying attempt to link Edinburgh cinema, that is, it is nonsense: The festival is not a showcase of bright shows. We can also see several shots of Royal Mile: Apart from some Highland accents, it's not an attempt to convey the atmosphere of the scene in this film. The funest of the initial gag occurs when the title of the Romero show is called 'Frolics to you': the British's punishment and Yankee have not. <br /> <br /> Vera- Ellen is, as usual, pretty and attractive and a dancer, but the small amounts of music in this movie are boring and bad. Land - Deficiencies between David Niven mogul and Gordon Jackson reporter are unfocused, even if Hollywood scores are more than a dozen musicians. Romero is more annoying than usual, probably (once) he does not need to be convinced that he is interested in dressing heroine. <br /> <br /> The biggest attacks on this movie is Howes' use of Bobby. Sally Ann Howes's father was the star of the West End musicians; The sensible interpretation of "She's My Lovely" was very successful in Britain in 1937. Here, Romero's dog shows up in some scenes, but never has the chance to participate in a musical number, or a real comedy. This film is totally criminal - the title of "Lovely", a reminder of Howes' greatest success, could cast the most important British music star, but he did not do anything! <br /> <br /> Lovely character actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (whom I've worked with once) shines in a restaurant sequence, and there is a horrible beauty Kay Kendall. Since he is confident of Vera-Ellen, someone in Diane Hart speaks one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: they try to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns both at once and not at all. The story of Val Guest has a credit, but this film does not bring the quality of its great comedies. Color photography photography is a misfortune, although I realized that not all of Britain's post-war movement was allowed to work in Hollywood's processes. "Happy, Joan Gustoso" is the best time to be pleasant, because the word of the athlete is "the word". This movie will only be rated 10 out of 10.
