You must understand when Wargames was published in 1983 when it created a computer hacker solution. The idea that a teenager could make a great deal of proportion, was only a matter of knowing the world war and it was exciting. Real computers appeared in public homes, and for the first time, society began to connect with each other to make it an exciting premier of the film. It has to be acknowledged that a computer speaker that balances free time between chess and global thermonuclear is far away, but it has been composed of excellent nuclear breeding and cold war. I've heard about this movie really based on hackers. <br /> <br /> It's been 25 years since the end, and we have a great mutant of a thing I call "battle". Wargames: Dead Code. I'll go straight in. First of all, land is governed by a site where governments play and people who win games automatically become suspects of terrorism. You're probably very confused. The idea is that the terrorist will finally click on the sub-game of the website called "The Dead Code" because it drives an aircraft on a city to throw weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", you will automatically confirm yourself as a weapon of bioterrorism and your family will be monitored and surveyed. This movie really happens. However, since the payment of the game was made suspect by a bank account, it is known wisely. Secondly, this avatar of AI is a nuisance in this live DVD bomb. flash animation, a pop-up-ad-skire sound that keeps repeating "play with me." It seems that the advanced AI in the future loses the intellectual attitude of chess and goes into porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation of these "hackers" is profits and women, just like curiosity. original movie For some reason, the latest hacker film feels the need to portray all the adults, like the rest, the average surfer. This may be the performance of your average sitcom, but you do not learn how to take governmental computers by doing your own hair, shopping for sports and shopping stores. The only thing I could noticed at a moment of the interview is that there is a reference to the movie Matt Damon, and then the phrase "Good Hunting, Will." I swear, the chief character named Will was appointed by Damon Mr. Five for this phrase. Will, this child is not a bad thing, but I was never obsessed with any obsessive hacker. I can not fully express how angry that this movie is the same as the original, because it does not have anything to do with it, except? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) appear in this movie, like a slow-down man with seemingly boring, and a light machine of old tic-tac-toe, with a clear voice. After some suggestions, Josue (AI) seems to have sex with the new IA with the voice of porn, a large set of games on the screens, and "The only way to win is not to play." Revelation is supposed to be the highest moment. We've seen the originals, you know, those who want to see it have already been there and have done so. Recycled film made for the last month compost. <br /> <br /> The new film was directed by a man who made 90210, and wrote the men who made films B. He originally directed a guy who continues to work with "Heroes", that's why you see a different quality. It was a debate about a real reproduction, but I hope that this classic is not destroyed again. I swear, if necessary, I can visit the game website until it is found by a government psychotic computer. Saving grace in Netflix was able to issue this, that the energy that was in charge of seeing disaster was at least breathing, clicking and indigestion.
