For a few days, he should do an architectural research on horror films; We are looking for secrets of passageways and crypt, decorated with strange houses, monstrous tracking through air ducts, etc. I remember some movies that were very important to Offhand architecture: "Demon Seed", "Cube", "Thirteen Ghosts" version - but it's in every story about a great house or church. or crypt; It refers to the nature and influence of the space, the crossings and the walls. So I expected that the thriller would be the center around it. The idea is that an architect, in fact, has rebuilt the house to build himself; He has left his wife, especially because of focusing on himself, but he is also amazed that he can not get used to it, since he has restructured it. He lives alone in loneliness (in real time, rather than virtual), someone else - a stranger who came to the summit, who asked for his use of the phone and then suddenly disappeared - suspects that he lives in his house; The place is large enough, never seen. <br /> <br /> This is a good beginning for a melodrama, whose development will follow some lines like this: after searching for a house, without success for a stranger, the architect intends to make intrusive searches, trying to detect them differently, detecting, capturing or for some of the peculiarities that it has included in the structure, which might have been included in the structure. In the meantime, the architect has not found the paths that have been hidden or remembered between the places he does not remember. The movie cat and mouse game, hunting, would become a fight. and in the end, trying to capture strangers, his architect would be trapped in his creativity, unexpectedly. He would then have to think himself away - and perhaps he should at once be expelled from his self-imposed isolation - and eventually would turn him or even kill him. br /> <br /> There is no such thing in this movie; The house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis is an unknown character, if any. Here's what happens in the movie: When the intrusion is installed at home - when the architect starts listening to the noise, he does not find anything when he goes to research. The police call it, he thinks he is a bit nuts; He persuaded his wife to spend the night on the stranger, he thinks they are nuts. In the end, unexpectedly less or more, he has entered the claws (it does not look good, but the figures, who can be?) It is not a tough question, with a story that is less than three points. the main character), locks the doors, burns down the windows, triggers the key (I do not know why it was necessary), and the victim is hungry. I asked why this was given: Do doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect sleeps in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film is undeveloped and can not be developed anymore, another thing must be invented to take its place. And this is it: architect - are you ready? He thinks he is moving into the house where he lived and where he lives. How is it possible? It's not, but the film looks like it looks like this: the architect draws an image about the man who has approached his door; and when leaving the house, the photo is taken with him; and sits in the car, throws it onto the street; and the two children pick and watch Martin, he seems to be his neighbor; The architect asks where his house is and the children point to the path. This sequence seems to be beyond what is impossible, what happens will be explained by the architect. he does not know; When he is so rare in his movement and when he is so heavy that he reads his hostess, he can always leave the room until he enters or enters to watch it. In this section, the film is clearly displayed, which leaves the viewer (because there is no stranger who does not know how to live with his wife himself). , with it as a buffer as a convenient virtual recluse. But at the same time, the impossibility of living in the world makes Raffles a completely incredible theater. In the end, he did not have to go into the kind of rides, including another murder that blocks behind another invincible door - which falls under the weight of so weak and a wheelchair in the landing; two pleasant people, who dying step by step; and (before the story began) the construction of a tunnel was unnoticed under several houses ... Up until the last planned tour, the film adds another one, to make it even more offensive and then ... it ends. <br> /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things: the idea of ​​a stranger's home and the nature of the house, and mixing both. The first lies boring; I was annoyed by the second, because his main character pushed him ever farther in a zigzag than ever, and never asked the person who asked for any explanation: the Martin tunnel builder and the tenant. The story has to be renewed for some days.
