"Absolute Beginners" was a film for generations, a film about the topics discussed by the British against them and their disturbance, constantly stroking each note with the problems of young tomorrow. It could have doubled the "Moulin Rouge" 80s, but it disappeared. He has made a very prominent mark around the world, included under the radar, and now he can find dust in the section section of music, section of comedy or string money that does not require the money in the chain. survive Oh, that was not found? But I found it, I saw, I tried to remember my song, I went into the eyes of Bowie, but at last I had darkened. Was not this time tested? London's 50s is global in today's society? Bowie is awesome? I think that "Absolute Beginners", for example, films that fall into each one of these questions, like a movie that starts with a bang, but eventually gets a spark. There is a giant number that impregnates the streets of London noon every night, we add prostitutes to all corners, dancing, salmon such as rivers and the great connections of almost every person. Would it seem like a place we all hated? is not it? The director Julien Temple maintains a bright and bright mood for most of the songs, while trying to get to know our main characters. What we are most continuously is Eddie O'Connell, interpreted by Colin, following the dreams of being a photographer by Suzette (pennsylvania Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette's pre-recovery Lohan looks like it worked for me. Among them there was a huge spark, it was like chemistry lava, and I thought I could take the road that I had ever traveled. Ready were i ?? But then something happened. Temple gives us night life, we grew up early in the city and we completely reversed our roles without dedicating ourselves to the first. Suzette escapes, Colin turns into a pervert, and Bowie? well ?? I do not know what his role is, but he sings strangely while he climbs on a mountain? I will tell you a lot. Temple gives us a fascinating city to see for those who live there, but it leaves us high and dry when it's time to kick the canoe. We mostly learn Colin, but no one is. Surely, I could see this movie again and I could still confuse anyone who gets upset and how important this era is. Did the children really be? It seems to be pushing the end of the 20s, but maybe it was my television. <br /> <br /> The development of characters from the portal tries to overcome the temples that give the temple a greater twin song. we do not know One of my favorite songs in the movie is an excellent example. Temple uses split house to use Colin's parents' life (I do not know any of them until after the movie) and uses a song that screams apathy. A wonderful song, too many characters, enough time, is suddenly dragged into a scene that is unconscious and suddenly falls on your hands. After that, if not enough, we are singing ourselves at the rhythm of the great songs, we try to understand where our characters are or where they are and the temple casts their hatred, anger and politics to the final. to act While I was expecting this film to be a themed theme, I do not think racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly, friends are missing, people get angry, and is a random guy fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and is in favor of another race? Someone helped me here. Was it running and overwhelming? almost trying to turn off the movie. For me, at the end of the "absolute beginners" there was no illusion of the opening number. The first part set the rhythm and Temple could not continue. <br /> <br /> In general, I must say that the temple can direct the video clip, but I do not think it was too long to get a feature film. I do not think that this film will ever become a "worship" and it will probably remain in the dollars that are not left or even reached. The movie is fun to watch at the beginning, but in the latter part, when it's bursting inside, it just explodes. I wanted some work from now on, but I found the character Bowie the character and I did not care about anything. I can see how this film could be linked to young people of the 80's, but it was definitely felt. All of this production had to be taken for a moment by this bizarre Bowie "Motivation", perhaps it would be possible to become a better asset to worship this event. I'm glad I saw this movie once, but that's what every little brain can take. At first I loved the way he captured me from the temple, but he could not control his characters (too), and it seems that the songs were not the last moments of the film. He came out of nothing and there was no evil. If it's a movie about racism, it must have been from the beginning. "Adventure beginnings" was a great adventure, but I do not think I'll depress this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** away
