This film ends with a talk where the narrator tells us the fate of two fate of the protagonists and has changed the names of people and places ... before telling them that their relationship with real people and their relationship is only consistent. This final line summarizes everything that went before; Rino Di Silvestro's film has an empty view, and there is no point in the plot; there was no use anywhere. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a blame for places or "so good", but I totally agree. Normally I enjoy such films; But the male woman is a bad movie, despite the visible sex and brutality; It does not make a fun show, and that's really undeniable. The movie does not really play on the plot, but the rumor given involves a young woman, who at the same time dreams of being a man. He went out and found men, he had sex with them and eventually dreamed to kill them. In real life, he falls in love, but his lover has died and revenge comes ... <br /> <br /> The film has sexual and gore scenes, that is, they are filled. The very sad lecture sequence, where several characters pass through the final events. These scenes are sure to redirect you to the plot and build characters; But they do not really do it, and they only succeed in converting an unsuccessful exploitation into a great turning-point movie. It seems that the director was interested in the style and atmosphere of the plot, which shows that the movie looks and looks good. The sex scene is often not very erotic, but it works well. The premise is very mature to give a beautiful slice of exploitation, because women are naked, and the main character is the origin of a widowed man, that there may be many eroticisms; but this is not capitalized, and although malicious performances and malicious lines are able to attack large doses, I can not really see in film and I get bored. In general, I would not even recommend the movie to the great exploiters. There are better things out there than this, and while the title may be interesting - the movie is not.
