"La Lupa Mannara". In 1976, "Werewolf Woman" is a promising movie, but sadly, the movie itself is far from me, seeing Italian horror fans. You do not hear that Rino Di Silvestri's film is very bad: it's really beautiful moments and the first part is fun (although it is unmistakably disgusted). The film will be also featured by Annik Borel, the main actor. However, the movie, which has no real plot (at least not linear) often does not make sense, and in the second part it is very useless. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) is a stranger. She dreams of dancing during the night before a man bush becomes a woman. As she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (worship siren Dagmar Lassander) visited her husband, Daniella suddenly felt her husband attracted, and then a man would become a Werewolf woman ... or something. Storyline really does not make the smallest sense, that is, the movie is very fun in the first part. Daniella's main character is a schizophrenic, immensely hysterical and nonsense lymphoma, and occasionally becomes a female wolf. Di Silvestri's director has decided to align with female nudity, which works well for me. There are some gore moments well done. The movie is never a little suspensful or creepy, but it's very funny at the beginning. Likewise, there is no attempt to hide the slice, the camera often approaches Miss Borel's private pieces for its simple simplicity. I'm not complaining Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to make a bigger movie in a completely different direction. Daniella is, in the first place, a regular man, who can not keep up with her curse, but suddenly changes when she knows a man (Howard Ross, in 1973, was in "The Boss" of Fernando De Leo.) Suddenly, It returns to normal again, and the part of the next movie is not part of the first part. It's a bit boring after a while, all the things to keep in mind, 99-minute movies should be longer than this 99-minute movie. supposedly an absurd story (we call it that) is based on real events. "Gizar Lirela" has some great features, they can try my italo-horror enthusiasts, but if you want to see Italian horror / exploitation films from the 70s, There are hundreds of movies.
