London Dreams, a Vipul Shah, is a frustratingly foolish film about foolish people. The type of film that worried the character of the sworn conflict would be immediately fixed. Ajay Devgan is Arjun, a boring pop artist who plays at a London Wembley Stadium. Manu became jealous of his friend and friend, led by Salman Khan, but he has a lot more talent, but has a lot more talent than himself, but in no way is it ambitious or ambitious. Arjun decides to decide on Manu, because the reputation of the latter threatens them. Now here it can help with the heart. If Arjun described what Wembley's definition meant, Manu would like to pull it back and let Arjun fill his childhood dream, and we did not see the rest of that pre-embarrassment. But Vipul Shah and his writers do not make any mood friendly. London Dreams is packed with ridiculously ridiculous jangs, which Arjun's grandfather committed suicide, when he was terrified of a full-time Wembley concert. Or a ridiculous accident in a spectacle Manu had to take responsibility, after a blast of trust in Arjun's silence. Idiocy, however, does not end there. In an attempt to publicly embarrass Manu, Arjun uses his ties to get Manu to get drugs. Buxom team asked Manu a couple of flat tequila down with him, but his salt replaces cocaine. Before getting well acquainted, Manu tries to eat for the white powder addictive, almost like dinner. This is not quite stupid, later there is a crude scene after which Manu said that he was following the girl afterwards. The quests end in a dark street in London, because the girl puts her knees on her knees, in order to deceive the girl that continues to hide the girlfriend of Manu's. Wait, there's more! I hope you feel hysterly when Arjun pulls her belt and sucks herself mercilessly, with the first dancers of the group (the same dancer or romance that Asin plays). Milos Forman's generous inspired by Amadeus, Rock On last year! -It's the latest version of Vipul Shah that is worthy of comparing with whatever you want to merit, a rigid melodrama, just like script script. Movies are humorous, emotions are excessive and essentially stiffness. Manu uses his character, Salman Khan plays everything that is loutish and lovable, but in the case of Arjun Ajay Devgan passes through passive, especially with an internalized performance. When Arjun boils point to the point, the cliff scene is wrong, where he speaks of a large concert hall and casts plastic bottles as punishment. Among the rest of the parts, I can not say the nice word of Asin, which almost awakens Ghajini with his strong charm, but here it is misunderstood, inevitably ruling out. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur reduced the number of single warriors in the group, often appearing periodically, to say the "naughty rock!" London Dreams, on the other hand, due to fuzzy writing and heavy rigidity, is a huge clock. If necessary, see Salman Khan, a fashionable champion, a good performance. This sad and sad movie is the only thing that will make you smile.
