When the movie appeared for the first time on television, I was very hopeful that it was finally the first movie of the World War as it was with American soldiers. Unfortunately, that's not it. <br /> <br /> It would be a good movie about World War I. For television, it is clear that a real effort has been made to use appropriate equipment and props. But writing and conducting is badly lacking, although the makers of this film undoubtedly freely borrowed from some of the great war films. There are numerous songs in the war film, such as the general arrogance, which apparently does not have a flute about their men's life. When he realizes that Hollywood generally has been bad overall, most of the general combat units have seen many battles and it is not naive what grunt experiences? The first episode of this film included the uniforms of "Path of Glory" Americans. "Path of Glory" was emotionally hard. Later, he was burdened by Chamberlain (except for a rise of exception) from "Gettysburg" and an American soldier also captured "The Red Line" enemy rings. But when only the soldiers of "The Thin Red Line" caught him. In this film they form a new ring in the midst of a captive, around the new prisoner. <br /> <br /> Although he used a military consultant he was not ignored. Even though the actors (and I never saw them as actors that were watching) were not tactics in the military, I did not see much. While the American soldiers were attacked by the Germans, they would shoot them. The evil Storm Troopers, apparently blind, did not appear to have any tactic that appeared. During the real war, this tactic had an effect. But the most curious scene was the attack by the German Flamethrowers. In this scenario, the German-erredaktil operators ran broad line in front of American defenders. If they had been true, they would never have come close enough to use their flamethrowers before the defender's bullets collapse. <br /> <br /> Ok, so most of the war films are not conceptual tricks. But he is still disappointed. But as I really hate this movie, the theater was a typical anti-military anti-war. Hell war is true However, the majority of American soldiers, even if they are astonished and hassle-free, believe in what they are doing, and they have nothing to do with it. It was my Father's First World War and, although I was born for four years, he told me how proud he was at his service.
