The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have the name of a current academic document: what he calls experts or sources, who believes in believing that he does not contradict himself (he wants to believe it). The new Americans of that time regulated much less than it seemed to a modern viewer to be ethical, often embracing theater scenes and passing it as real news. To this propaganda published, Hippler's filmmaker was not "proclaimed to those who became", so many European Gentiles hated Jews by validating their feelings of hateful Jews to keep their holocausts. . The weakest link in the logic of film shows an analogous "rat", which continues to explain the behavior of rats, and then adds something "Well, the Jews are like that." Likewise, the Jews characterize as ugly people in relation to attractive people to showcase ugly Jews; The jump of faith is helpful because it is ugly. The film contradicts several times, for example, the Old Testament characters were portrayed as a light European light by the attack of Western painters; Therefore, the text admits that this ethnic group called "Hebrew" is a part of the Christian culture. Even though the Ghetto Jews are liking it, it seems that, despite the frozen treasure, though they live in the treasures that they like, and then they say they are on the boat, we do not want them as soon as they get out of that ghetto. By the way, who would not? The use of scenes of a well-known American house of House of Rothschild shows the same extent of logic. First of all, they denounce the work done by the Jews; then, apparently, Hippler uses it to verify Jewish frauds (which is planned for preventing Jewish ghetto from the aforementioned ghetto), even though the "rotation" of Rothschild's Jews are too many taxes; In the end, Rothschild has once again made the famous bank invent a family account. The positivity or negativity of America's footage would make it clearer with apparent perspectives, but at first glance it creates some rough movements. To get all the mistakes of eternal Jews, I was amazed that the IMDb viewer's assessment for this movie is very high, so far "5" shy. I would say that the reason that EJ has exceeded the value of its documentation has gone beyond the original purpose and it was unwilling to offer us about the life of European Jews, which they would not have seen in those years. It is not necessary to say that this film, as its instrument of propaganda, its iniquity as a bad film, or just a bad thing, is a historical view. At that time, the director Hippler should again flop-flop, moving forward, "What I want to do all this!" The scenes of animal murder are especially frightening and reveal a complete inhumanity, the Kosher's intention to avoid animal suffering. Someone who watched the movie, and knowing about these procedures, would like to comment whether portraiture is accurate or not.
