La Chute de la Maison Usher, known as the Usher of the House of English, is called Allan (Charles Lamy), directed by Sir Roderick Usher, his good friend (Jean Debucourt). his wife Madeleine ill. Allan Madelein is very ill and Roderick is determined by her husband and is almost obsessed with painting her portrait. As Roderick thinks, Madeleine becomes weaker as she almost does her life, Allan tries to help her friend, but the tragedy is soon running ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written. Produced and directed by Jean Epstein. It was the second adaptation of The Fall of the House of Usher in 1928. Actually, I do not know how to publish the original novel in 1839. We've been shooting for a shot for 89 years and two. come at once! However, it seems to me that I have a problem here, when I have read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher, and I may not write a correct comment about it, but I just have to say it does not do anything for me. I did not like, of course, to say that silent film is based on images, but I thought the story was weak, the whole film was boring and dull, although it lasts for about an hour and does not mean anything for me do it La Chute de la Maison Usher was almost 80 years ago and, literally, life, world, cinema and tastes have changed a lot since then and I have never enjoyed this film. I'm sorry that this movie is wrong and it's probably not a good start. I never felt any of the characters, I did not take care of myself, and I find it very boring to say it. I'm sorry if I made any scams against fans of silent movies, but I felt that. <br /> <br /> The director of Epstein works well, a lot of people walk around the images of La Chute de la Maison Usher and I confess freely that I have moments but I thought they were very few. . I thought it was strange to listen to people's mouths and what they really say, I did not like the music and I saw the version in which French-language templates saved their cards with a thick French accent. this was not even put. According to Edgar Allen Poe's story, I have a lot of similarity, apart from one element or the other, that is, Roger Corman Usher of Usher House, the protagonist of Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine when it was done. You just can not tell about acting, no one ever talks, even though the movie tries to try to overcome emotions that are overwhelmed by unstoppable motion or what happens, it only looks a bit after it's been done. <br /> <br> La Chute de la Maison Usher would like the call to those who stay in the caves or those in the past, I like the fact that my films have a story, I do not feel bored and sound. And I feel like the last statement I feel like a foolish educator but I feel like that. The world has progressed since 1928, and better.
