The Festival commented on the previous comments made by the residents of the region: a person has suggested that closing and destroying the Ocean View Amusement Park has declined in neighboring neighborhoods. This is just the truth. Before the Interstate 64 construction that surrounds the Ocean View area 64, the Ocean View highway traffic course passed through the heart of Ocean View. Once the highway was over, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town that closed businesses and increased crime. This reduced the income of the park, along with the new competition in Williamsburg Busch Gardens. Meanwhile, in recent years, the Norfolk City has undergone an innovative work to promote restructuring to become the place where sought-after construction of high-rise homes. <br /> <br /> It also has it. He said that in the "Rollercoaster" the limit of destruction was used as a metamorphosis. This is not true either. Shooting was shot on two mountain cars in front of this movie, but real explosions and collapses are only called Ocean of Ocean View Park. <br /> <br /> Regarding the film, a story The supernatural "supernatural" side next to the park was stupid, but it was common in films of that time. With the participation cast, it is not surprising that the main actors were immersed in almost every scene. I do not think this movie wants to be another "Citizen Kane" I think Playboy was experimenting with a new bare format, that is, the company was an area of ​​business expansion (apparently not!). A strange water force in the old amusement park caused some strange incidents, surely, it was good at the conference table, but it was impossible to execute. The Russian mountains and the rest of the parks were flooded with balconies; "Let's create a strange way to justify an explosive explosion!". <br /> <br /> For movie watchers, this would be "once seen and forgot" (except for Diana Canova lovers). ; But for the thousands of people living in the region and the wonderful memories of the park, it's a "metro lane" in the movie park, as well as the central footage of Norfolk, similar to the "Harborfest" movie. and Old Dominion University. The limited edition of this DVD DVD movie would also be welcome.
