Bizarre Tobe Hooper, a fierce young man (Brad Dourif), flames fire on the people. This competence comes from parents in the 1950s who participated in atomic experiments. They die of Spontaneous Human Fusion and it seems that Sam is suffering from these pills through which her girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain). In fact, Lisa ordered Lew Orlander to manipulate manually by taking Lewis (William Prince) tablets, raising the child's child to the young father. Lew has welfare plans. Sam sees "Man atomic" as the first man, the pure killer in human form. Sam never wanted to and would do everything he needed to silence the person in charge of his situation. As the film progresses, Sam's blood is growing toxic, with only green in color. It seems that the other substances that often swell water and fire often react directly to the opposite when Sam suddenly flushes on the fire. To find out, Lisa Sake kills her parents as a result of SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone who has long been known by his doctor, is thinking of introducing toxic green liquids into his body, to increase their level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, an accent that disappears and disappears) was a friend of her parents, Sam, a friendly partner about 50-year-old experiments trying to talk about what was happening to her. And Rachel (Dey Young) is a former Sam's wife, with her husband, Lew and Marsh, for work and Lisa to be damaged. <br /> <br /> A strange, horror-strange, horror-filled movie. sugar effects Dourif wants to bring his tragic and intense character to his nature, when he looks at his body, his body slowly becomes toxic wastes from the fire of his carts with fire. There is no big hole in his arm like a volcano like a flame and a place where smoking burns in real time. The best scene is probably John Landis, who portrays a rude electric engineer who is trying to hang Sam, because he's been hearing tonight on the radio call. Flick does not work because it's quite different. In the end, Sam wants to offer her a quit for Lisa, because Sam lets Lisa release her with the fire.
