Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and his alleged new adventures moved just to work at LA (after David soccer player soccer player after a transfer from Real Madrid to a football hubby) was originally the whole series, but fortunately it's just shortened. 1 hour or so. However, however, it is still not endless. <br /> <br /> Almost all virtually all of the 'reality' of television, the biggest incident has been counterfeited, accepting the same program. Posh recently appointed personal assistant is an actor. We look at a Ugly-Betty look, a misunderstanding, and some head banter (a joke with Becks's predecessor before, Rebecca Loos, and so glamorous about the PA), no attempt at paparazzi and baseball sessions to create a fake blow They have more sequential deceptive sequences. <br /> <br /> That may be more entertaining than everyone admits. , and an act that had the talented Impressionist Ronni Ancona would be perfect and Posh would be better than himself, and if he made a more reasonable decision, it would be much more fun and more fun. We are really here (Miss Ancona may have ruled out the script), and even though deep and profound in self-deprecation and irony are not enough, it has not worked well before La Beckham's wealth prior to information. , and to hear jokes that could not be impossible; But despite the intention of sending her image, Mrs. Beckham is a shallow fence, and her weak carts do not persuade us that she has a humorous conscience. I believe that if a realistic wall-mounting approach has taken place, LA will go through the streets of LA and will not be seen completely (represented here instead by a frightened and hysterical hysteria) and associations. With no written reflections The previously mentioned Mrs. Loos, this would be a TV show better, but in addition to PR being a material privacy, bones would not even happen to such events. <br /> <br /> When that was said, where the next scene was. He made a special appearance at the baseball stadium, where he was presented to the crowd as it was different, it would be a difficult time for Hollywood to be great. The Hollywood Scary Spice (Mel Brown) was also impossible if Eddie Murphy was a big-city movie star who lived in the capital city. <br /> <br /> Spice Girls, of course, was a massive bubble pop in the mid-90s, even in the hometown of the UK, but still in other countries known in some countries, such as in the U.S. Certainly, they were very much welcomed by their penniless (1997), with a booming period in the UK with Cool Britannia and Lan Berri government. The Spice Girls seems to have been manufactured by some of those times of the time, even better manufactured. But there were never great talents of music or songs, and optimism in the United Kingdom quickly disappeared later that year (the princess was, above all, the tragic death of the prince Diana), as the Spices themselves. Their presence began to replicate the scene of music and entertainment, and it was evident, and all of them kept silent to the public to enjoy their fortune with eternal dignity, so we would all be guilty of recalling in mind the Sense without guilt. Unfortunately, the UK's "celebrity" celebrity in the United Kingdom has paid tribute to these imaginations and thousands of millions of stories. Since Spike, apart from being the worst offender of Posh, the rest of the colleagues are not far behind. It has recently been announced that soon a meeting will be held soon, that is, it is wonderful that it has never disappeared. Certainly, they do not require you to add their bank accounts. Maybe two of them are fighting for a single mom, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, soon the Becks adventures will come in real-time revelatory. I can not wait ............ <br /> <br /> Rating: 10 out of 10
