I love everything at the end of Paul Naschy (R.I.P). All movies that are not Naschy movies are very good, but they all have a specific charm, they can be found anywhere but in Naschy movies, and they are always entertaining. There are no exceptions, such as "The Marshal of Hell". "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. Although Naschy-flick's charm is an exact movie, it's very sad that it's too violated and really sad. With Naschy out, the baron Gilles De Lancré is a wicked man who attacks the crowd and uses black magic and bloody rituals to be in power. Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), when he fought against British Gilles De Lancré, when he learned about Baron's evil behavior, decides to oppose his former friend, and he wants to help the people against the tyranny of the Satanic Baron. ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Klimovsk, known for the direction of Naschy's "Night of Walpurgis" (1971), "Vereño Mujer Vampire Woman". he. Naschy often made his films, and it is often said that he has done a better job here than before. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mainly a historical adventure, not as a horror film, and it is very boring in the middle. The Sword and Sandal film of the 1950s is often seen, but in the Middle Ages this film is set. The part of Satan surely added that Paul Naschy was a great name for the Horror Genre. The film has its own good pieces: giving Paul Naschy curious speeches, strange Paul Naschy, the satanic Paul Naschy, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims and so on. But, unfortunately, most of the movies concentrate on boring heroes and good men, and these moments are boring. The cast of women's cast looks nice, but, unlike most Naschy films, this does not nudity and sleaze. It looks like some gore, but above all it's awkward and it's not too funny to look like in other naschy movies. In general, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" deserves to see my daughter Naschy fans. There are several films featuring Spanish Horror God, to be seen earlier: "El Jorobado de la Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia de los Muertos" ("The Hanging") Woman ", 1973) , "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba" (1973), "Latidos De Panico" ("Panic Beats", 1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004) or any of the "Waldemar Daninsky" male films. RIP Paul Naschy. Legends will never die!
