It is clear that the director and production team wanted to paint less than the wonderful image of the Palestinian girl and her family. Movie and website Ayat and Rachel have a secret reason, because the boyfriend is a problem, maybe a pregnancy. Shining brightly, Ayat saw that he was just the death of a close friend close to the hands of the Israelis, outside his home. So, why should a beautiful, intelligent and young college student make things like that? Perhaps, when he saw someone who loved his emotional and emotional teenager traumatized? This detail is worth 5 seconds. Concerning other details, Avigail Levy, the mother of Rachels, could have destroyed the building that lived in the Akhras family (with another 22 families). It is clear that this is offered as a "concession", but Mrs. Akhras should agree to speak with her. "Why would I?" (since the movie was said since the house was destroyed, apparently the interview did not have the result of what he wanted, so bring the bulldozer) Mrs. Levy said that he wanted to be a catharic and symbolic movie. hopefully overcome hate-hated "- instead, Ayats mother is used as a pretext while the carcass is hung up. In addition, two women are only 4 kilometers away and therefore does not touch the realities of the occupation of the Palestinian neighbors. Can Mrs. Akhras leave a cup of coffee? Please, Mrs. Akhras and Mrs. Akhras have to meet personally and ignore what kind of life they lived. Life is live (the Akras family was an original, but now lives 4 kilometers outside the refugee, Levys is deluxe who lives in a luxury of comparison.) He disbanded any sympathy that could be terribly awesome by Levy, a direct bitchiness with himself. In contrast, Ayats is endless, straightforward and loving mother, despite the best efforts of the post-production team to paint her and her family as monster. Unfortunately music and sound design from one side to the other ... Ust Every day I take muezzin every 4 kilometers every day from Levy's family home, just like a documentary's stubborn key to sappy music as a pretext. There is also a small piece of translation - Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY directs the camera in English, when he says something in advance, but he does not say it in Hebrew. Andra Akras spoke only Arabic, sometimes it was always wrong, and the supposed objective film was very suspect. "Sweat" also came under the light, Mrs. While Levy was at ease. Edition for Mrs. Akhras. I gave him 2 to Ayats mother and father, they seemed good people. Shame HBO, producer and director, to report this smell of bomb.
