Welcome to our country, welcome to your town? As part of the 1901 world of American countries, this action has been opened in front of us with the help of "The Stage Manager", the narrator you want. After the initial presentations, they take us to the homes of certain two families; Webb and Gibb. <br /> <br /> This is definitely mid-America at the end of the century, and they can detect American Dream and its brutal wrinkles that resemble a mad dream. town We see the daily life of 2642 inhabitants of the Grover's Corners in New Hampshire, even though there are a further number of 500 Polish migrant workers, they will never get a look. > <br /> Entering these families in their daily lives; working with their wives, homeworking, working parents, children in love and stiff fencing were cleared. The second act started three years later, George Young (unknown to William Holden at the age of 22) and Emily. you want to fall in love and marry The rumors that came to the stars reached their lives, they lived their nests and now they even reach the anxieties of young adults. The third act is harder and shorter. In this action, the appearances to meet the movies will be revealed, here we can not see life, not celebration, but death occurs when they recover when they are dead, they are visited again and reconciled. His past life reminds us here, to say, that life, and at the last moment, precious breath is not wasted and damaged. <br /> <br /> This is the last third. The film also seems to be a political attitude, it feels more of a propaganda on lectures on morality, especially in America, and how to direct its house and how to put it. This is not about "our" people, that is, a moral dictionary aimed at our "souls" and how America is targeting its own people "(Polish, Irish, Americans and minority ethnic minorities), and all minorities but also the American main axis, they will still not participate in this narrative fairly), such as honest and dignified mid-sized classes, such as dreaming of American dream, with a special invitation from American dreamers. <br /> <br /> This movie resembles I've been a little bit, but his narrative was much more influential than anyone else who participated in it, such as light acting, musical score or not, or not, which was intended to exclude other groups, and Webb and Gibb Just enter in the future of the US developing country, a good movie, but also a bit of its attitude. <br /> <br /> Thornton Wilder in the US j In the play Aione (1897 - 1975), he won the Pulitzer Prize, and he was nominated for six Oscar nominees, a continuous movement of life and three main axes. attribute; Life, love and death, the translation of the cellulose of theater depends on the consciousness of society. Our country begins with a nonsense lesson, like other nations; here's nothing exciting, if anything, this town has "just people", but you can leave the back door unlocked here. We are developing the lives of these two families, but their attitude is more important and moral. Our City may have been "Anyone", as it came from the right side of the town.
