Cassavetes was clearly a sincere and sensitive man with bold ideas for new films. He wanted to be an author, move away from the boundaries of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. Therefore, I applaud. <br /> <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, I can not be affected by a woman as a member of her audience. Cassavetes took on a wonderful theme (an insane woman), and in some way built the dull film, full of long, disturbed and disturbed scenes. It seems to have been a gift to catch the most curious moments of life in cinema, and it often appears that he had only one family camera and the engine ran and ran. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavet destroyed something REAL - or even something like the real core of the heart touched ordinary movies. Nonetheless, I found performances, especially Rowlands' Artificial. I never even thought of being mad. I've known people really mentally disturbed, but I've never seen anyone like Gena Rowlands like A Woman Under the Influence. He considered it as a very enzymatic and inhibitory woman, he drank a lot, and that was also a confusing drink before he first watched, but he drank the rest of the movie. There are times when something goes real, but these moments are far away; he maintains the perfect mental-minded character. Once again, I'm applauding their efforts, but the effort is not enough to make the performance a real sound. <br /> <br /> The new viewers who are watching this film and who watch high scores of his score are, of course, obliged to love and evaluate to prove that they are. But do not wash your brain, judge yourself. You do not like it. <br /> <br /> Just like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could attribute solipsism to the filmography, his psyche and the experiences of his life seemed so endlessly fascinable. He did not imagine that others seemed unexpected and stubborn. Woody Allen has shown at least one gift for entertainers. He knows that stories and good times are credible in any movie. If Cassavetes had used a self-discipline (and a couple of beautiful shears!), A woman with a strong influence could have had a chance. But what is realistic film making? Only the only people who can be seated are the students who worship the art house and the goddesses who worship Cassavetes? Without dumbing, I think that Cassavetes makes a woman accessible to A a little bit accessible, keeping pace with a real plot, instead of introducing a string of 30-minute chain lengths. If you only have cinematic movies and if you make a few of your fans, you've already made it. Watch this movie with your eyes and make your decisions. If you are really moving and fascinated, it's good for you.
