By John Cassavetes, writers and independent directors, under the influence of Women, the A Woman Under the Influence is looking at the family worker with a mental instability problem. Nick's husband (played by Peter Falk) with his wife, is a blue-collar worker with problems with Gena Rowlands's attention, deserving attention. Since the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very strange and strange, but a few minutes later, it is clear that much more than that. Crazy Bonkers. Damned head Nick wants to hide his jobs, and after a strange incident, he asks himself if he wants to deny Mabel's illness. His problem comes from that. <br /> <br /> I have found special problems with this film. These problems mainly seemed to have appeared in the story, and some of the characters led to the end. Mabel has promised, in fact, that they are nuts. Then, six months later, he is ready to go out of the hospital, and his husband launches a party to welcome him. The movie is never stifled at the beginning. Why would everyone invite Mabel to her home when her wife is so fragile? It's just stupid. Later, when Mabel goes home, Mabel's father has a great star in Nick, when he does not want to eat spaghetti, cry out over the lungs. Her daughter has returned to six months of rehabilitation and is keeping the quiet thing you want to do, and does it make more spaghetti? A few minutes later, Nick nodded into Mabel's stairs and buried his head from his head when he was unstable. do noises and gestures. Did not he send him to do better and not do things? Then there were other sections, but it would be redundant to look more specific. I've had a serious problem about Cassavetes's decision to act on his characters. It just does not make sense. <br /> <br /> However, despite the problems that ended in the movie, it really helped one party; performance Gena Rowlands played a crazy woman. I forgot about it for some time, it was so frightened that it was so frightened in its horrible gestures and fuzzy conversations. It was amazing and intense. However, I was surprised by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk was a curious character, and I almost thought himself crazy about his wife, his job and, above all, his wife's situation. I do not usually appreciate the humorous actors. In this film, young people who played children of Nick and Mabel were phenomenic. I really felt that they were the children of Mabel, because they were associated with themselves, and it was so interesting to help their problem. I think that these films are kept together, and they make the film even more realistic and not so vivid. <br /> <br /> I was not surprised at all in this movie. The story was confused and unknown, and I was surprised by the characters I was not insane about the movies. The main characters of the Longhetti family were the only savings. Their realistic dialogues and powerful performance kept the movie together, and probably the only reason that the film has given anything.
