To review this movie, I should definitely mention the memorable scene of Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994), about Jules and Vincent about Mia Wallace and what she's doing. Jules asserts that Vincent was saying that "the only thing he deserved was a rider." Vincent asks: "What the hell is a pilot?" Jules tells the story of what a television rider says: "Well, the way they do shows, they make a show, the show is called a" rider, "and then they show a show that shows people who show up, and that's how they are going to make the show more They decide which ones, some riders choose and become television programs, something that has not become anything but one of those who did not turn out to be. Nowadays, about Jules's talk about television, there are millions of television shows / riders, , just because they were not ... well, well. Perhaps the most famous pilot of the game is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off "M * A * S * H" "Gary Radar" With Burghoff, Hmmm, does anyone really want Radar watching half an hour trying to solve crimes? Therefore, the show has never been picked up. Many people do not know (or what they know) the riders almost never show up in the air Because they are only for television networks. Some have passed and they got into the air (I'm a pilot of the "American Dad" animation series, the series of the show itself does not start almost four months later, but we're happy to have the riders never go out and that's why. < br /> <br /> <br /> "Black Bart" coincides with the classical comedy "Melbourne Brooks" "Blazing Saddles", which is obsolete and "blai" sitcom "without a little heart and soul" "Saddles" is a controversial comedy It was, however, a humorous racist and ordinary comedy, "he decided," how idiotic he was to be a great TV show of PRIME TIME TV? "" I suspect, because nobody has a memorable movie, Bart, a television show. "Mel Brooks- He did not even participate in the production of the series and this was the first one. A long line of error (in a related story, I recently discovered a series of movies based on a "Clerks" movie about an unnecessary TV pilot watery Vin Smith was not involved ... do you see what happens?!). <br /> <br /> At the same time, the movie (or all) of the film is located around the Black Sheriff circle of the story. west, named after Bart 'Black', Louis Gossett Jr. What is considered by the future winners of the academy, it is known, in the face of the "real" play, it plays "G-rated" Richard. Pryor. Most of the characters are characters of the character (if not bad ones): Jim, The Waco Kid, replaces a similar character that plays Reb Jordan. Lilian Von Schtupp is currently Belle Buzzer, more character conception, dancer and German with Marlene Dietrich's accent and personality. Although at the end of the similarities it is quite liked, in the story, the "bad" lead will be Fern Malaga, Noble Willingham, if I had the name of Hedley Lamar, if Warner Bros. had signed up. "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curley ... I do not know, does Taggart suppose? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, much less a rider. Bart Mayor addresses a drunken son and is a controlling non-controlling party. Actually, "series" is a story that tries to present all the characters and does not focus on the variety and context that would turn "alright" into this show. I can not really say a sitcom (and if I wanted to), and that's Warner Bros. Those who filmed on the back of the studios then added a laugh, so the show is almost exactly the same as "laughing" in the "M * A * S * H" series. The play is so, but it's always part of me, and that's what the actor who plays Reb Jordan overlooks almost the lines and tries to remember to cast a conversation. HA! The screenplay is dull and it raises essentially racism (surprisingly, the word "N *** er" is used several times through a 22-minute episode, but a rather short period of time, and even today) and becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> Never hide ... if you put your hands on this interesting novelty item, watch for riders only for watching the riders. ("Blazing Saddles" is a collector's edition), God knows why). There, you will get an opportunity at first hand that many movie riders never have the air.
