This is one of the most curious romantic films that is often used: a man who is seriously confused falls into a traumatic illness that kills his life. Sometimes this story is well and realistic ("Theory of Flight", which is superb), but it is more often the case, as is the case here, where the heroine "Old Movie Disease" is dying. You know, a terminal illness with no symptoms, but you must stay in love with your worm and lying permanently when you say goodbye to your lover; and your appearance does not have any effect (since it is 70's, it is not your sex life). It is one of the worst versions of this specific story; A stupid script contributes two incompatible and unbelievable characters together with actors from the sea. <br /> <br /> This has made Al Pacino's performance worse, and I said "The Devil's Lawyer" only saw him two days ago. The overwhelming control is an emotionally constricted driver of the race and survives an unknown character. It seems constantly asking why Marthe Keller is left around the network (and even the viewer), and he spends most of the movie ... standing, usually when his mouth is hanging. The point at which the life sign shows is at the end, where his character proves that he has been severely altered, ridiculously bad by making Mae West imitation. Hey, it was in the thirties! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is such a wonderful thing as the interest of love that kills; His character was courageous, free and moving and different and was thought to be a lifetime, although he was dying and probably had to play with an actor, such as Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, Mrs. Keller had a striking face and a heavy German accent for more terrifying teutonic stereotypes ("VILL VILLAGE!"). Pacino reforms and assumes courage and spirit and fills all of it, but it does not work like that, it is more like the worst way in which it is like its mistake. This creates a persuasive, lesser-known pilgrimage to film history, where you can not believe it could be with someone who does not believe it, and you can not believe that it is someone who gets much nerves. > <br /> Some filmmakers call this classic worship, especially because Pacino's "liberators" are Mae West's imitation. The scene is screaming, especially in the context, but it is not worth the rest of the film to be seated. No, see if you are a serious movie fan of filmmaking, especially if you are interested in researching the most important (or bad) actors (Extreme Lack chemistry) - not only are Pacino awesome, but another little Pacino plays the actors, looks and sounds, Keller I like shorter hair and I mixed them. This is not one of those laugh-minute movies like "The Conqueror". Actually, it's really a bad movie. <br /> <br />
