I can not remember in my life why - I have a free card or something, but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I went with, what theater, or even the city. I remembered all the dissatisfaction I had when someone made someone to call a movie and how half of the theater people went before the movie was over. Unfortunately, I took it to an end, I think it is one of the worst mistake in my life so far. My terrible offense was terrified, before closing credits, the beautiful child of the devil leaves behind a sign and "Look at the second child of the problem soon!" This was the most horrible moment in the movie. <br /> <br /> Land, if you remember well, John Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, I've tried to block this successfully). In the film, "taking on a" child problem. Maybe they can reform it, or they think something. I do not know. If this is their intention, they will fail unfortunately from this baby for the lasting of the baby, because it is the brattest, most gifted and horrible spirit ever to go to the big screen. Forget Damian, forget about Rosemary's Baby. This boy takes the cake. The only difference is that he believes that it is a "problem of the child." However, this is impossible, since this child is very likely to be a person ever portrayed. You want to kill the entire movie and (SPOILER, if anyone looks after it) John Ritter decides that his son's daughter will shout "Send it!" I was shocked by dismay (like it was like the people I saw in the theater). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie that I gave to "IMDb". The other was Superman IV, and God could not say it was worse. John Ritter had a TV Guide quote on Child 3 ("children") about the time it was not. He said: "I would like to make another sequel to another child's problem" to carry on dragging my dead body. "For that, I would like to see a marathon 24 hours a day at the Police Academy, Problem Child Twenty minutes before I saw it again. 1/10, I can not give a negative score, it only deserves. Someone smacks of the original negatives of this film!
