(1) Robin Williams, Toni Collette, Bobby Cannavale, Rory Culkin, Joe Morton, Sandra Oh, John Cullum, Lisa Emery, Becky Ann Baker. (Dir: Patrick Stettner) <br /> <br /> The Hitchcock Suspension gives Williams exceptional performance. <br /> <br /> What is it with celebrities and fans? What is the closeness of paranoia to each other and why is it almost a norm? <br /> <br /> In the last scenario of a derange fan, based on real events, nothing less, Williams stars as a talk-radio personality named Gabriel Nikdo, who reads the stories he was written across the waves and accumulated an interesting fan in the form of a young boy named Pete Logand (Culkin), who has submitted a manuscript about the hardships of his restless youth to any editor, Asa (Morton), who can not read anyone by himself. <br /> <br /> No one is naturally disturbed but ultimately is interested in the horrible existence of Pete, who was kidnapped and sexually abused for years until finally her sister Donna (Collette who gave excellent performance) who was taken over by a boy but her correspondence with no one found that Pete was dying of AIDS. Naturally, no one wants to meet with fans but suddenly doubts about possible inappropriate side motives when the seed is planted by his estranged lover Jess (Cannavale), whose sudden departure from the New York apartment no one has an emotional tail that has just grown into a storm in cup when he decides to do some Donny and Pete investigations, revealing some truths he did not anticipate. Written by Armistead Maupin (who co-wrote the script with his former lover Terry Anderson and the new director of Stettner) and based on a real story of fanciful deception, he found some Hitchcock moments running on a full heel like any old boiler. It helps Williams perform extraordinary performance with low keyness as a conflicting, affectionate personality who really wants to believe that his No. 1 fan is actually real and loves him (the only thing that has escaped his own reality) and has some worrying terrible moments with the horror of Collette, whose physical feature I leave behind, but highlights the despair of her character that can sneak into your kernel. However, the film exhausts the gas and eventually becomes a bit repetitive and predictable despite the finely controlled piece of argument and secrets of Stettner, it pays to listen to your own inner voice: be careful what you are hoping for.
