Homelessness (or homelessness, as George Carlin has said) has been a question for years, but there is never a plan to help those who were sometimes considered to be in the street who did everything before going to school to work or vote. Most people think homeless as a lost thing while worrying about things like racism, war against Iraq, pushing kids to success, technology, elections, inflation or worry if they end up on the streets <br /> <br> > But what if you got a bet to live on the street for a month without the luxury you once had in the house, entertainment sets, bathrooms, wall paintings, computers, and everything you once expected to see what it was like to be homeless ? This is Goddard Bolt's lesson. Mel Brooks (who controls) who plays as Bolt plays a wealthy man who has everything in the world until he decides to bet on a sissy rival (Jeffery Tambor) if he can live in the streets for thirty days without luxury; if Bolt is successful, he can do what he wants with a future project that involves building new buildings. The bet is where Bolt is worthy of the street with a bracelet on his leg to watch every move he can not get off the sidewalk. He gave the nickname Pepto after the magician after it was written on the lead where Bolt meets with other characters, including a woman called Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a former dancer who divorced before she lost her home, and her comrades Sailor (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson), who are already accustomed to the streets. They are survivors. The screw is not. He is not used to reaching mutual agreements, as he once did, when he was wealthy, where he was fighting or flying, killed or killed. While the love link between Molly and Bolt was not a fence, I found "Life Stinks" is one of Mel Brooks' observable films, where comedy shows it tends to be compared to its slap works such as Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein or Spaceballs for show this thing, show how it is to have something valuable before it loses it another day or on the other hand make a silly bet like all rich people when they do not know what to do with their money. Perhaps they should give homeless people instead of using them as monopolies. <br /> <br /> Or maybe this movie will encourage you to help others.
