What is unexplained? First, hate this movie. Maybe it's not the biggest movie of all time, but make a fraction, for some reason got 11 oscars, for some reason out of eighty million dollars. It's a damn good movie. Which brings another inexplicable aspect. I have no idea why this film left such an impression on me when I saw him in the theaters. I shifted it on television and video and had no effect when I saw it on the big screen (twice or maybe three times). But that could be, that's the appeal. It's a movie, yes, Capital M, it's Epic, it's a spectacle in the "Gone With The Wind" or "Ben Hur" series. Now Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind look a little hokey with me, with a swinging gaming and over-melodrama. Not that the Titanic has none of that. Well, acting was really good. The melodrama was sometimes heavy. <br /> <br /> But the reason why Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate my mind or give me visual excitement. This movie is not quite stupid, but it's not a brain. Visual excitement is simply a means to fill the emotions of viewers. I do not want to cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not respond to tearjerkers. But it is a tearjerker of ten million, an emotional roller coaster that, if normal, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure that if you see it on the video and you decide you hate it, and you're ready for cynicism, you can not really love this movie. But if you let this infidelity be suspended a little, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of this doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten films of all time. One of them is bad? Is one of them a valuable score of 1 out of 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this movie was $ 1.8 billion around the world. It can not be bad. Impossible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. how can one even think about comparing this state with a spiderman? spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a total of 9/11 kneejerk, which caused him to get rough as he did. it was nothing special. no one will realize it in fifty years. but I'm sure Titanic will be remembered.
