Titanic must be one of my favorite movies. It has problems (what movies are not), but it's still nice. When I encounter someone who asks me why I like Titanic, I suppose my first reaction is "wait a while, do not you?" I know so many people who do not like this movie and I'm not saying I can not see why. "The love story is too raw", yes, but is not it pleasant and moving? All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unreal, everyone knows that such love does not really exist. But this is a movie, not everyone enjoys watching a beautiful story that will allow us a bit to slip into fantasy for a while? Another complaint, DiCaprio and Winslet are horrible actors. Well, I agree in this movie that it does not fulfill its full potential. But I think it is unfair to say that they are awful actors. Personally, I think they are both very talented actors, unfortunately very popular in the film, they are not amazing. But the roles that are given to them are simple and the characters seem to be real that you can take care of them a little. I agree with many people that they did not do as much as could be expected. Finally, if someone complains that they do not like this movie because they hate romance or hate history or tragic films, then I'm sorry, but why did they go to see a movie that is so clear about everything. It's like people who complain The Dark Knight is a bad movie because it hates action movies. Simply because you are a filmmaker, not because you do not like a genre, it's a good movie. He deserves his Oscars, especially the best cinematography I consider the best I've ever seen in the movie to save the possible trilogy of The Lord of the Rings. I know some songs are failing, such as constant shouting between names in the whole movie. The flashing part of the story may sometimes be rather weak, but overall, it's a terrific success in that Titanic looks so real, and immersion feels so epic. I understand why many people do not like this movie, but for the most part it does not love them as a loving story, rather than thinking that the film itself is wrong. I've read more than five books on Titanic, including memories of when it happened, and this movie is very accurate in history, saved only a few mistakes. The only thing I can find is that the pipeline should be made of copper, not steel, and the iceberg looks quite unrealistic, just like the scene where it hit. I give this movie 10/10, not because I like romantic movies, but simply because it is an excellent movie success, leaving the feeling of horror realistic adaptation of events.
