Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictitious love story about Titanic's historic environment. The story is simple, uncomplicated, or not for those who love lands that rotate and turn and keep you in a tense situation. The end of the film can be solved within minutes of the beginning of the movie, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is beautiful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady betrothed to Calem (Billy Zane). Earlier on the road, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower class artist on his way to America after winning a ticket on the Titanic in the poker game. If he wants something, he will go and get it in contrast to the higher class who is so interested in social worries. They both fall in love and the audience sees Titanic diving primarily through their eyes. The film begins in modern times with a wreck survey by a group looking for the treasures that sank with Titanic, who recently appeared. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who heard about the wreck on television and are taken to a ship where the search is conducted to tell what they remember in their search. He gets a story about the memory of a single Titanic cruise. In this way, the scene moves to Southhampton, Ireland, where Titanic leaves on April 10, 1912, when all passengers arrive. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic came out on his first Atlantic voyage to New York. Historically, the first days of the voyage were seamless, but the fictional storyline of the story unfolds during this time when Rose sees hopeless engagement, being in the rich Cal Hockley and falling in love with third-class passenger Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, was invited by the director of White Star Line to increase the speed of the ship so that newspaper headlines gain further publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday evening and not on Friday morning as scheduled. Smith then ordered a fatal decision that prolonged Titanic's legs to full speed over his thirty-two years of experience. Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic they were floating were full of icebergs but ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as seen in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, a glacier was seen. They tried to shut down the engines and put the ship out of the way, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the starboard glacier as shown in the film. The representation of many small holes in the side of the ship and not one big punch along the side is accurate. The crew of the Titanic sent an emergency call and launched rocket rescue devices, as shown, until 2:18, when the lights eventually failed. The lights of California were seen six miles away, but they did not realize what was going on, and they did not respond to many of the questions Titanic asked for help. California tried the day before warning Titanic of the heavy ice that made them stop their trip but the Titanic removed them, causing California to drop the radio and leave Titanic alone. First-class women and children were the first to be deployed in the twenty rescue boats that were on the ship. The vast majority of third-class passengers suffered the greatest number of deaths in each class, and the crew was also severely affected by this tragedy. The word of White Star Line employees and first class passengers was convinced that second and third order passengers were trying to get information about the sinking. Also, the metal that was used to build the Titanic was found in recent years under the conditions of severe colds that had experienced Titanic's night immersed in being extremely brittle. Overall, the base plot is very accurate when porting events and when these events took place on the Titanic. Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the film or as composite characters representing the possible characteristics and ideas of the people on the ship. Kernel Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's mother are all fictional characters added to the story because they represent different groups of people ever since. Yet many characters, such as the unthinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; boat designer Thomas Andrew; White Star Line Deputy, Bruce Ismay; and all Titan's officers were real. The first voyage became Captain Edward Smith's last sailing because he planned to retire. Since 1880, he has been part of the White Star Line, where he went into his position as a millionaire captain when Titanic sank. The depictions of the officers are accurate, because only four survived the tragedy except for an officer who threatened to kill all the ship's passengers with the gun. He is recorded as a heroic acting and was misconstrued to the extent that James Cameron apologized and evoked a memorial in his honor in his former Canadian hometown. As can be seen in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many lower-class languages ​​from non-English-speaking languages. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the rescue boat as shown. Older people who appeared in their bed when the water came into their room were based on Strauss. She did not want to leave her husband, Mrs. Strauss refused to enter the rescue boat and died with her husband on Titanic. Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim, who proved to be drinking his brandy and smoking a cigar, reportedly came out dressed in his best. The richest man on the boat, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, died, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued, and later she was awarded the Carpethie crew, who selected the Titanic survivor from the water. Her ticket to the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars, and has ended by the end of her life. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced by the last pieces of porcelain and silver. Grammar school, which is hardly seen, is perfectly crafted with all machine reproductions that match those seen in old photographs. Fabulous clothes and costumes were a great re-creation of the postvirtualist era of 1912. The rich at the moment practically mastered everything because the women's electoral movement has yet to move. At this time, women often married the financial security that Rose had thought about, and she had regularly taken back her status to husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich earnestly "new money" like Molly Brown, as shown. Everything at the time was very formal. Women had to accompany a male figure for dinner, as seen in dining scenes. Smoking was not common among women at the time, but the cigarette holders that were coming at that time were used in the movie Rose. Men at that time generally smoked cigars, not cigarettes. Women physically emphasized corsets and social society. Although James Cameron did not have any background in historical films, he brought experts from Titanic, along with two years of reference to the history of the Titanic, and several freedoms were accepted. Beautiful cinematography and special effects have also helped make the film even more breathtaking. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic because the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their extinction. Director James Cameron shows different responses to this time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently, and he thinks of how you responded if you were in the Titanic situation on that fateful night. In addition, this film reflects the 90's when it was made when it looked at the wreck of the Titanic. Only in the past fifteen years has the locality of real Titanic been found and explored. This film gave us a deeper insight into the disaster that many would not see. However, the moral question of whether people today should have treasures from the wreck of the underground cemetery is laid. There have been attempts to stop a treasure hunt mission, such as the one described in Titanic, but all failed. As it is today, everyone can make their way to the Titanic and take the valuable things that are shown in the film that points to this thing of the universal value of our time. Technically, the film is very well done. To get shots from the wreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get all the shots needed for the movie. In addition, a special camera had to be created to resist intense pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron did not intend to use the probe to go so far within the Titanic as someone had in 88 years since the ship sank, but it solved that it provided a unique perspective on the ship. In addition, throughout the film, they will begin to break out of the Titanic wreck into the Titanic scene during their own journey. This shift between the modern scene and the scene during the cruise works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in an aclear way. At the very beginning of the film, septun recreation is used to restore the scene when real people have left the European coastline on Titanic, distinguishing them from other film events. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost as a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Just like most novels from the past, we know the end, but it is not removed from the wonderful delicacies that can be found in this picture. Some aspects of this film include materials about academic appreciation, including costume, sound, cinema, and adaptations. If you like interesting characters that give you insight into the life of the characters at the beginning of the 20th century and how they face the catastrophe, then this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
