Every conversation will turn into "favorite movies." I will mention Titanic and at least a few people will laugh. I do not forget them because I know that five years ago these same people moved into tears by this film. And now they are too embarrassed to admit it. I was just throwing Titanic for the first time in a long time. I expect the story to have fun again, I was surprised to find that the film had lost no power over the past five years. I cried again ... in all places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember what a movie no one thought would become the most popular film of all time. A film that has penetrated into public consciousness like no other movie I can remember (yes, more than Star Wars). And today many people do not even admit they liked it. People, let's get something straight - you do not look great when you're wrong with this movie. You look like cynics out of reach. <br /> <br /> No movie is perfect and it has a few mistakes. Some of the dialogues fall flat and some of the lands surrounding the two lovers match a little neatly. None of this is so disturbing to destroy the movie. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the subtle actors of his generation. Wait until you see him in the Ganges of New York before you call him nothing but a nice baby. Kate Winslet was so strong in this movie. The film was really her and she kept her beautiful. James Cameron mastered what many believed was impossible by creating a completely credible Titanic. Falling scenes were terrible, just like that night. How can someone say the effects are bad is out of my reach. I was totally overwhelmed. This movie is one unforgettable scene behind the other. Titanic leaves the port of Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying." "Glacier, first!" Screws hanging incredibly from the ocean. Screams condemned after descent. And finally it brought tears to the wild man in the theater. The music, which was also the victim of the success of the film, was a key component. James Horner's score was just perfect. And the theme of love was beautiful and tragic. It's a shame that Celine Dion's pop song was supposed to destroy this great music for so many people. I admit that I'm a fool of Titanic. As such, I enjoyed the opportunity to see the ship, as we have never seen it - in its beauty. Maybe he watched it sink, it affected me more than some, because I was interested in the ship all my life. However, I doubt that many of those I've seen crying to these enthusiasts. I commend Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never worsened the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity. Another reviewer said it better than I ever did: Open your heart to Titanic and you will not be disappointed.
