In 1997 I remember that year: Clinton bans the cloning of research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the World Series and the woman bore septuplets. This was also the great year of the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: the story of a dream ship, of a boy and a girl who fall in love, but are torn apart by their social class, and face the disaster of their emotional commitments. I do not think anyone could expect the Titanic to be as strong as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, of which 85% are teenage girls, I was 12 years old and of course I saw the film several times. The film made me believe the love shared by Jack and Rose was so real and beautiful. At that time I felt that Titanic would have nothing wrong, of course I grew up and did not see a movie since I was 14, a few years ago I saw a DVD movie at 5.99 and realized it was a good price and I he saw what I was thinking about the film now. Was it a hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was Leonard's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I was watching the movie again. Here's the whole thing, Titanic is a great movie, the best film of all time, no, it depends only on your idea of ​​good film, but Titanic is publishing it in romance, humor, disaster, emotion, and never let us go on this first voyage. The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team, who explored the wreck of the RMS Titanic and was looking for a necklace with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. They unsuccessfully discover the drawing of a young woman lying naked, wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dating back to the day Titanik sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns about drawing and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is a woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptic team on their rescue boat. When asked if she knew where the necklace was, Rose Calvert recalls her memories on the deck of the Titanic and reveals for the first time that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, seventeen-year-old Rose arrived on a boat with her fiancé Cal Hockley and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of whom emphasize the importance of Rose's participation in Cal, since marriage will mean the eradication of Dewitt-Bukater Debts: while they have an outward appearance of a higher class, her mother is financially broken. Disturbed and frustrated by her involvement in the controlling calf and the pressure her mother brings to her marriage, Rose is attempting to suicide by jumping from her stern. Before he jumps, a drifter and an artist named Jack Dawson hit. Jack and Rose run into experimental friendship when they thank him for saving their lives and sharing stories about their adventures they travel and offer; their bonding deepens as they leave a cluttered, high-class formal dinner building a rapport rich in a much more vivid gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in the third grade. But after Cal's servant informs where Rose is, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after a woman's witness encourages her seven-year-old daughter to act as the "right lady" in her tea, Rose and her mother defy and ask Jack to draw her act and wear only the Heart of the Ocean, from Cal. After a beautiful moment together on the first railing, they get on board the ship. They then witnessed a fatal collision with a glacier. After hearing the boat's visit of how serious the collision is, Rose says she should warn her mother and Cala. Meanwhile, Cal finds Rose's boring drawing and her foolish note in her vault, and so Jack envelops her for having stolen the Heart of the Ocean by Lovejoy in Jack's pocket. After learning, Cal is going to leave Jack to die under the deck, Rose escapes from him and his mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose to be safe, so they persuaded her to board the rescue boat. But after realizing that Jack could not leave Jack, Rose would return to the ship and rejoin Jack with the first-class staircase. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, lifeboats are gone, and the ship eventually comes to the freezing Atlantic when Jack and Rose descend. So, Titanic lives like a hype? I still say that this is a great movie you can watch, I think there are and still are at most haters who, for some reason, just want to destroy the film because it won a lot of awards and they were all in love with the film. But he has great acting, amazing effects, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it, or you hate it, you have to admit that this movie did not gain much hope just because of Lean's kid's face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. He will always have a special place in my heart, but I also see that I saw this movie eight times in the theater when he was released. But all that is out of the question, I recommend this movie, it's a great movie and I'm sure to go to the classics one day. <br /> <br />
