After a short prologue showing a camouflaged man who chases and then squeezes the throat of an older gentleman on the deserted and urban ruin of Australian Street, we meet Julia (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam). They manage to get a loan on the fusing top of Sydney Street, but it turns out that physical disaster is not the only problem with their new home. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> 13 Gantry Row combines an unforgettable, somewhat cliché story with a good to medium Catherine Millar direction into a slightly above average shock. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistakes seem partly because of the budget, but it is not entirely neglected to this obstacle. The key issue is at the beginning of the movie. The introductory "thriller scene" includes some of the edited editions. Freeze frames and a range of frames are used to conceal the fact that there is not much to do. Suspension should be made from a production, it's not a fantasy "fix it in the mix" technique. There is a great atmosphere in the scene, lighting, fog, and the like, but the camera should slowly watch the murderer and the victim and cut back and forth from each other as we traced the street, showing their growing proximity. Tracking and cuts must be slow. The attack must be longer, brighter and better blocked. Currently, the scene has a strong "made for television" feeling and a low budget. <br /> <br /> After this scene, we are moving to the present and the film flow is greatly improving. The story has a lot of similarity to The Amityville Horror (1979), though the budget powers are much finer. Millar and screenwriter Tony Morphett effectively create many horror scenarios, often dramatic in nature, instead of special effects, such as a mysterious person who comes to remove old iron plates that have been bizarrely attached to the inner wall. <br /> <br /> For some horror fans, the first part of the film may be a bit heavy on a realistic track. At least the first half-hour of the film is about Julie and Peter trying to finance the house and then trying to settle. But Morphett writes a gentle and intelligent dialogue. The material is so well filmed that it is often thrilling as the more traditional thriller aspects that appear later - especially if you have gone through similar tribulations in trying to buy your own house. he settled down and things start to be more curious, although the special effects often leave a lot of requests, the thoughts are good. Power helps to create tension. There is no abundance of death and destruction in the movie - there are plenty of real nightmares. But even the threat is not really an important thing. <br /> <br /> This is a question of human relations. There are many character arcs that are very interesting. The house is more like a metaphor and a catalyst of stress in a romantic relationship that can cause it to get worse and eventually destroy. The fact that it is in a large neighborhood and that the relationship is between two successful yuppies shows that these problems not only affect those who can blame for some external pain, such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from an aspiring corporate employee with a "normal" working relationship to something more desperate when he becomes subversive and strives to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time, we learn how profitable such professional friendships can be. Julie goes through almost literal nervous breakdown, but finally finds liberation when she frees her from her unsuccessful romantic relationships. Although 13 Gantry Rows never reach their television, like television, it is quite good, with admirable ambitions. Anyone who likes haunted home movies, psychophiles or horror / thrillers with a little more metaphorical depth should find plenty of joy. It's definitely not worth spending $ 30 on DVD (that was the price my local PBS branch asked for a copy of the film after it showed it (factoring in transportation and handling)) but it's worth the rent and it's definitely worth it for free watch.
