I have avoided watching this movie for the longest. Long before she was even released, I dismissed her as an exaggerated, exaggerated, over-romantic work of Hollywood smalt, and I do not want to share it with him. I've never seen him in the theater. I did not understand my head at the 11th Academy Awards - even though I had never seen her. Then he asked me to be a judge in a high school competition. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "You really feel like you're on the boat." "Nonsense," I thought. I share my feelings with colleagues judges. One of them looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she likes the film, she may want to know more about the real Titanic." The film had to do something right to get it. "Well, maybe," I thought. Then she finally appeared on Pay TV. "Okay," I thought, "I'll look at it." I did not like her - and I did not. I loved it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First, directing. My college public speaking speaker was right. James Cameron does an excellent job of creating almost "you're there" kind of atmosphere. Gladness of life on the most beautiful ship in the world. Incapacity, like the news of the glacier, first spreads; then a growing sense of panic. You do not just follow it; you really feel it. Then - performance. The lead performances from Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) are excellent - Winslet is superior, I thought, but both were good. They have their rich girls / poor boys figures up to the perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, however, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as a snobby aristocrat, and you felt the fear and resentment she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - details. I'm not an expert on sinking Titanic, but I have reasonable general knowledge, and this movie makes a great job to prove the historical details again and then to strain them around fictional romance. Very impressive. Then - a song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion is performing "My heart goes on." <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, romance might have been too fancy, in the sense that I just do not accept that Jack could move so effortlessly from the management to the first class. (I know he was first invited, but he seems to be getting into the first class without being stopped until he was there for a while.) The reality of separation of social classes was much more realistic than I thought when passengers would fall should remain locked there when the ship encountered the glacier while the first class people enjoyed half-life lifeboats. <br /> <br /> Small bites. This is really a great movie. My only regret is not seen in the theater where I think it would be much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
