ELEPHANT WALK may not be an act of literature or film, but it is a great fun in quasi-melodramatic fashion. It is a story of love, both real and illicit, as well as surprising ambitions, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. Earlier reviewer John Mankin asks why the main house of the film, a manor called the Elephant Walk, should be built by the former owner, the late Tom Wiley's "governor", through the traditional elephant's journey to the main source of water, the river. The missing point is basically the missing point of the whole center of the film: a human hubris. That his son played by Peter Finch, should be enchanted super image and the enigma of his revered father, is not unexpected, because the son was without a mother growing up in a foreign jungle with only his father and his father revolting "boys' club" as his role model. item father was that he was a self-proclaimed man to his taste abbreviated nature, and that desire was not only tea plantation on land that elephants sometimes dominated, but that would dominate a large bull elephant who led the herd, and so mastered his son and everything around him, so we joined the story after the elephants were denied critical dry season access their way to the water. Who would have known that the dry season will last as long as the elephants did in desperation to The Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is a giant island near Indian Coast, a place where you can find water, what do people do to gain power or love? where the plantation is located, and one learns quickly that it's a true scenery of the story, not just Miss Taylor's. It was not for this exotic place (much of the movie was shot in Ceylon), and the wonderful "bungalow" it would be just another potboiler. One has to recognize the atmosphere created here as an inseparable part of time and space because it illuminates today's day of wealth and power achieved by English immigrants "conquerors" who have become part of the British paradise. Only such wealth gained through the use of virtual slave labor can make man so beautiful a residence of ebony, teak and marble. They will not be overlooked by the beautifully carved Jalees (window grille and door edges) that are clear to the art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereiro and obviously cheaper work on the island. Such craftsmanship reveals a close attention to the details these men have sought. For those who are immune to the ingenuity of time, place and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor because he marries a man she know she is a quiet way stray another man, described to the background and shot dead the man deceased tyranny heritage. As I said, it is not a great literature or a great movie, but it's a great spectacle long before this term was devalued by the special extravagance of the day. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies seen on the giant screen of the outdoor unit, not on home television, so to arrange the largest screen to see it to fully realize its fine work with the camera and its range.
