Anime that attracted me to the anime ... <br /> <br /> In 2010 (hey, it's not too far!), The Earth is now a poison of pollution and violence. Seeing the crimes happening for 30 seconds and being committed by thieves who have the firepower of terrorists from the Third World, the government of the fictitious New Port City is forming the Tank Police to deal with this problem - cops with tanks! Oh, madness! The "heroes" of this series include the new recruiter Leona Ozaki, the red hair a Japanese woman (yeah, I know, never match their Japanese Japanese names with Japanese appearance) that has just been designed by the Tank Police and is quickly partner with blond, blue eyes pretty Al . Leona is a rookie in the use of tanks and, unfortunately, destroys a favorite tanker of Charles Britain (also known as Brenten), a big fellow who looks like Tom Selleck on steroids and sports a pair of great sunglasses, a big revolver and a bad mood. Britain did not like Leona to join the Tank Police, and its destruction, the Tiger Special, did not suit her, nor did she like to take the remnants of her giant tank and use it to build a mini-tank called Bonaparte; soon they push to push her to take care of the baby "where the boys are your size," as he does. There are also specifications, bifocal genius, Bible quotes / God is afraid of the Chaplain, the purple MO-hawked Mohican, and the pot shake the Chief who is right on the edge thanks to the mayor who always screamed on him about the police tank police. Seeing how tankers often destroy half of the city while pursuing bad guys and using extreme violence to capture them, people are not very popular. The "villains" are a cyborg named Buaku, which has a mysterious past that is associated with a project known as "Green Peace", his gang and his two sexy nomads cyborg Anna and Uni Puma. In the first installment, these boys are paid to steal urine samples from a hospital where people who have not been infected with poisonous gas clouds are treated, and in the latter case they are hired to steal a naked Buak image. The story, however, was not completed in the anime and was completed in a cult comic ("Manga") book, which is very difficult. <br /> <br /> All kinds of chaos and chaos appear in this black comic which examines how much people want their police to go to capture criminals and what happens when the fine line between good people and bad guys will begin to blur. This is the fact that if you wanted to shoot a movie, you'd better get Quentin Tarantino. Poor places, but still a lot of fun. Followed by "New Dominion: Tank Shelf".
