Scott Bartlett 'OffOn' is nine minutes of pure foolishness. It is a full-fledged attack on psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy-inducing flashing lights and colors, and the first true merger of film and video in cinematography. There's no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses nature pictures? especially human faces and forms? to carry out a series of emotional reactions and to incorporate these biological phenomena into a highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the union of mankind with its instruments, its machines and its technology. This theme is loosely linked to the HAL9000 subplot in Stanley Kubrick's "2001: Space Odyssey (1968)," and Bartlett's original sequence of images? flashing colors from the close human eye? reminds Dave Bowman's journey to Stargate. The visuals are richly colored, a confusing blend of crisp, vibrant photos and increasingly grainy video as if we were sitting too close to the TV screen (in fact the final product was recorded from a television monitor). <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the movie. IMDb features the film as a 1972 release, but the National Film Registry and the National Film Foundation preserve 1968 as the right year. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the completion of the film and the first public project. Either way, the visuals are clearly ahead of their time, occasionally reminiscent of a 1980s music video, and some energetic techno music would not fail! "OffOn" captures grainy, fragmented images representing life from a twisted perspective of a computer that processes too much information. I thought? and please, do not interfere with this discreet interpretation? that extraterrestrial civilization that captures Earth's television signals could well accept such an incoherent, alien documentation of human life, a bizarre set of only poorly-known images that could have no coherent meaning. Maybe it's a place where mankind, with all its technologies, is finally committed to the irreversible merging of film and video, purity and artistry.
