He is directed by Govind Nihalani, a certain Indian film cinematographer. It may be the first to portray the acute reality of corruption in police force and politics without being limited and how it affects a young cop. A man forced to enter a policeman's career by his father's cop. We agreed that we grew up and watched a lot of good Hindu policemen / bad policemen, but that's different. Today's generation, who grew up and watched dark and realistic films such as "Satya," "Society," can be considered an inferior product compared to looking at the time of its creation. The film was a full-blown tone at a time when people did not pay much attention to this type of cinema, and yet it became a sought-after police film in the classroom and the mass audience when he went. For Om Puri, he was his first breakthrough in traditional Hindu cinema and delivered performance as Inspector Velankar. It's more than just a police character that has internalized a lot, which is something original in acting. Watch his scenes with his father, whom he hates, and Smit whom he loves. Smita Patil has retained the dignity of her character at the expected level. My God, what the natural expressions carried! Shafi Inamdar was a real breakthrough for me, and he's a great actor if he gets a chance, and here in some scenarios he has overcome Om. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". It's another story that he did not get such a massive role today, and he's almost forgotten today as one of the vocal dwarfs from the Dharmendra class action movies. Look at the scene where Om 1 becomes rebellious for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and the other two are sharing wine. How the inner truth began to reveal to both characters with confrontational feelings of love and hatred towards each other. Two faces of Indian police force - masculinity and impotence and between lies - half true (ardh satya) - Kudos to Nihalanine touch. The film won 2 national awards as the best Hindu feature film and best actor - Om Puri & 3 Filmfare for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actor. <br /> <br /> We recommend all those who are interested in the nostalgia of serious Hindu films. <br /> <br /> Rating - 8/10
