"Ardh Satya" is one of the best movies in Indian cinema. Directed by great director Govinda Nihalani, this is the most successful film Hard Hitting Parallel Cinema, which also proved to be a commercial success. Even today, Ardh Satya is the inspiration for all India's leaders. The film tells the true story of the 70-year-old Bombay police. Unlike any police in other cities in India, the Mumbai police have a completely different system. Govind Nihalani creates a very practical approach to the environment of the Mumbai police environment. Between various police officers and colleagues, the film describes the story of Anand Velankar, a young hot-blooded policeman from a poor family. His father is a harsh policeman. Anand himself suffers from fathers' ideologies and maternal atrocities. Anand's approach to immediate action against crime is an inert desire for his own satisfaction with Job. The film rotates here in Plot, where Ananda's constant attempts to crime trample his seniors. This leads to frustration because it can not achieve the desired job. As a result of frustration, his anger is expressed by excessive violence in villas and colors, which also makes him an alcoholic. The spirit in him is still alive because he is constantly fighting the system. He understands the metro system where police and politicians are inert to the distant end. His compromise against unethical practice is negative. Finally, it is suspended. Direction is a master piece and a hard core. One of the best memorable scenes is when Anand falls apart in Ramsey Shetty's underworld gangster house to be arrested, followed by a short conversation that's fantastic. In many scenes, the film has moments for hair breeding. A practical approach to Scripture is an important Punch. Alcoholism, corruption, political influence, courage, deception are an integral part of the Bombay police today. These aspects are perfectly solved. Finally, the movies belong to one show One person who O Puri shows Anand Velankar absolutely brilliantly goes through all his emotions.
