The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is for a movie that is trying to overcome its uber-conventional sphere. This is a picture of yakuza / triad, which includes police officers and Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in the first technical debut, Takashi Miike already produces many aspects of the films he would make from this moment. Social issues such as black trading in expensive items, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and its roots, which was particularly widespread in Dead or Alive 2; perception of tobacco as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; bloody violence. It's definitely not as unreal as some of Miike's latest movies, but it's because they're trying to get things that are just starting to learn after recording directly to video programmers. It has all these qualities and, just like the movies that come out of it, equally wild and hearty, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its tracks and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story relates to two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriyu (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an anti-hero / Eastwood-esquire hero) who became a detective and others who became a gangster -I'm one. The main arc of the likely takeover comes from Wang (a certain play on what the gang represents during his free time playing Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with real horror in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who even threatens repeatedly command again and again to a woman who just struck the eye after a crunchy deal), who are a ruthless species to appear almost ecologically in Miike. There are some intrigues about the organ trafficking scheme with gangsters that Kiriya almost becomes a victim of, and the gang's hobby for homosexual sex - at least one little puppet that does anything to the main gangster. It all leads to vengeance and redemption, the qualities that Miike and his writer attempt to imitate from Shakespeare (for this reason Macbeth a bit with Wang empties his bloody hanging over and over again after some homosexual sex says "it will not look"). <br /> <br /> If it does not contribute to the same emotional level of impact that Shakespeare's big punch would have, it's similar to a movie. Miike's goals are fulfilled, even though they have just met, in his low ambitions: a gangster image with some added levels of harsh family troubles (the main tension between brothers is based on the profession and duty of parents), notes on the more cruel aspects of the underworld crime, and what the empire of an inferior sex, with both sexes, will lead the figure from a psychological point of view. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of the classic black-and-black comedy from Miike. Some of them just have to take with the grain of salt for what the director does in his affliction, like a bit in the beginning with a chair breaking over his face or the randomness of "interrogation" when it goes into a very twisted area. A young sexual slave even laughs when he has done one of the bosses' actions: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough to shoot a dark dark comedy such as Ichi or, of course, a Q visitor, but it's enough to bring the story and characters into somewhat darker aspects. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> As the first record of the 'Black Society' trilogy, as it is called, I was quite impressed, and it's a great quasi-calling card from one of the most precious new artists in the current cinema.
