I'm not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the horror genre because he was just directing a horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and actually was just slightly above the average, but the reality is that with the "Right to Die" one of the best and worst episodes of the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" series. In the first season, a similar clumsy story appeared when William Malone became one of the best episodes of "The Fair Hair Haired Child," while his other long feature films, "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill," Story "The Right to Die "cleverly chooses today's ongoing social debate about euthanasia, but fortunately it also features several old-fashioned horror themes such as spooky revenge, murderous plot, mixed black humor, and comic book styles of violence. While driving home late one night and discussing the continued adultery of a husband, a few Addison is involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the wreck unharmed, but his wife Abby is fully burned and must be artificially kept alive. While Cliff and his dirty lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug a plug on her and sue the car designer, Abbey's mom prepares a huge media campaign to keep his daughter alive as a bunch and blame on Cliff everything. Meanwhile, Abbey's hate spirit returns for vengeance and kills someone in Cliff's neighborhood whenever he has a near-fatal experience with medical devices. After several sacrifices, Cliff realizes that it may be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive as well. "The Right to Die" is an amazing episode, and exactly the kind of thing I've always hoped to see from the concept of television series like "Masters of Horror". It's violent and cruel with a sick and twisted sense of humor and lots of dirty sequences. The subject of euthanasia and the entire obligatory media circus that surrounds them is very well done in the script without unnecessarily returning to political opinions or the lesson of morality. The atmosphere is exciting and the sequence of killing is rightly ugly and disturbing. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have a huge face and impressively sensual racks, which is always a welcome addition, and Corbin Bernsen is eventually offered the opportunity to re-imagine the crazy and egocentric bastard. Great episode "MoH"; definitely one of the summits of both years.
