Masters of Horror: The right to die begins late at night while the married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) are at home, but when they talk Cliff is scattered and they hit a tree that fell across the road. Cliff's airbag works well and leaves with minor injuries, unfortunately because of Abby she did not, and she ended up as a toast when she was thrown out of the car and spattered in gasoline that lit the body. Abby's life is saved. She is taken to a hospital where she lives seriously injured and severely disfigured from burns. Cliff decides to die and his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks she should let Abby die, sue the carmaker and get rich while Abby Mom (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby . However Abby has other own plans ... This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was before Wrong Turn (2003), which on his own barely qualifies him driven by the episode Masters of Horror) and was episode 9 of season 2 the Masters of Horror TV series, while I did not think Right to Die is the best episode of Masters of Horror I've seen, I thought it was quite a decent effort the same thing, and it's still getting as bad as The Screwfly Solution 2006). The John Esposito scenario has a pure central idea that is nothing new, but it uses it efficiently, although I would say it's a bit uneven, the first 15 minutes focuses on the horror element of the story, but then goes to rest for 20 minutes because drama becomes a legal quarrel about Abby's life, and Cliff's affair has to be on the middle stage before it returns to the track with a deliciously cruel and twisted peak that may not be for the weak heart. The characters are a bit of a cliché, a weak man, a bent lawyer, a protective mum and a young cake who has sex to get what he wants but they all serve their purpose well, dialogue is fine, the story moves at a nice pace, and overall loved the right to die a few minutes from there, and where it loses, it's a focus a little & I was not so interested in the ambiguous ending. Director Schmidt does a good job & there are some effective scenes, trying to alternate between low key spooky atmosphere and out-and-out blood and gore. There are some fantastic special makeup effects as usual, there are Abby's shots where she had all the skin burned out of her body and the image of her bandaged head with teeth shows because she has no lips on the left is pretty rough (pictures & make-up effects, which reminds me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its sequel), then is the main run at the end where Cliff literally skins someone supplemented by close-ups of scalpels cutting the skin open & peeling off his muscles and putting him in a cooler box! Very messy. Various different body parts are also available. There is also nudity with at least two pretty ladies who get naked ... Technically right dying is great, special effects are brilliant and like most episodes of Masters of Horror it does not look like a cheap made-for-TV show, which basically if the truth says he is. The acting was fine, but there are no big names in this. The right to die is another fun and somewhat twisted episode, Masters of Horror, which most horror fans should definitely check if not just for the amazing skin scene! It's a lot worth watching ... for those with your stomach.
