Stargate SG-1 tracks and expands the Egyptian mythology presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, people were enslaved and transported to the planets of the Goa'uld, such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld has reaped humanity, heavily influenced and spread human cultures. As a result, Earth cultures such as the Aztecs, Mayans, Britons, Norwegians, Mongols, Greeks, and Romans are found on all known residential planets of the galaxy. Many well-known mythical sites, such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis, are found or exist at one and the same time. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, the Earth's Stargate (found on a hill near Giza in 1928) is the most secret US military base known as the Command Stargate (SGC) under Cheyenne Mountain. Around Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) assemble the original SG-1 team (a few characters will join and / or later). Together with 24 other SG teams, they travel to distant planets exploring the galaxy to find defense of Goa'uld, in the form of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. The parasitic Goa'uld use advanced technology to fall as Egyptian gods and bow to galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, merciless extraterrestrial parasites that are capable of attacking and controlling bodies of other species, including humans. The original arch-enemy of this race was Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other systemic lords, such as Baal and Anubis, play a pivotal role in later periods. In the ninth season a new villain Ori will appear. Whether they are advanced beings with an indisputable technology from another galaxy, they also rely on galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Oriu is accompanied by a departure from the primary focus on Egyptian mythology to explore the Arthurian mythology surrounding the Ori, their followers, and their enemies - the Ancients.
