A man and his wife get into a terrible road accident. When a woman remains in a permanent vegetative state, she has to choose between pulling the plug and letting her live. The decision is even harder to realize that her spirit wants to take revenge on him and you around him. This comes with us from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a film I have not seen). With the only horror film under his belt and not particularly notorious, I was a bit reluctant to watch this episode, and I expect Schmidt to be a "master of horror" in the most liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. From episode 10 in season 13 episodes, it was actually the best. <br /> <br /> The question of "the right to die" is addressed and covered in sufficient detail to be a solid fence. But that's just the basis on which the story revolves. Once horror elements appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great actress, great plot, great dialogue, great tension. I was a bit exhausted sometimes (which is good) and the most: gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before watching, where the reviewer said there was a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. During the first part I did not know what she was talking about. Then it is a bit later, where some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". Nevertheless, I do not mean to say that it has taken off the film. I see no other way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion it looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". Some plotters appear later and may prompt the viewer to give the film a second look. I did not see it for the second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that it was confused). Subplot with dental hygienist is also nice and I found out whether it's about whether I like the main character for her relationship with her or if I felt bad about her. It's somewhat anti-hero to the whole story, if so. I feel inclined to feel like a protagonist, but it is totally unbearable. While Stuart Gordon's episode may be better and I'm thrilled with the episode "Washingtonians," I think I could safely bet it's a key episode of the season and by far saving the mercy of what was otherwise unpleasant and routine. When legends like John Carpenter left me (again), I'll be a bit worried about the future genre, but then there comes a fresh face like Rob Schmidt and it gives me hope. This is the goalkeeper and bring Schmidt back to Season 3!
