Fans of the HBO series "Tales From the Crypt" will love this episode of the MOH. Those who know the basic archetypal stories on which most of the classic EC comics are based will recognize this role directly from the bat. <br /> <br /> Undefeated Indian favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the script for APARTMENT ZERO and DEATH BECOMES HER) is the type of person whose every good look can go either way. He could play really nice, though poorly understood guy next to each other, or he could play the same role with a terrible undertone of stomach nausea. In the case of the REAL WORK, the second approach is taken and it definitely works. Donovan is a doctor who recently had a matter with his decent office receptionist (Robin Sydney), a lot of dissatisfaction with his unbearable wife, Abbey (Julia Anderson). When both of them are involved in a terrible accident when returning from an unsuccessful weekend of "fabrication," and she is terribly burnt in the fire, she reluctantly pulls her out of the plug, even without excitement from her even mixed lawyer and best friend (Corbin Bernsen, looks worse than he is dressing today). But Abbey was never the only one who moved away without fighting, and there comes the EC-theme episode. Spouses - and wives - are always a favorite genre for some scary (and OOKY) supernatural shenanigans, and this case is certainly no exception. If something happens, an enlarged quotient of sex and gore must have Bill Gaines, who somewhere in his mausoleum. Not to mention that the original John Esposito script only gives a slight twist to the adulteration angle. You do not realize when you watch that you only know half the story, until the end ... (you think CO LIES BENEATH with more guts and gazongas, and you are there) <br /> <br /> It's not a bad effort but nor the best of the lot. At the very least, Rob Schmidt illustrates how he or she is making a way here, especially in the scene, which makes the cell phone a picture messenger a really scary experience! As with most episodes of the MOH, this is the prevailing theme of this season of flaying and decay, so it is extremely pleasing not to pay.
