It's amazing that a whole franchise can grow from a good, though not fabulous, film that has returned back in the early 1990s. 'Stargate; SG1 is undoubtedly a good addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to become a "Star Trek" as a science fiction king. from the 1994 Stargate feature film, this series sees the Stargate headquarters (military / scientific organization), which finds that the stargate system can be used to travel to different planets across the galaxy, and the army is building a number of teams to explore. SG1 is one such team led by Military Veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill and includes archeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and extraterrestrial Teal'ca who betrayed his leader overhead in the hope of one day liberating his people. The country is rapidly becoming an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as a host, and they think they are the gods. <br /> <br /> Top-notch cast has a lot of congratulations for it, life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as a cynical and sarcastic O'Neill that can move from boy to dead. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings the heart and will of character steel that has grown from blindness with broad eyes to darker and tougher, as it turned out. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has improved the balance between displaying the femininity of her character without including the fact that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as a lightweight Teal'c, who is able to portray emotionally with character. And Don S Davis is perfect as a renowned General Hammond who leads with a good balance of justice and fortress. Almost all episodes are intertwined and depicted by intelligence, reflecting moral dilemmas, as well as friction between military interests and civilian beliefs (often the arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). The host characters are carefully drawn and the story arcs are processed in a way that does not lead the audience. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's wise-crackers to episodes that are just crazy and weird! The SG1 has everything from action to drama to romance to disturb the heart-breaking death scene. It's not just a great science fiction show, but it's an overall great show.
