I took a flyer for renting this movie, but I have to say it was very, very good. On all fronts: scenario, cast, directing, photography, and high production values, etc. Evidence that Eva Longoria Parker is the head and shoulders of rom / com over bad actors such as Kate Hudson and Jennifer Aniston. Who will pay for it? Parker and Isla Fisher are in this class on their own and should try to withstand projects as good as "Over her dead body". Lake Bell is also great, and this is the first time I've seen her. And finally, Paul Rudd gets into a really good film instead of smaller films. Such a film never gets its rewards from close men. It's too bad. As other IMDb commentators have noted here, there is nothing stupid about this gem - it's not writing or playing. <br /> <br /> And his display of the contemporary L.A. and California generally make each scene clear, beautiful, clean and otherwise exceptional. Never before was a movie that would look so good. Oh, what little talent and a lot of care can do for the movie. <br /> <br /> I will not give the conspiracy, but as a long-standing and tough atheist I was willing to stop disbelieving and buying a supernatural theme to enjoy excellent and reckless entertainment. This reminds me of the old "Topper" films, which were also fun. The film reveals popular films like "Spirit" that were otherwise crumpled, for average and overly sentimental bullshit. they are. We already know that the public taste has leaned strongly toward the average. But some of us save their praise as truly good. If you enjoyed other overlooked gems like "Into the Night" with Michelle Pfeiffer, Jeff Goldblum and Clu Gulager, "Blind Date" with Bruce Willis and Kim Basinger, "American Dreamer" with JoBeth Williams, "Chance Are" with Robert Downey Jr Christopher McDonald and Cybele Sheppard, "Make Mr. Right" with John Malkovich, etc. <br /> <br /> The most important task in the world (although it is hard to believe that a native can pretend to be gay for more than five years. ) But also that the plotting apparatus does not damage the film's overall perfection.
