Tim Krabbe is a praise writer of the book "Het Gouden Ei", which was twice on screen ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the newer works of the Dutch writer is "De Grot," a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, meeting in a youth camp and surprisingly becoming friends for a dear life. Egon is a quiet, rather boring person who spends his time studying and writing geographic books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party-animal," a heavy, stupid criminal whose everyday worries are to get a woman into his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while his other envy because he has a good life without doing anything (for example, reading thick books like Egon); eventually Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices himself, leading to the lethal transport of drugs in a remote Asian country. After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, this book has a particularly complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the conspiracy becomes a jigsaw puzzle: many episodes are not presented chronologically, so two consecutive scenes are seldom in the same episode. For this reason, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know the character's background to really care for him. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters Egon and Axel are a bit stereotypical. Egon is a "boring intellectual, while Axel is his exact opposite." In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist, in books and movies they always seem to be dignified, but the film was a pleasant surprise that was much better than This adaptation excels in his beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can forget you are acting (which, in my opinion, is the supreme actor). at the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying, guess who wrote the script, actually Krabbe himself, it's obvious that this talented director (that's what the film does as well) is hampered Koolhoven may have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
