RUMORS is an unforgettable record in the war series of instructional cartoons that play "Private Snafu". These films were aimed at soldiers and were controlled, animated and scored by some of the top talents of Warner Bros. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. Invaluable Mel Blanc delivered the voice of Snafu, and the stories and rhyming storytelling for many films was delivered by Theodor Geisel, Seuss. The aim was to pass the basic concepts of humor and living images, using the character of Snafu as a perfect negative example: it was a drug, a little oppression that would do everything you should not do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by the Pentagon officials, but military brass also allowed animators an unusual amount of freedom about language and crazy jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of time allowed - all for the better, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this cartoon is an example of damaging the power of reputation. The setting is an army camp. Private Snafu sits beside another soldier in the latrine (something you do not see in any other Hollywood film of the time) and their informal conversation starts the ball. We observe how unnecessary the comment is that the bombardment is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then turned into an ever more frightening reputation that swept the camp. The images are really alive: the brain of an anxious soldier is portrayed as a percolating pot, while the feverish speech of the other is depicted as a brown hot air, ie "Balloon juice". The soldier "shoots his mouth," the cannon and before you know that the real balloon flies in all directions. Wings with wings. Panic soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge was sputtered, Coney Island was destroyed, enemy troops landed on the White House lawn and the Japanese are in California. Visualization is becoming more and more unreal and profound, until that time the camp is quarantined for "Rumor-itis," and private Snafu was blocked in a padded cell. This is a highly efficient job. Movie makers have dramatized their theme with joke and surprising energy, and the report is still valid. In recent years, we've seen that catastrophic events (real or supposed) can multiply all kinds of wild replicas that are spreading faster than ever before thanks to communication advances. Because technology has improved, Snafus privacy of our time is able to send our own balloon juice through e-mail, mobile phones and blogging. As a result, RUMORS is a rare example of a military education film whose basic message does not feel at all; in fact it may be earlier than ever.
