A Strong Woman Focused on a Theme After a Long Time by Director Krsna Vamsi Shakti - The Power, Although the version of the Hollywood hit Not Without My Daughter is the actress of Sridevi's first home production. The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon marries. Their family is complete when Nandini has a guy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short because reports from Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) leave them with their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And just when problems start. From the moment they get to India, they are both shocked to see pollution and huge numbers of people everywhere. They arrive by train to the village of Shekhar, and when they arrive at the station, they have to get to the village with a long bus. A dirty sweaty bus combination with uncertain terrain makes it an endless journey. And unfortunately for them, a frantic crowd that defeated Shekhara without any kind of mistakes when he attacked their bus. Fortunately, they are shot dead just before they can hurt. He then heads to hand over Havel, where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-chief, as soon as she came in, but her only comfort was the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Lives there, Nandini learns about his father-in-laws of tyrannical behavior, and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him. On the day she sees her father-in-law, she teaches her son to throw a bomb, loses her and stands against him, and insists on Shekhar returning to Canada. But terrorism will hit once again when Shekhar is murdered one day, and so he falls apart with Nandini himself and his son in this strange land where his cruel father-in-law suffers. Her struggle against this man who saved his son is the culmination of this emotional film that rotates with the heart. What separates Shakti from most of the films that are burning late is also the rural environment of the film. The only downside is the music of Ismail Darbar, who does not succeed in the script. The only merciful grace is the sexy number of the item Ishq Kameen, which was composed by Anu Malik. The next step for the director comes because he has chosen some of his performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and moves like a helpless mother. She will definitely win the awards for this heated view. The second is an actor Nana Patekar who returned with this film. His awkward ways adapted his grip and he again showed his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a surprising package of film with a sincere and effective image that stands against other players. Deepti Naval is also in peak form and its Pr-climax with Nana is commendable. Shahruk's portrait provides lighter moments and is sure to be drawn to get the star value. Although his role was not really necessary, he did it well. Overall, Shakti is a much better film than most of them have blown out and Pr-release hype is certainly enough. Shakti is sure to get criticism and audiences come across. So what if the film has to be desperately decorated with at least two discs for better impact. Shakti still has the strength to continue without problems!
