The beauty of this film testifies to a great display of the power of maternal love, exceptional performances, constant execution and a completely innovative scenario. The film tells the story of an Indian woman named Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and a young child of Raja. Suddenly, her husband informed her that his family in India (which he did not even know) was in trouble, and a couple were immersed in India. When they get to the village, Nanadini is shocked and appalled that he is witnessing a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, ruled by his cruel, highly cynical and ruthless father Narasimha, lives in a poor and highly violent lifestyle that is full of murder and terror and where women are submissive and helpless. Nandini begins to taint Shekhara to come home, but his father's enemies soon kill him. When he wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let Raju back to India. Here begins an intense fight, which can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". India is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film, but only shows a very small minority of its rural areas, so it may even be right. In my view, the image is fair and not unilateral, because the positive side is also presented to a certain extent. Such a terrible look might appear in a movie about any country in the world. The location is amazing, the music is amazing, and Krishna Vamshi's direction is aided by very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing to note is the very nice backdrop that Ismail Darbar gained is beautiful. The characters are very well defined, even though we see their two bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. Realistically portrayed throughout the film, the film flows well and is an interesting and quite fun watch. His dialogues are excellent and intelligently written, and although shocking behavior can be very disturbing at some points, many positive moments can ease tensions. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film is performance. Karisma Kapoor is fascinating and very faithful to Nandini. Her ability to find a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotions is simply incredible. It shows so much intensity, impulsiveness, anxiety and determination as the mother who wants to return her son back that this little baby looks like her own son. Its outbreak, when faced with Nana Patekar and which are like a volcanic eruption, shows us how the simplest of women can become a tiger when it comes to her baby. After Fize, it's her most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors of Indian cinema has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable like Narasimha. He's going to be hateful, while Narasimha is admirable as an actor who plays him. Patekar with cruelty, humor, and even humanity with complete conviction. It's great. Another great performance comes unexpectedly from the most underestimated Indian actress Deepti Naval, who sensitively encourages her character. Sanjay Kapoor is adequate and Shahrukh Khan provides comic relief. Anyway, look at Shakti - it could be better, but it definitely has to be a watch.
