If a movie excels with extreme acting skills, it's probably the one. I have never seen the dialogue so brutally but have a strong feeling. The film was worrying at the moment. However, the movie was horrific when editing. The film tries to go commercially by adding comedy and songs, yet it feels out of place. Just as Karisma rises and at the same time the SRK fights (comically) with the police. The Ishq Kamina song was out of place. In addition, the film is very glossy at first. The direction was not bad, but we can not boast anything. I have to say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would have no effect. Karisma Kapoorova has given her the best role today, and it looks very good on her recording of Zubeida and Fize. She looks pretty in the first half, and I've never seen an actress who, like her, scared emotions and anger. What is more ironic is probably its weakest written writing role. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. He has not much to say about him, except for him. Deepti Naval as a maiden was excellent especially in the finals. Although she has little to say, her expressions in her face and body language were good. The second good performance was a small child. It was adorable and surely brings the eyes to the audience. The movie was apparently desperate to save their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was useless in his bad piano role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the audience was Ishq Kamina. The song picturization and dancing is ideal for rough lyrics. And the boy Aish is crazy. But the song belonged to another film just because it came at the worst moment. People may have come to Aisha, but they will not boast too much after leaving. Hum Tum Miley was right, but it seemed to stretch because she left the mood throughout the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and he had nothing. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring to play to get the movie's mood. In spite of poor editing, performance itself makes it necessary to see it.
