Seeing this movie was the most fun I had in the cinema for a long time. However, I am not able to say whether it is a good or bad movie because such a simple qualification simply can not be used. This movie has everything a movie could ever have. It has the character of romantic comedy, political commentary, thriller, drama, action film, musical and absurd artistic film. It's all there, complete with a myth. The basic assumption is the Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), happily living in Canada, who rush to India to visit their husband's parents after a disturbing message. The rest of the story takes place in India, where a couple find themselves in the middle of a conspiracy of brotherly violence. At one point, the story is borrowed from the book "Not Without My Child," but call Shakti that a remake of anything would be injustice. The ostentatious story line has a rear seat for a series of surprising breaks, including the dream of Shah Rukh Khan about Aishwarya Rai, which comes from another movie. In fact, there are two stars on all posters, but it's really late in the movie and only Shah Rukh is a true figure. Still, it takes care of it with a tense and really unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most work in this film, and he does an admirable job because he has to combine the shit of the movie and turn around with a show of believable emotions. Another significant presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimh, the tyrant husband of Shekhara's husband. Nana Patekar controls every scene that has a spooky but nuanced character. The film is not without a share of realism. Violence is uncontrollable, but really disturbing about the abuse that most female figures have received, with Karishma, who has come to fight on many occasions. Sometimes this violence is clearly troubling, but eventually it becomes unreal, because every dramatic succession is usually followed by such comical and spectacular turns that the overall effect is nothing but pure. the release and mixing of genres and incredible fence schedules are certainly their norm. But "Shakti" lifts the rod by absorbing an even bigger mass without becoming ridiculous. It is a film that achieves the grandeur of the Shakespearean tragedy, where the audience of fools and kings have the same fun. It's a clean, free movie and director Krishna Vamsi had a dream of good time by throwing every trick in the book. Perhaps the ubiquitous message of violent violence and the inspirational range of maternal love was not the thoughts I thought, but I came out of watching the "Sakti" excited. Making movies can be the most amazing in the world!
