Unbalanced Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who takes a boyfriend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a baby and then visits her family in India just to find they are terrorist warriors. Drama and tragedy follow, and the movie becomes the second thriller in the NOT BEEN MY BABY style. The film is convincing, little songs / dance numbers are uninteresting and unnecessary, the deity of Bollywood songs and dances is really out of character for the intensity of the dramatic path of this film, at least after we have left the soothing boundaries of our Canadian lion? though one number involving the stunning Aishwarya Rai portal is pleasantly provocative if it is eventually also failed. Likewise, integrating Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy runner who helps Kapoor escape the warrior's connections will change what was a very serious course into a stupid farce and only return to his feet when his character? and his fantasies about Rai that generate her dancing dance? are excluded. His determined dialogue with comic books and the stupidity of his battle scenes postpones the primary grasp of the drama of the film. The cast is well supported by Nana Patekarová as a warrior and elegant Deepti Naval, who is excellent as his long-standing woman who eventually decided to stand against him in one of the best scenes of the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay sisters in India and very nice eye candies. Sanjay himself, however, is surprised, especially during obvious ad libs. Director style of writer / director Krishna Wamsi is messy, uncontrollable with rough transitions and sudden cuts, even though his camera motion is good. The musical underscore is also relatively effective, moody, with a small orchestral shape (which is too bad if it happened on the SHAKTI soundtrack), but Bollywood has not yet achieved the score of the score along with the tracks of their soundtrack, at least not in most cases. But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, but the whole way and intensity of her performance as the film moves into India contrasts with the delicate romance she has engaged with Sanjay in the original Canadian scenes. Despite the unevenness of much of the picture, the performance of Karisma completely sells the film and consolidates its otherwise inconsistent measures. I was also strangely struck by the story, which was another shot about the royal rights ostentatiation I noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of which I have seen before, although SHAKTI is of course a different kind of film; but focusing on the dysfunctional royal family? is living here in the economy of poverty-controlled terror in India rather than the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of feudal China's Tang Dynasty? whose self-service effort of power brings destruction to many others and forces the rebellion of one or the other, gives the film a remarkable subtext.
