On Sunday July 27, 1997, the first episode of the new Sci-Fi series Stargate SG-1 was released on Showtime. The breakdown and sequel to 1994's Stargate, starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, begins a series of roughly a year after the events shown in the film. During ten seasons, she has seen the adventures and misfortunes of a clumsy team of explorers known as SG-1. Originally played by Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis Major General George S. Hammond. We have been watching for ten long years fighting the Goa'uld, replicators, Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they joined Asgar, Tok'ra, Jaffa, Nox and Tollan. They have saved the world more than eight times over the years, and have never surrendered until they have declared them. And sometimes not even so. <br /> <br /> As with all the long-running series, there have been numerous changes. Michael Shanks left the show in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. Daniel's successor as a resident archeologist / geek of the team was Jonas Quinn, an alien from Kelowna on the planet Langara played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he took only one other guest and his character was rarely mentioned. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 when he felt it was time to go. The original star of the show and probably the most popular actor Richard Dean Anderson played in the series during the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was noticeably lower than in previous seasons. He eventually left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, to be sure, I have never enjoyed the last two seasons, just like I've done earlier episodes for that reason. The ninth season was a new era of the program. With the departure of their lead actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and replicators in season eight, many fans felt the series should go high. The series continued for two more years, and Ori replaced the Goa'uld as the main adversary. Three new characters were brought in to fill the gap as it was and help create this new invention. Ben Browder came as a pilot from the South Air Force Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new SG-1 leader. His star "Farscape," beautiful Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as a lively, sexy, cheerful and certainly extrovert Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and a painter from another planet. A regular guest star during the eighth and ninth year joined the full-time cast at the beginning of the tenth and final seasons. Rounding out was the legendary Beau Bridges as Major-General Hank Landry, the new SGC commander and old friend Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have played alongside "SG-1" believers (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have become valuable parts and contributed an equally valuable contribution to the French Stargate club. <br /> <br /> All the good things have to end. During the initial broadcast of the first few episodes of Season Ten, ratings have dropped considerably, resulting in the cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, what began with "The Children of Gods" ended with "infinite". The final series made the world premiere on Sky One in Britain and Ireland before it was released on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. During the ten years of air racing, it has accumulated legions of fans and even shaken a series of sci-fi "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second longest sci-fi series in the world, second only to Doctor Who (1963-1989) and the longest American sci-fi series that surpassed The X Files several months before it was over. "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, his success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series called "Stargate Atlantis," which was unfortunately canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although the plans for another feature film fell, two direct-DVD movies "Stargate : The Arch of Truth "and" Stargate Continuum "were released in 2008 and others are planned for a not too distant future. The third live-action series, "Stargate Universe," is also due to the premiere at some point next year. (It was, unfortunately, animated "Stargate Infinity", which ran only from 2002 to 2003, but the less it said, the better). Over the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuing series, the future "Stargate" looks very clear. <br /> <br /> Finally, while Stargate does not yet have the same degree of popular recognition as other major science fiction television franchises such as Star Trek and Doctor Who, which is still relatively new compared to these two sci-fi giants and I'm convinced it will take a lot, come.
