When a wealthy tycoon is killed in an airplane crash, his twin sister, Martina Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe he has caught a suicide diving control (even though his family runs a self-service shop), but his three beautiful daughters could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), works for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who will soon take her to help control her estate from her troubled nurse Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he does not resist rescuing another sister, Nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are topsy when Norton falls for her prey. All bets are turned off as a world of pain - including corporate bullying, seduction, suicide, extortion, murder, Mann law, double crib, disgrace and poetic justice - "Craig Manor", an imposing bluff lock overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> <br /> This absurd diver would be a perfect second feature for WRITERS, also from 1956. Douglas Sirk's saga of a powerful (and heavily dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the night TV series DALLAS in the 1980s but Craig's madness seems to be from the sinister sister's DYNASTY soap. All three siblings (just one of them are really bad) are great beauties, but it's a cartoon Kathleen Hughes that excels. Valerie is tireless in her efforts to inherit family happiness and her unwavering enthusiasm for the evil is one of the many vindictive pleasures of the film. The teenage sister Vicki is more of a work reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood at THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, he pulls out of trying to sit in Norton's lap while still standing when he joins him with the line "I've graduated from summaries cum of Embraceable U." Whit! <br /> <br /> Three crazy nurses, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, are amazing waste in the exploitation of surplus and cast is B-film heaven: Marla "she creature" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge of Creation" Bromfield married to French sexpot Corinne Calvet), Universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "Coming From Space" Hughes and former silent screen star Madge Kennedy will give all that he has - little is it. Future star Eurotrashu Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE APOCALIPSE) is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) has created wonderful movies! Three crazy sisters were recently seen on the big screen at the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival, but the jury still wipes soapy foam from ... well, that's noir (5/10 on Novomir).
