Most people who are following Audrey Taute films did not find that Amelie is a character - in fact, she is not a true personality of Audrey Tautou, so any film she's involved in will not be Amelie Part 2, Part 3, etc. <br /> < br /> Now I've said that I also picked up this movie just because Audrey was in it. Yes, it is true, there is a big gap after the first scene where it is not even seen for about 45 minutes, but I did not even miss it because I had so much fun with the other characters. The boy who lied about everything is too entertaining, the person who apologizes to people who run out of their cafe and omit their bill when they find coupons and those that offset the loss actually ... get into all the characters here for some time , but this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The figure of Audrey Tautou Irene is not the exaggerated sweet girl Amelie was. In fact, like Irene, her roughness to the swamp that asked for change, first grabbed me. In this film, Irene is a girl with good intentions, but during her (very awful) day her disposition becomes more and worst and more pessimistic. What makes this movie absolutely great, you have all the really interesting stories and constructions ... very fun to watch, great scenery and shots, very colorful and never too slow and all the characters can really work. The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes to the left ... that's when all the plots begin to touch together and the ride really rises and everything comes together and makes sense and the whole effect of the butterfly flowers. I swear it was the best 20 minutes of the movies I've seen at some time and the end ... It made me think "I was really damn happy looking for the movie." The end of this movie is top-notch. Anyone who wrote this script is great because not only do all the other subplots do, but how it all connects together (and in a sensible way, which is the case here), but also that each of them feels human and a revival, not just some obsolete personality that is used as a crutch to create this whole butterfly effect ... very impressive. I highly recommend this movie because it is a great movie that can be watched at any time. in any mood, with any company or yourself.
