Being a giant fan, I saw that Yeti was an absolute necessity, especially after hearing so much. Thanks to the good ol bootleg market, I was able to find a copy quite easily, and I was happy to be surprised to see that this movie is really courageous, I say, decent. Dignified for it, in fact, and a coveted giant-monster flick. It starts pretty fast, because Yeti suddenly finds us right away and we get to know different characters. They consist of some dirty, good ones and a girl who is to a large extent one of the most strikingly beautiful girls in any science fiction film. <br /> <br /> Yeti looks like a long-coded guy from the original Woodstock concert, and really, it's not that bad, especially after he was introduced to the world with some funky cage. Godzilla is not - in spite of his gross awakening he will not even die (he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture), but looks a little confused when he tries to think things out. Yeti seems to understand English fairly nicely (my copy was dubbed in English) and he knows who are good guys and bad guys. However, we want to see the giant Yeti do his thing, and he's almost in the movie, and in typical low-budget mode it looks like he's changing the size depending on the scene and there's even a lot of "fake feet" of shots he's standing at. <br /> <br /> Yes, special effects are not the greatest, but there are certainly some good ones here. The scene in which the Yeti breaks down the warehouse is very good, and in others it uses the windows of the building as the "ladder stairs" that descend from the top - breaking every leg window and often the shocking resident inside - in a sequence that really looks much better than he would have in such a "bad" movie. Yeti will never stop as low as they say: "APE" does. In fact, the only time that real stupidity is near is that a beautiful girl causes Yeti's nipple to stand up and he'll raise his eyebrows in "oh yeah baby" way. But even that is not so bad and laughing a little wildly. The film is long enough for such things, but surprisingly it is not boring - the story is really good and just watching this absolutely amazing actress on the screen makes any viewer happy. "Yeti" may not be on the top floor of giant fantastic monsters, but is definitely better than other King Kong '76 rip-offs like "APE" and "Queen Kong" very far.
