Most of the Yeti images are undermined by a heap of energy and enthusiasm. It is not so brilliantly bent, muddy and berserk, which is hidden in Italy and is happening in Italy: it is a wildly mature and energetically sad scary miracle that achieves a wonderful apotheosis fairly exaggerated "what the hell is going on?" The supernatural market and infertility. The Freight Boat fleet will discover a 30-foot Yeti body that resembles a hairy 70th disco stud (complete with jumbo wavy afro) perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. She separated the beast from the beast, returned it to electric life, roughly treated him poorly, and kept the poor, hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabin. Before you say, "Hey, the creators are probably kicking the King of Congo," "our titanic hideous murderous murder is released from her cage, grabs the first salty blond Euro Vixen (wonderful Pheonix Grant) storm away with a new love. Yeti finds himself again and departs for Toronto to show off to the geeking audience. Of course he's going to break up again, he's collecting the sticks and continuing the expected stomping around the city. <br /> <br /> A very silly dialogue (sample: "Philosophy does not have a place in science, professor"), harsh (far from) special effects (horrible translucent blue screens and coarse miniature tokens are especially exciting in their profound dizziness) , a clumsy (poor) direction, and a modest script that even tries to be clumsily honest, "Is Jee human or animal?" ethical debate joins together to create one of the most beautiful enormous huge movies ever to buy an absurd way on the big screen. But it is also better to have some funky inconveniences that add a juicy, spicy coffee beverage: Vixen brushes against one of the Yeti warts, causing it to stiffen and to make a big and smiling smile of a behemoth (! ); Vixen's sister Yeti's wounded hand as he makes goo-goo eyes on her, Yeti breaks the windows with her legs while climbing to the high office building, and the hairy man even breaks the male neck with his fingers (!!). Overall, this exceptionally dirty and shameless classical camp, which stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infected Asian celluloid welding, is exceptionally worthy of a major hard underground cult.
