This is one of the best films to come from Hong Kong's "New Wave", which begins with Tsui Hark's "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain". Tsui set the tone for New Wave access to the martial arts film, which he has since accepted as a given; all new wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) and thus access to such films will require more than a touch of irony, if not a direct comedy. "Burning Paradise" stopped everything and avenged. It is not that there is no humor here; but it is purely human humor, just like the old Buddhist priest at the beginning, who in some way controls the quick feeling of a young prostitute when it hides in the ranks. But it's just like humans, not even a Buddhist priest can be a saint all the time. When irony is finally introduced into the movie, it is the worst possible, coming out of the "Abbey" Red Lotus Temple, which is a study of pure nihilism that has never been recorded on the film. It's just the incarnation of Satan's Milton from "Paradise Lost": "Better to rule in hell than to serve in heaven!" And if he can not reach Satan's peking soon, he will turn the world around him into a living hell he can control. This is the motif that underlines the brutal violence of most paintings here: It's not that Opat just wants to kill people; he wants to despair, to feel utterly hopeless, to accept his nihilism as a versatile reality. There is, therefore, a certain sense that penetrates the scenes of the Red Temple, that there can be no other reality outside the temple itself-it has become everywhere in the universe, and that the abbot, enforcing the mastery of infinite power, is in charge. </ p> <br /> <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is not over. Although there are losses, the human will to be just plainly a person at last prevails. (If you want to know how, look at the movie!) Still, there is no doubt that we are seeing hell when watching this movie. We hope that we will not see our own consequences; but we definitely feel redeemed by this experience - and probably better for her.
