Here is another film that should be loaded into the satellite, fired into the universe and pointing towards the Andromeda galaxy to show the furthest civilizations the best of humanity. This film is so incredibly stupid and revealing honesty in that it is more than breaking off the already bad movie of the classic 1976 KING KONG that not only can she handle this film in terms of crazy laugh, idiot but has successfully predicted a lot (Peter Yeas) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi from the town of Umberto Lenzi THE TOWN OF LIFE DEBU which is very easy to see). The film was created for children, so besides some cue on fish bones and bizarre nipple improvements to make goodbye, you can forget about sex - Yeti even has some giant tape to cover up his huge package, which is even more fun than anatomical accuracy. But as a compromise you will get a hideous old scientist, two curious kids, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a double bastard villain, a useful intelligent pin dog who gets his own adventure (dog adventure films were great in Europe for a moment) and of course he appears as a hero on end to save Yeti, who turns out to be a good man, famous things like front loaders decorated to look like huge human hands, a monster whose size literally changes degrees from shot to shot, some inappropriately terrible deaths that cause the massacre in GODZILLA VS SMOG MONSTER looks like a tame comparison, a crowd of reaction shots lots of either Spanish, Italian or Canadian addictions depending on the scene telling where they were shooting out of how the clothes are dressed) and some of the most enthusiastically introduced but ugly special effects work sometimes in a huge monkey m film. Here's the movie that got me: It's just an enthusiasm just because you have me de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini, who brought the world of SARTANA in 1968 and DEATH GUN a year ago, and was a very important director in Spaghetti Western and action / adventure genre scenes from the 60s and 70s and at the time YETI was probably pleased with getting a job. I think it's his most adventurous movie at all, or rather the one with whom he has the best chance, and perhaps he felt much more comfortable with this chance in a film directed at children and families. The film has a sort of ruthless abandonment of the way it was made, so technical mistakes or inconsistencies are totally insignificant. Or rather they are a part of entertainment, and if the movie was played seriously, it will not work - which is exactly why PETER JACKSON SUCKED. <br /> <br /> Forget about having fun with the material and letting it dictate the result with your army of silly Power Macintosh under animators and with all its flaws + fragility, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of looking at such films, which is Partly seeing actors in monkey suits tear miniature files on sound scenes, not smooth animated vapid clocks anything but hard drive space. I would like to have with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most gorgeous giant horror filmmakers ever. Because the movie looks so "fake", you can overlook the story and just have fun watching things destroy, trample, throw and smash. He knew that, armed with fertile, energetic enthusiasm for being able to make a film, Parolini pulled out all the stops and brought a full body of adventure that could be a bit harsh for some of the little tits, but it's the first movie I'll ever share with my grandchildren when their stupid parents are leaving with me for the weekend. This is a thing for ages and one of the most famous manifestations of humanity that sometimes it will be dedicated to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, I'd like to go with a smile on my face.
