I have always been a fan, but the show has grown. Only after the 5th season did I see the richness of the show. They finally brought Daniel's wife's search, and eventually most of the Go ould System Lords were killed by Lords, SG-1, or others. To Series 5, Stargate SG-1, was getting obsolete. With the new writers and careful attention of producer Peter Deleuise, the show has become increasingly solid. <br /> <br /> The characters have also become obsolete. Colonel Jack O'Neill was a stereotypical hero with emotional luggage. After his son, Charlie, was killed in an O'Neill gun shooting, he decided to end his own life by going to Abydon to face Go'ould RA. The character offers a small increase for each actor, and Richard Dean Anderson chose to playfully lift his emotional barriers to protect himself. just allowed his close friends. Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. She was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight any man who doubted her ability to do her job. Though this character had little room to grow, Tapping did a great job concentrating on Carter's strengths. She took the time to get the basic knowledge of some of the things Carter talks about in order to present the intelligence. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the play of Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien called Jaffa. The Go'ould infants (snake-like creatures) are put in Jaffa until they develop until they are put into another form of life. Jaffa dies. Teal'c was the first ancestor of the Apophis army. He knew that Apophis was not a god like the idea of ​​Go'ould that he realized the genocide their army had caused in the galaxy. Finally, when he had enough, he and Jack O'Neill freed their team along with some innocent people. After arriving on Earth, he realized that Earth was the planet he was looking for to help him fight the desire. Christopher Judge did quite a bit with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, who learned much from his teacher, Master Bra'tace. The show would not be complete without Master Bra'tac playing Tony Amandola. He is also rock. He eventually became an adviser to most SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Don S. Davil was from the beginning to play on Major General George Hammond. Davis did an incredible job with Hammond, who was sympathetic and normal. She does my job, my wife, sons, daughters and grandchildren. You can really say it is anchor base. I would simply die for that man. If its superior does not allow troops to support teams outside the world. He will be alone. Nobody leaves behind anyone. <br /> <br /> I have dr. Daniel Jackson last, because this character, I believe, has increased ten or eleven years. When I select Shanks, I do not think the producer has realized how powerful the Shanks are, and now that people talk about Jackson, they do not talk about Spader, they talk about Shanks. In the early years, Jackson's character appeared as a rage. That's why I probably was not a fan. As the seasons entered, the figure grew stronger. It gave him confidence. Eventually, as in Season 10, Jackson's character matured to the point that he became a hero sacrifice. He is still following an ethical group. He is still the leading provider of information that can push forward any mission. Acheology, history, culture, and exploration are part of its very existence. He is determined. Although the man of peace, he has come to the point that the use of his weapon may be the only way to resolve disagreement. Other characters include Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), the new SG-1 leader. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why they were assembled, some bodies are guessing. I see a small difference between Mitchell and Crichton (the Farscape character). The character of Black is just out of the wall. She's definitely different from her soldier as Arina's figure soon.
