Wow, lots of reviews for Devils Experiment is here. Great. My name is Steve and I call Unearthed Films. We have just begun the release of Guinea Pig on DVD for North America. Now, before you ask why I'm writing a review? Instead, ask why some people bash it. I'm writing this review because I love guinea pig movies. Why do I love it, it's because they go to the neck and do not leave. I've seen it all. Almost every horror film known to men, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every underground cult feeling to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen it all, and movies that have stuck to me over the years are definitely guitar movies. Why not try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies first. This review is for the Devils experiment. It seems to me that she misses a story I'm fine about. Why am I watching horror films? So I see blood, gore and torture of people. Experiment Devils not only adds, but it's all. Pure irreversible violence. Yeah, I like the story, but sometimes I want the gore and the Devils experiment to be tenfold. Why people go out. Because they like the story, so the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind the story. This gives them a better feeling. We all want blood and blood. It's really hard to justify if it's not wrapped around the story. Guinean films have a historical significance for them and have created a final splash whenever they were released. I'm excited to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I should not write this review but then I might have again. My opinion is the predisposed cause of releasing them, but it is not again. I've always told people to find and watch them before I started Unearthed Films. Sure, it's explosive and over the top, but that's not why we watch horror movies in the first place. The Devils experiment is not for everyone. It's just for aspirants and gorehounds. If you think Jason movies and Freddy Krueger movies are amazing, then stick to these. But if you're on the next level and you've seen it all, then Devils Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are bad, disgusting, and bottom-right strange and have nothing to look with your mother if it's not all right. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
