I liked this show for two reasons: 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two artists performed a show with the support of regular and recurring actors. Replacing the RDA in the seasons 9-10 was enough to keep the heart out of the show. <br /> <br /> Chemistry among all the main characters is simply huge. You get the feeling that the actors like to move after the camera stops. This relationship goes into the program we see. <br /> <br /> RDA gives his character 'O'Neill' an incredible personality. He never knows when to rest wisely. You see that others are loading their eyes on some of his statements. Still, they know he's the man around, when the situation is dangerous. There's a lot going on between Carter and O'Neill's surfaces. They can hold the lid, but often hardly. The episode "Solitudes" in the season 1 had some of the best dramas ever seen on television. Love between these two made the prospect of dying submissiveness because they stood up against it. <br /> <br /> 'Carter' and 'Jackson' often have to exterminate some turbulence created by 'O'Neill'. But the tactical instincts of "O'Neill" always seem healthy. He understands what to do without having to think about it. The team has been threatened several times by others who have not obeyed his orders. Quality has dropped significantly in seasons 9 and 10. The original story of the arc was mostly exhausted and new bad guys never really took my interest. Ben Browder was far below RDA at the show. He had rare moments with Claude Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping made calls during these two seasons. You could see her significantly altered appearance after having a baby. Probably she was thinking about the baby more than a show. The "Stargate Atlantis" branch has a few moments but is usually weaker. Major characters lack the original occupation chemistry. The villains (Wraith) are so unlikely they are ridiculous. Perhaps Amanda Tapping can breathe some life into the program or it will not take longer than the fourth season. <br /> <br /> I've always had problems with special effects for the show. To have spacecraft shaped like pyramids, design monstrosity rarely equals Sci-Fi. The use of lamps for lighting in these ships is just as bad. Camping use of the ancient Egyptian decoration, which hides ultra-modern technology, is equally difficult to accept. I also considered continuity at the exhibition. In the opening season of Season 2, "Daniel Jackson" is fired and his uniform has a hole where he was injured. He crawls into the sarcophagus and heals the body and restores the uniform as if he just got out of the wardrobe rack. The episode "Hathor" has a sarcophagus in the hands of the SGC, but has never mentioned it. This device could be used in several later episodes on "Daniel", "O'Neill" and "Dr. Frasier".
