"The United States of Kiss of My Ass" House of Games is a directional debut from playwright David Mamet and is an effective and sometimes surprising psychological thriller. Lindsay Crouse plays as best-selling psychiatrist Margaret Ford, who decides to confront a player who has induced one of her patients to think of suicide. In this way he leaves the safety and comfort of his rather ordinary life and travels 'to the center' to visit the low-income house, the House of Games. Player Mike (starring Joe Mantegne) appears to be somewhat sharp and skilful. It offers Crous character's deal, if he is willing to sit with him in the game, in big money in the back room, cancel the debts of the patients. The card game appears and soon the psychiatrist and player marks a familiar line of work (gaining the trust of others) and begins a fascinating relationship. What makes House of Games an interesting and fundamental view for every movie fan is the constant guessing of who is under control, a psychiatrist or con-man, or a well-known man of big bluffs, David Mamet. > <br /> In the House of the Games, the direction is boring and most often flat and unwavering, but in every film by David Mamet, it is a story that is the central theme of all the action, not the direction. In House of Games it shines in part thanks to excellent performances from both challenges (shows and distractions), but most of all Mamet's work is a dialogue that will appeal to you and slowly attract you to the film. No one at the House of Games says what they mean, and conversations become battlefields and a war of words. All bluffs and double bluffs, reminiscent of the natural order of poker. It's a running theme in the whole movie and is being used for a great effect at the right moments when huge tensions arise. The house of the game can also be seen as a movie movie "class-war". With Lindsay Crouse we have a middle-class, well-to-do psychiatrist education and Joe Mantegna is the opposite, the American working class earns a living "honest" crime. The film will lead the audience like Crouse is seduced by Mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of American cinematography. And the end of the movie is definitely something that everyone has seen and watched, it's overwhelming. Extremely enjoyable movie experience that is worth watching repeatedly. 9/10
