House of Games is magical. It's so nice when you occasionally see movies that are perfect dozens. There are a few movies I've seen that will take you so fast. You'll just get this movie from the opening scene. <br /> <br /> I'm really trying hard not to give a lot away to those who have not seen it yet, but there will be lots of tips to READ ANYWHERE, IF YOU SHOULD NOT KNOW. I would say House of Games is not just a great movie, but it's the best movie about the hooligans I've ever seen. From the moment the movie ends, she asks for a play. Lindsay Crouse as Margaret Ford is simply perfect, from her mania to the deep voice she immediately takes on the role. Joe Mantegna was also wonderful. The dialogue in this movie has an unsearchable almost unimagined quality, and these two people communicate as much as they can in their view. I also loved the way the film was shot, in a grainy, unreal way, that it was perfectly suited and helped film what it was. There have been several films I've seen and loved that reminded me that I included The Grifters and the usual suspects, but really, the house of the game is completely different. Margaret and Mike are the two best preserved characters I've seen on the big screen, and not only have a screen of chemistry that is strong and tangible since they meet, but an increase that starts from the moment, another is electrifying. You know something happens, but you have no idea what. And just when you think you have guessed what is "something," you realize that you have not even scratched the surface ... House of Games is one of those films that can be centered on a genre of the film, but it is basically a movie about human nature. A character study is not only about the artist's mind, but about the victim. As the film moves and we learn more about the main characters, we learn about them not only what they say, but what they say. It is a great study of the character and is flawless in the way it speeds up its conclusion. In conclusion, this 10 out of 10, saying it (though not my absolute favorite movie, quite high on the list), is definitely excellent and goes so far as to say that it belongs among the best character studies and contains some of the best "changes" I've ever seen. Although I love all types and genres of films in terms of human psychic films, it really does not improve much. Watch this movie.
