David Mamet wrote the script and made his directorial debut with the movie "House of Games," a study of character full of psychological subtexts in which the psychiatrist is attracted to the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice writing the best-selling novel "Driven." Still, she is rather dissatisfied with her own life; there is an emptiness that can not be defined or solved and determines its vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), tells her during the session that she owes big money to some players and that they are going to kill him if he does not pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. This brings her to the "House of Games," which meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic con man who does not waste any time before bringing her into her world. Instead of the "twenty-five big" that Billy claimed to owe him, Mike showed him his book and it seems to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clear the slate clean if he agrees to make him a simple kindness that includes the card game that's going on in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike leaves the room for a few minutes; while he is gone, his job is to track the "reputation" of one of the other players. At this time, not only Margaret, but also an audience. Dialogue and Mamet's unique style and the exact cadenza with which his actors bring their lines is fascinating. When Mike leads Margaret through her convincing, unreal realm of existence and introduces her into the con complications, we are sunk with her. From this first unforgettable encounter, demonstrating what is "telling" and how it works, to a "short end" lesson, to the stunning culmination of this film, Mamet keeps fit with urgency that is inexorable. And nothing seems. Eventually, Margaret learns about hard lessons about life and human nature and about herself. It will change; and whether it is or not for the better, is open to speculation. Mantegna absolutely rides in this film; he lends every nuance a possible complex character that must be able to guide you willingly into the shadow, and he does. Crouse is also great here; you feel the rigid and confident turbulence rotate under this calm, confident exterior, and when her experience with Mike provokes a change in her, you feel how deeply she has penetrated. She believes she is able to do what she does and makes you understand her. Dynamically supported casts include Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is characteristic of Mamet; wrote and directed a number of musical plays and films since then, and will undoubtedly love us in the future. But this film will be the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look at it. You will find it under "Perfection". This is a great movie you do not want to miss. Rate this 10/10.
