I really do not know what people have against this movie, but it's definitely one of my favorites. It is not a sermon, it is not anchored morally, it should not be controversial. It's just God. Any possible God, regardless of religion. And it's really funny. Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan, a television reporter who has usually stumbled on the lighter side of the news, desperately (more or less himself) able to be taken seriously and do a good job of anchoring work. This drive is what slowly directs his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away. When the final straw is executed, he quickly laughs, but shouts in the face of God, who gives Bruce again his strength. Bruce then makes his life better for himself until he is innocent of helping others, where he still loses the sense of his powers. Meanwhile, his constant excitement of his own life makes him more confident and leaves his relationship on dangerous soil. OK, it was very long. But as a plot it works well. Step by step, in which we encounter the challenges that we are God, is much better than cluttering together its problems and is able to hide quite well. As you probably know that you've heard about the movie in the first place, Carrey's pitch-perfect acting remains in the character (which, fortunately he is), and drives and gives the atmosphere to the movie scene according to the scene. Whether they accept it or not, the role was written or transcribed exclusively for Carrey. Without it, humor would change because humor is half executed. And humor is very good in the first place. But without Carrey it would seem like "It's a wonderful life." Jennifer Aniston is great and no matter what some can say, it does not act as the only justification for the third act. At least you do not think so when you see her. She gives heartfelt performance and forgets that you're watching the movie, she and Carrey feel like a real couple. The film feels like ggooooodd (see the movies they understand), has a very nice feeling, solves the idea adequately and better than expected, and in general it should never be said that it would only be possible to save Carrey's career did not come).
