Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Anniston When I first watched this movie, I was quite skeptical. I mean what conceptual NIGHTMARE. Jim Carrey plays God? Nothing is sacred. This film is barely sacred, but it is neither reticent, at least not to a large extent. Yes, Jim Carrey has God's power for a while, but he is not God. Confused? I'll put it down. Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, the reporter who is on his luck and has a very unsuccessful life. He lives with his lovely girlfriend, Grace (Anniston), and you can say straight out of the bat that they love each other but the relationship is on a rather terrible land. Then Bruce gets shot at the clerk just to have Evan Baxter steal it illegally. Bruce obviously dislikes sharing his thoughts with the world through television in a way that is comical and definitely worthwhile to shoot him. Many complaining and harassing of God later, Bruce gets the page. After a while he gets tired of calling, so he answers and goes to the Omni Presents building (heh). There he meets with God (Freeman), who is the boss, electrician and Janotor of the building. I found it very funny. God is God, the Holy Spirit is an electrician, and Jesus Christ is a Janitor. Think about it. Boss, clear. An electrician, a guy who keeps everything running. Janitor, the guy who cleans the confusion the world has left. BRILLIANT. Bruce, however, is a little skeptical that he really encountered God, but when God gives Bruce his strength and gives him a chance to play God, he starts to believe a little bit. Learn why. Enter apparent misuse of powers for personal gain and abuse of enemies. Since being Hollywood, Bruce seems to be making up, learning his lessons, and using his powers for the good of the world. Eventually he calls God to take it away and pray that his will does not Bruce's. Because it is Jim Carrey, the movie is quite fun, and there are certainly some very fun moments in it. The film is not perfect theology, but Hollywood is certainly a good attempt. Many of the films in the film can be quite thought-provoking and even challenging, and I applaud Tom Shadyacu for his efforts in this film. So, though not a perfect, certainly fun popcorn movie with a little thought behind it. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth seeing or two)
