This good episode The New Twilight Zone, which contains interesting ideas and clever stories (I notice that both are based on short stories). The "Test Day" is set in the future, a year unknown, but in the place where candy candles are illuminated, huge TV-looking "telephones" that double as much other entertainment machines and are distributed only to those of a certain age . . and day of examination, the point at which 12-year-olds have to undergo the IQ test required by the government. The child is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrates his 12th birthday and is a smart guy, so he is calm, even eager to take the exam that he has seen his friends go through and knows that he will excel on the basis of his classroom. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, claim they should not use their birthday wish to get a good score, and although their reason includes that they believe he is capable and that he does not have to worry, it's quite obvious they have fear. I'm not dissolving anything, but I'll say - there's a point where we look at what's coming from a distance, why the test is such a heavy subject: that evening (or other?) His parents ask Dickie if he likes to watch TV all night. According to today's standards, we would be delighted to say he would rather read, not only because there is nothing to be watched ... but why would his family ask about it? The taste of what is encouraging and discouraging in the future reminds me of a bit of atmosphere from Harrison Bergenon (which I heard did not get a powerful adaptation on the screen). I just wish they could showcase the opening and closing narratives so that this topic became as strong as the Outdated Man. I found it better than the story on which it was founded. I did not read the one based on the "Charity Report," but he wanted it because it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from a fever of unclean water that was always common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... she is able to see the eyes of a young puritan who suffers from the same type of fever, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann), who also found out what was happening around him. Both are recovering, especially because it is common that it happened in 1985, but the connection is not going away. Charity is curious about the opinions and sounds he has been recording since 1985, and each enjoys the company of the other, especially Peter, who has been awarded school marks so much that he felt isolated from other students, even at college where he stayed in one place . Things have unexpectedly changed when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who has made his claim that the 13 colonies will be disturbed by England as a sign of enchantment, and added that she was spared the death of a fever so common in 1700). They both try to learn how to save her. The end is sad, but it has an interesting closing moment that gives it an impression. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something Rod Sterling was preparing and entertaining, gleefully watched as a reminder that friendship, love and wisdom are doing a lot. Probably 3/4 of it has no topic, but I think it's all approved by the Sterling crew.
