Jim Carrey has returned to the same role he played in The Mask, this clever man who is trying to get into the world, but he seems to be overwhelmed. Even if he tries to help the homeless from being harassed by a bunch of hoodlums (and of course, he must be Mexican, of course), his good will against his neighbor is upset. In that case, it was not too hard to predict that he was going to have a handful of angry bastards, but I'm glad the film suggests that such things should not be ignored. I remember an episode of brilliant Michael Moore, The Awful Truth, when he lay on the sidewalk and pretended to be dead and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in a movie that is a good example. Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the nice guy above, whose whole life seems to be falling apart. Or even better, it seems to break the blows of sadness, as if the asteroid gets into the atmosphere (a bit of a metaphor that appears when Bruce is miraculously found in a giant story in the movie later). Bruce is almost 40 years old, and all that has to show is that he is a journalist of this sort who reports such exciting news as a local bakery trying to care for the world's largest cookie. He is desperate to get work on the head anchor on a TV station, but he loses his cool on live television when he learns that work has gone to his opponent's colleague. You have to love how long this time has revealed this message just before your first live message. No need to say that he loses his temperament on live television in one of the most entertaining scenes of the whole movie. Morgan Freeman brings fantastic performance to himself as a human being, depicting God, whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected by the massive talent of Freeman as an actor. He is the kind of God who took his work very seriously, but to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you have to slow down and do some manual work in life. I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world are coming home in the high sky at the end of the day. There are a lot of people in the world (perhaps more than our share in America), who are so absorbed by their money and property and their employment and by completely losing contact with the natural side of themselves as humans. > <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the biggest strengths is that the film is able to give people general advice on improving their lives and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewing religion. For example, I, for example, reject organized religion in all its forms, and I see that God and Satan are metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than real personalities that ever lived or lived. But despite the fact that I do not believe God exists as a space-supervisor or as a wardrobe dressed in white that dies the floor of his office in his spare time, I appreciated the messages that were delivered in this movie. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that links them together and makes it newer that they look even better just because you see how far it is coming. If you compare Bruce Almighty with movies like Ace Ventura (both of whom I love, by the way) or a lot of what he did before he got into the movie, it's amazing how far he's coming. He has moved from comic comedies to comic books that are truly intelligent and meaningful to this movie, as well as others such as The Truman Show, The Man on the Moon, and The Majestic (easily one of his greatest movies at all). Jim Carrey has constantly moved from the comics of the past to become one of the most important comedic actors currently working. Jennifer Aniston also offers a great addition to the movie (just as he did in the movie's office space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is increasingly upset by Bruce's growing stress on his life and negligently asking her to marry him. The film is definitely a low eyebrow comedy that does not really correspond to the meaning of the film's meaning or the quality of delivery, such as a dog reading a newspaper in the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was certainly nice to see friend Ace Ventury Spike appear in the form of a portrait. As Stephen King knows very well, it is always nice to see the famous characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce is gifted with God's powers for some time to understand life better and tells a lot about himself by using power for his own purposes than to help all the people who pray to him. The thing I like is, as I said, that religion in my life is missing, but I could follow it and learn a lot about myself, too, by thinking about what kinds of things I would do if I were with such powers. The film allows us to learn this way, which has reinforced the message even more. Scenes that include the news station are simply fun in the movie, such as the scene where Bruce is losing his mood about the anchor site, the Jimmy Hoffy scene (comfortably buried with the original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records), the scene where Bruce the opponent's colleague was thinking about the cameras, and my favorite, the beginning and the end involving local bakery cooking. The film has plenty of time for Carrey to deliver some excellent jokes like saying to God (who reveals that he is a rescuer, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas celebrations must be real bass and be careful about drinking because he may need to go home! I also liked the end when he says that every big man is the woman who opens her eyes. Still a little bit true, and, as Gallagher added, every surprised man is also a surprised mother-in-law. Bruce the Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies I've ever seen and is probably the only religious one I remember when I see that I'm trying to buy on DVD to complete my personal collection. It's a comedy written and done in good taste, but with a fairly low eyebrow humor to keep the kids entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is becoming rarer and rarer today. In a world that is about to whistle another American Pie and another haunted film (just scary because of its utter barbaric idiots), it's nice to see that people are still making comedies that are worth watching. Do not miss this.
