This series is set one year after the Abydos mission in Stargate. It explains a lot of things that the film neglects. How has Stargate been activated without a human machine? Where does the Goa'uld (Raova rasa) come from? How many are there? <br /> <br /> The first episode is Jack O'Neill (badly written with 2 Ls) referring to the active duties of General George Hammond due to the attack to disable Stargate from Apophis, the mighty Goa'uld who killed four men and kidnapped one woman. We meet Samantha Carter, a great scientist who says she should go through the stargate for the first time and is determined to go right now. We found out that Daniel had been married to Abydos and that there were hundreds of Gate addresses that could be called. Daniel's wife is captured by Apophis and becomes her new queen. continues in the second episode when General Hammond announces the emergence of the SGC, which includes nine teams in which Jack's team will be SG-1, consisting of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulaka, Goa'uld's home country to save Daniel's wife, and another is captured in Abyda called Ska'ra. They are captured and like Apophis gives orders to kill them and many other prisoners, Jaffa named Teal'c, First Prime of Apophis rescues them and goes with them on Earth where they are part of the SG-1. <br /> <br /> It was just the beginning of the adventure. During the show, they went into the past and into the future, switched to alternative facts, exchanged their bodies, became old, met foreign races, including the Goa'uld insurgency alliance named Tok'ra, in which Samantha's father became Asgard , a cute little race in which we mostly see Thora (Jack's friend) and avoiding a worldwide disaster with teeth skin countless times. The exhibition was recently canceled but took ten seasons. In nine seasons, a new enemy, called Ori, appeared in new challenges, new dangers, and discovers new mysteries around Stargate and his creators, the Ancients. In the nine-and-a-half season he also introduced two new characters, Ben Browder as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a woman from another world that brings the team a new sense of fun. <br /> <br /> Very well made, interesting characters, fantastic special effects and a gentle interest in love between Samanta and Jack, all this has. Another way to travel the galaxy and various kinds of adventures is one show you do not want to miss. Unlock the goal and walk through it. You will not regret!
