Due to the title, this first track on QUARTET (1948) seems to reduce the number of W. Somerset Maugham's stories that make up the film. The author still appears to introduce episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; by the way, while the scenario of the original compendium was provided by R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham has borrowed his hand in adaptation, just like Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed one segment or each worked in unison). As expected, much of the QUARTET crew retained for the second installment - although this also applies to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two had part of the QUARTET episode called "The Colonel's Lady "). While TRIO eventually appears as a minor success than its predecessor (a bit unbalanced by the third story, which occupies more than half of the run), it is still done with the utmost care, it was a stellar star and it is enjoyable <br /> <br /> "Verger" tells about the secret of the church (James Hayter), which is the name of the story with another word, which is released after 17 years of service by the new priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Rather than resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes his wife (his estate, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacco shop that is strategically located on a long stretch of road where no such service is offered - flourishing developed throughout the chain. The last scene then sees that he has visited Felix Aylmer, bank manager, who is not only surprised to learn about Hayter's lack of education, but is asked to ask him what his other interests are - the rich (respected) tobacco trader with a certain irony that he has the vocation to be verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All," is the shortest, but perhaps even the most interesting: Marine navigation is completely suppressed by the unbearable presence of the pompous youngster (Nigel Patrick), the British, despite his bizarre name Kelada claims that authority is virtually every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers who have to deal with him most because he shares a cabin with a man and a former person due to Patrick's attention to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). During the fantasy, however, passengers choose to take their revenge on Kelada by one of them, who will give it up for him (who, of course, does not appreciate)! he's still trying to figure out the decent side of his character-he told Crawford that the necklace he was wearing was an imitation, Wayne called on Patrick to name his prize ... but he immediately realized it was a true story and that it would compromise Crawford's position if it were to say so Kelada would allow her to be ridiculed publicly to reveal the fact that the woman is probably a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can also be deduced from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with countless patients in a place where Andre Morell operates; the protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who secretly follows various steps. In fact, the story highlights three separate sources of conspiracy - one funny (a "conflict" between two long-standing Scots residents in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (irregular relationship between dissatisfied patient Raymond Huntley and long-suffering devoted wife Betty Ann Davies) and one hot (romance between naive but enchanting Jean Simmons and eager cadres Michael Rennie, who, despite having almost everything against him, including the fact that Morell diagnosed Simmons "Rennie is only a couple of years, he leaves a couple to the altar).
