The problem lies in the fact that the movies appeared on coattails of the concept of the 60s-created comic could be made only as a "camp" (ie, Batman's show 60th) for television and film. So you have battle sequences with subtitles (do not hesitate!), Helpless neromantic doctor Savage (he was uncomfortable with women in the shelves, not idiot), Monk Mayfair in the night baskets (the scene guaranteed to you nightmares for several nights), and completely hokey ends up with the secondary a bad guy wrapped in gold like Herve Villechez, who is an Oscar-winning figure. And if they do not do the blossoming Sousa marching scores, the little "funny" music undermines much of the drama. Even so, this movie is ... okay. It's fun, and when it's serious, it's a very accurate picture of the pulp. Besides Monk, as mentioned earlier: it is extremely muscular, not obese. And a long Tom, who should be a pale, brittle guy with an attitude, not Paul Gleason's (inexplicable) scarf. For example, the Green Death sequence is remarkably terrible and not something I recommend for children. But they are very close to the feeling of pulp. When writers and producers do the right thing, they will do the right thing - I'll give them that. But if the producers have done a doctor with loving care and scripting, let's say, firstly, Reeves two Superman movies, think about what we had at that time. I think the problem is a schizophrenic film. There is a certain feeling that you are trying to honor the thirties, but also trying to get into the "hero must be a camp" attitude that Batman has created. One has the impression that it was a sober pulse in the style of the first dive and then someone came and said, "Hey, do it funny - it worked with Batman's show 8 years ago!" <br /> <br /> But Doc lives thanks to Count MacRauch and Buckaroo Banzai. If MacRauch does not pay homage to Dr. Savage in this film, the man is really demented. So when the show really gets on television (allegedly mid-1999 -00), Doc Savage, updated to the 90s, will live again.
