I saw a trailer on Afro Promo, a collection of film trailers for African-American films. It looked like it was; a highly tendentious "battered" comedy in which a conscious black man realizes that his son is gay. Redd Foxx (RF) wife seems to have left it for her brother, who works with him in a "store" in Phoenix. He took the bus to visit his son Norman's Los Angeles. As the RF comes, Norman, who wears only the blue powder bikini shorts, comes out of the waterbed to answer the door. Trying to buy time by his older father spreading the stairs into what looks like the sixties, Norman tries to wake up his lover, who firmly refuses to retreat. It was just where I wrote, "Why will not she wake up?" when I suddenly did it, and I and our girlfriends fell for the first time as we were shown with our first glance in blue, Garson, a normal white lover Norman, who "had the most faaaabulous dream?" Garson is a fiery queen of that kind, which can be imagined only as a 1976 LA has dress and purse and jewelery jewelry and seems to have modeled both its look and character on Carol Brady of The Brady Bunch. > <br /> Norman orders his lover to find him elsewhere to stay while visiting his father. Garson goes with Waylon Flowers and Madame answers on the phone when he calls Norman. <br /> <br /> So RF is trying to reach out to his wife in Mexico. While he is on the phone, Garson comes to pack his clothes and RF meets him. With a lot of soul music from the 1970's he wanted to make his apparent apparitions (but it sounded like we heard a very special trail of The Emotions), he realized his son was gay. <br /> <br /> The first impulse is, 'I'll kill him, I'll kill him.' Then RF goes on a long walk, where he walks through all the thoughts that a confused parent might have, such as "maybe we trained him too soon." His thoughts are evoked by something he sees on his walk, for example, a nasty truck driver who thinks about what a real man is doing. Surprisingly, he goes to the bookstore and buys about eight books on homosexuality. That must be said, there are about eight more books on homosexuality than my parents bought. Then go straight to the park bench and read them all! <br /> <br /> RF hires Audrey, a six-foot Amazonian prostitute (in this amazing fur) played by Tamara Dobson of Cleopatra Jones. He hired her to Norman to try heterosexuality, but it upset Norman and he explodes to stay with his friend Melody. Then Garson comes in and offers to RF outside for the night. He acts for the loss of the wife of RF and tells the story of his own mother, who carries irrational prejudices against the Pilipines because "she was harassed in luau." He will take part in a long show of Wayon and Madame, culminating in Madam's violent shaking his head against the piano until her hair gets rid of her. And again, the mouth appeared. <br /> <br /> So it seems that you just do not know that RF and Garson have a great evening together! You see, the old, traditional elderly black men just have to see the embarrassing, highly effeminate mega-queen fun to get to all the gays she offers! It's really easy! It still does not prevent RF scream "Say!" when Garson awakens him from a bad dream. It will end less predictably than you would think. There was so much that it was just gone. What is the basis of the relationship between Norman and Garson? They do not seem to have a message, and Norman has no problem with kicking Garson, and even when he comes to stand, he never threatens Garson or talks about their relationship. There were some sweet quirky touches, like RF that would buy all those books on homosexuality - and sat right on the park bench and read it! I like the idea that the parent is actually trying to find something about homosexuality, rather than just running to get drunk or bragging with his friends. Otherwise it is just as it looks like: a small memory of the past era in which some homosexuals thought that if the equal people settled, just sitting down and looking at the puppet's neckline, they could all learn to love and understand each other! And because of the whole naivety of this thing, extreme stereotypes and dialogue with news content are just acting as charming outdated and providing good luck to discuss how things have changed for homosexuals over the past 30 years. I think the only thing that seems to be offensive is the idea that gay friends are desperately in love with them and are willing to drunk them to sleep with them and convert them mostly. <br /> <br /> Hey, look at Cinema de Merde, my bad and cheesy movie website (with a few good movies). You can find the URL at my e-mail address listed above.
