Produced after QUARTET, TRIO continued with the quality of older movie versions of Maughama short stories. The three stories here are VERGER, sir. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic (VERGER is like an extended joke, but one with a good paycheck) and the last more serious (in terms of health problems). Again, the author presents the film and stories. James Hayter, soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is a hero in The Verger. He has this little prison type of work in the church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no education, he will fire him. Hayter saved some money, telling his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he bought a little news and a tobacco deal. He has a good eye and his business is doing well. Soon it has a whole chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, the other is stunned to see his prosperous former Verger. The advantage is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter to diversify his investment. I'm letting you hear an unintentional but ironic coda meeting. According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on the voyage. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a sleeping, friendly and slightly exaggerated type from the Middle East who is on a business trip (as for jewelery) by a steamer. His collaborator in the state house is Mr. Gray (sometimes silent and right Wilfred Hyde-White), who is a bit reluctant to Max. Max likes to revive things, and soon he engages intensely in boat entertainment. At this point, the story really resembles a part of the conspiracy of the non-Maugham and the China SEAS movie (1935), because Max makes a bet that she can tell a real piece of fake jewelry (after insisting on seeing a piece of jewelry that is real). I'm not going to describe how Max gets on this opportunity. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (fictional alter-ego Maugham - a writer and one time spy as in Hitchcock's TRAINING AGENT). Here he has to use the sanatorium for a few months. He finds a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a delicate but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as a throbbing scotch, John Laurie as the second jealous Scots who is in the war with Currie and Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his inner anger about his situation when his wife appears and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver watches the three stories between these characters play their conclusions. The latter, which deals with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic, but deeply moving. It was dandy that followed the earlier QUARTET and is worth watching.
