In August 1980 Azaria Chamberlain's disappearance, and the court proceedings of her parents, Linda and Michael, for alleged murder of the child caused a stir in what was then a very angry nation. The media and the public have already tried the accused couple and condemned the blood. What followed was the gross punishment of justice. Michael and Linda Chamberlain said that while they were at a campsite near Ayers Rock in central Australia, dingo took her ten-week-old daughter out of her tent as they prepared to eat in the barbecue area. No one believed them. Lindy was accused of murdering her baby and Michael as an add-on to the fact. The whole country was abused by the whisper of ritual killing. Chamberlain's trial was over before it started. Lindy never checked her innocence so she was guilty. There has never been enough evidence to condemn it, yet the jury has had public and media pressure. How could we as a nation even judge? Where are we from, how could we suppose we know that? Unless there is absolute evidence and no reasonable doubt, the Chamberlains should be freed. The film Freda Schepisi unambiguously and completely supports the assertion of John Bryson's novel that the Chamberlains were entirely innocent accusations against them. The fact that Dingo actually took the Azariah child in that fateful night at Ayers Rock. Schepisi brilliantly captured the mood of the blood of the thirsty nation, hell bent to the "truth" that appeared in the light. He shows Australia in somewhat insurmountable light as people who were totally obsessed with seeing Chamberlains pay! His screenplay, together with Robert Caswell, energically raises emotions and will surely find listeners grieving and angry over that just righteousness. Outstanding Meryl Streep gives incredible performance as a woman accused of the most horrific acts. She will bring to life the most convincingly heavy Aussie who was ready to face charges and set the world straight. Even her accent is almost, but not quite, in place. Very good efforts of the master of this trade. Sam Neill is as good as Streep as the first true, but then he disillusioned Michael, who can not understand why their world is falling apart, and begins to question his Christianity. His, like Streep, is an example of a great emotional power that moves you deep. All support is also excellent, with some of Australia's finest actors and actresses playing a role. Technically, the film is also great, with director Ian Baker, who captured this beautiful country with splendor (especially Rock). Editor Jill Bilcock keeps the film tense and very emotionally charged, while Bruce Smeaton provides a consistent score. For all Aussie it must be seen, a shocking look in the mirror, if you are, what we as a country have done to a family that just wanted to be served justice, and to know the truth. Michael Chamberlain said, "I do not think anyone really understands what innocence means ... innocent people." May 20, 1995 - Video Even on return trials, Fred Schepisi's account of justice, which struggled with Chamberlain, who lost the child of Azaria on Ayres Rock in 1980, is still emotionally strong and honestly moving . Schepis and Robert Caswell have professionally translated John Bryson's novel on the screen and simply narrated the horrifying holiday story that was terribly wrong for Michael and Linda Chamberlain, whose new born Azaria daughter was taken from the family tent by ding only a few moments, light media speculation and ominous public reputation, Lindy was accused of murdering her child, and Michael was accused of being accused. What followed was little more than a courtroom, and with the Australian being decided to be postponed, Lindy was sentenced to a life sentence of heavy labor, though the prosecution could not have been a motive and nothing but indirect evidence. Meryl Streep is in the top form of an accused woman who is fighting in Australia to prove her innocence. It's really awesome and the only thing that fails is a really blue Aussie accent, though she's doing her best to call the ocker. Perhaps you wonder why not a top Australian actress was in the role, but it is probably the star power. Besides Meryl, Sam Neill is as impressive as a husband who sees how his world is falling apart, and he feels powerless to do something about it. Strong Australian casts bring convincing support. Editing by Jill Bilcock is very timely, cinematography of rock and other harsh places Ian Baker is visually brilliant and Bruce Smeaton's music is perfect for this section. It is really necessary for all conscientious Australians. <br /> <br /> Sunday, June 15, 1996 - Video
