This review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this film is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be considered "innocent until proven guilty" is the basic right of every civilized society; but according to Fred Schepisi's partisan but sadly convincing story of the famous Australian murder trial, Lindy Chamberlain was not accused of killing her child. The story of her innocence is unlikely (dingo was supposedly accepted), but those who suggested it more were not firm evidence against her. But the Australian public was overwhelmed by the possibility of her guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlains appeared creepy when they appeared in the media (and of course, themselves innocent in this process). So even when they were cleansed by the initial investigation, they were later prosecuted and sentenced. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, he shamefully followed the discovery of new evidence to "prove" their innocence, something the defendants would not have to produce. <br /> <br /> 'Cry in the Dark' Meryl Streep, who brings a persuasive Australian accent (at least to this ears of Pom) and can keep Lindy sympathetic (for us) while still telling her how she managed to become a national hate . The scenes in which he is actually imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking because we believe the characters are real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of this story's story (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this movie will ring very honestly to anyone who has knowledge of British popular press and his ruthless habit of appealing directly to the least charitable instincts their readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current screaming of asylum seekers in the current British boulevards comes from the same pit of evil as the voices Lindy Chamberlain has given away. I am not a religious person, but the Bible still contains some murderous lines (if you excuse the pun). "Do not be disregarded" is one of them.
