In this movie, it was hard to like someone. Central characters Linda and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during the night in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but then certainly not everyone or even most of the people we see throughout the movie would be bad if we knew them better. But even though we are so sure he wants us to be guilty or innocent of the Chamberlain since the beginning of their tragic confusion, the film takes on more or less a sociological perspective about gossip, news media, crowds, crowds and assumptions. This is not a film about a degenerate society, especially in Australia; it's just a description of the real story that happened there. Society en masse is far less developed than it feels to make sure we are. <br /> <br /> When an administrator insists on killing all indigenous dogs due to the unauthorized action of one wild dog, when accidentally destroyed lives are even more out of control as a result of most magazines, newspapers and television programs distort the tragic truth to dramatic level , which raises its consumers into madness, there are no signs of empathy or even no view beyond their own unconscious perception, influenced by the left and right of the energetic listening and vibration of those who surround their lives. The reason I appreciate the film is that it turns out from the victim to the masses. The evidence against Linda Chamberlain, suspicion, was mainly driven by her virtues. It seemed to her public eye that she was not disturbed enough by her daughter's death. Why could she keep her cool, no matter how tense, let alone her head, television and the press? How much of the downward spiral could be prevented if more public media behaved? Meryl Streep, one of the most powerful, if not the greatest actresses today, does not have to give a performance that is particularly outstanding, and sincerely no other actor or film department. But she and the scripts will understand Lindy. It's annoying that it's not that hard. She was obviously not naturally susceptible to public emotion. Whether it is or not accessible as a loving nature in the immediate sense, we naturally tend to sympathize with its situation. Whatever her performance is as enjoyable as Sophie's Choice, Diablo is wearing Prada, Angels In America, or other such work, it's a triumph. It's hard to see the audience when you deliberately deny insight into them. She frustrates us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took me a while to feel honest with her, but this is the way the film suggested a response to the public's attention. He is married to a pastor and both practice religion, a small minority, and therefore mostly did not. Initially, they respond to their loss as if they were reconciled to the will of God, and began to celebrate the monk's mill that created the idea that the death of their daughter was a ritual slaughter on their part. What happened to that little girl, her parents were part of a circle with which most of the media reception was not immediately identified, so the first affection should go behind them as a pack of hungry ... Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays real leadership here. Like the punctuation for each plot, director Fred Schepisi cuts off the restaurant from the tennis court to dinner in the office lounge, where the public tries Linda and gets into her own passionate screenings. <br /> <br /> This Golan-Globus document is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the environment does not provide enough pleasant compensation for no performance or aspect of production to stand out. But it is very successful as accusations of collective public consciousness.
