"The unjust is often a person who left something he did not, not always what he did." - Emperor Marcus Aurelius <br /> <br /> The DVD edition "Watch on the Rhine" could not come at a better time. It will restore us to the main play of Lillian Hellman, who will adapt to Dashiell Hammett's screen (Bernard F. Dick's sound commentary, which illustrates his authorship). Featuring Bette Davis's subtle performance, she has played a diminutive secondary role long after she became a queen girl at Warner Bros. It also reminds us of the fact that the Second World War had a purpose. <br /> <br /> Sure, you say we need it. We heard that Cary Grant practiced Japanese boys and their Bushido knives at the "Destination Tokyo" Congress (1943). We watched jackboots rising on the hills in "The Sound of Music" (1965). We performed in England, which is occupied by Germany in "It Happened Here" (1966). Still, it is true that we still need to spread the message. I have an 81-year-old boyfriend who regularly curses Franklin Roosevelt. He felt that the FDR had joined the US into a strange struggle they did not need, causing the death of his most cousinous cousin. He encouraged them in demonizing Allied leaders and trivializing War Two by Patrick Buchanan. The political journalist recently released a heavy, heavy book with detailed research claiming that Adolf Hitler would pose another threat to Poland, Europe or the world if only the Third Reich was handed over to the Free Danzig City in 1939. Buchanan believes that if the selfish Poles did not look at the Nazis and talk fun of Britain and cruel altruism to France, it would flood the West. He believes that without the useless questions of Total War, nobody in Germany would create gas chambers to provide a definitive solution to the Jewish problem. Some commentators on this site feel that "Watch" is still the weight of propaganda. Maybe. However, neither my friend, nor Pat Buchanan, seems to have been given a movie point: Some people have hurt and killed to grab the country, the merchandise and the freedom of other people; these people dominated the axial forces and "enough" did not appear in their vocabulary. Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won. He and Bette Davis have given a compelling passion to their portraits of refugees fighting against the oppressed. They provide an emotional blow to an intellectual case that they stepped out of the party to actively face torturers and assassins. Bernard Dick notes that Hellman has looked after Lukas as a human since he has remained apolitical. Of course, as a Hungarian, he saw the bloody "dictatorship of the proletariat" Bela Kun replace the outdated empire and then overthrow the true tyranny of Admiral Horthy. to play Hammett, Henry Daniell sardonically displays a Wehrmacht class officer who scorns the brown shirts he serves. His Phili von Ramme undoubtedly stood with Field Marshal Rommel in 1944 during the July 20 story against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he pragmatically assisted the Nazi matter, even though he insulted Herr Blecher's "butcher," and despised the Romanian aristocrat Teck Brancovis for trying to inform the underground leader. <br /> <br /> Teck, a poor man and possibly an asshole, wishes for cash and a visa to return to Europe where he can continue the breakdown of life that came to the end of the war with the Great War and the greater global economic depression. He has no political convictions, no barriers to trading with freedom fighters for his tomorrow. Mercury Theater graduates George Coulouris lend this burnt case of the Old World cynism to the edge of a desperate threat. Lucille Watson gives the adorable vitality of the hostess of a grasping man, the dominant old halo who knows her mind, but who does not rate her children and their achievements outside the home she controls. She and her crazy office bonded son belong to the American form of the privileged species von Ramme and de Brancovis. But this family has not seen a ruin and will never be. They are money people who could quietly overcome evil simply by not standing up against each other. This mother and son could easily make choices that would reflect the desire for national socialism and fascism that flourishes today in my friend and Buchanan scientist. "Watch on the Rhine" has a perfect look. His dialogue reflects his erudite origin on the stage, rather than sounding fresh from the streets. Still, Hellman and Hammett have intestinal strength. Spectators still need to hear and watch to make a tentative march on the march.
