Usually it was the advice of producer Alexander Kordu, who focused on many of his subordinates; the film is credited with three directors, but in reality Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped out and pushed six. For 1987, "The Top 100 Movies" by John Kobal, 81 film critics saw the Baghdad thief 55th. A closer look reveals that only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself voted for this picture, but their high position was sufficient to reach half the mark. The outbreak of World War II saw that film production moved to England and America, eventually finished in 1940 and won three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, it is in some ways perhaps a movie that you can admire rather than love. <br /> <br /> Special effects, excellent for a given time, are still reasonable and, in fact, keep it when you get tired. But their effectiveness is not as good as the courage of inventions. Among them is a fun horse, built from a model kit that inserts the key to the rear end and begins to fly. There is also a murderous toy of six armed Kali goddesses (perhaps one woman with two women sitting behind her) and a huge giant spider. Also impressive is the climax with a beautiful flying carpet. But the most unforgettable must be Rex Ingram, who, at the moment of cinematic excellence, appears to be a genie nearly ten feet tall! Ingram displays genie as a relatively threatening creature and adds a hazard element to control. And look at the moment he is cheated back into his bottle! John Justin works well as an Arab king who, for some special reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, wonderfully muscular, 15 years old, is almost the namesake of Abu, a similarly perverted thief. After crossing the road with bad Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin finds himself blind and Abu turns into a dog. When it seems that the rest of the film will be told in remembrance over the blind look of Ahmed (Justin), we will find that in the middle of the film we will get to the present and the adventure continues. In fact, the other half is better, it's full of a bigger incident and a fantastic character. Three small songs are spinning a bit, even if the film lasts for 100 minutes, it feels more like a mild flavor than a real ingredient; I'm not going to classify it as a musical instrument. It's great fun; Justin and June Duprez are a love affair for mums and dads, Veidt is a boo-hiss villain, and Abu is a youthful, indiscriminate robber. It may take a while before you get into somewhat improved way of thinking and the surprising melodrama of the 40s of English movies, but once you're in the first half hour or so, this movie really attracts you. It is very commendable.
