Making a Baghdad thief is quite a story in itself, almost as amazing as the story told in this film. Alexander Korda almost broke the film. According to the Citadel film, Alexander Korda, the film about Great British films, adopted by the United Kingdom, made the film in 1933 and spent years planning and preparation. Unfortunately, World War II came with the Cord and the cost of recording a large share. <br /> <br /> Budgeting also took place in American films, although Cecil B. DeMille had always been back after Paramount after 1932. But DeMille, or some of his American contemporaries, had to worry about enemy bombs in filming. Part of the journey through the Korda shot transferred the entire company to America and recorded these sequences with Rex Ingram as genius in our Grand Canyon. Surely, the UK will not have such sceneries. Korda also completed the interiors in Hollywood, all in time for release on Christmas Day 1940. The theatrical thing won Thief Bagdad four Oscar nominations and three Oscars for Best Color Cinematography, Best Art & Set Direction for Color Film and Best Special Effects. Only the original Miklos Roszy musical score did not receive the prize in the nominated category. Korda had to be really happy when he decided to shoot at the Grand Canyon, because it is not possible to get bad color pictures from this place. But the special effects do not overcome the simple story of good triumph over evil. Two young lovers are good John Justin and June Duprez and evil is Conrad Veidt as a wizard trying to steal both kingdoms and hearts, both belonging to Duprez. This was Veid's career until Casablanca, where the Luftwaffe played the main Stroesser. <br /> <br /> Of course he will get a little help from an unlikely source. A beggar and thief Sabu, who may be one of the few people who could be called an international movie star at the time. Virtually rising from poverty as an elephant standing boy for the Maharaj in Mysore, he was spotted by Alexander Korda, who needed birth for one of his jungles. Sabu captures the entire innocence and youthfulness of youth as he fulfills the fantastic notion of the Arabic night of a boy who overcomes the tyrant. It is not the bad news that should be sent in 1940. <br /> <br /> Thailand Baghdad today stands remarkably well. It is an eternal story of love, romance and adventure in any order you want to give.
