I've seen this film several times and watched today (on TCM) only for Geraldine Fitzgerald. She is a very underestimated actress and I have to admit that I have been the first person since I first saw her (probably in "Wuthering Heights" for 40 or more years). The real star in this film is Paul Lukas and he has earned all the awards he has won. It clarifies whether we like it or not that the end justifies the means. Nazism had to be stopped and everything that helped him was good. He gave his children a line that they are bad and that they should not be bad, but as he had previously said in adult interviews, he would do it again without hesitation. Luke gave an excellent idea of ​​the person caught in this situation and clearly stated that what he had done was very difficult. Some people think his victim was Nazi, but I think so - I think he was just for money. His Nazi colleagues knew this, and therefore they did not benefit very much. One interesting point in the movie and probably also in the game is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is German. While the anti-German hysteria of the First World War failed to repeat during the Second World War, there was a considerable anti-German view and some Germans were buried similarly to California with people of Japanese descent. Hellman was proud to write a play about good Germans at the time (maybe they thought they were the ones who signed the Nazi-Soviet treaty!). After all, US and British air forces bombed German cities and had no remorse over the killing of innocent civilians. But I think the bombing and fire storm in Dresden happened later, after "Watch on the Rhine" was released. The title is a game of words because "watches" are looking westward, from Germany. In fact, Watch am Rhein was a German army marching song - used in World War II, but the Nazis had their own marching song that was also used. But Muller is German and engages in his "Wach am Rhein". All the other actors were greatly involved here; although Bodo is too many, children are like him. I'm surprised he did not give his father's secret away. In real life it may have done very well.
