The story of "Baghdad's Thief" is complicated by being told in memories and has three separate and equally important strands twisted together. The script of Lajo Biros and the dialogue of Miles Malleson lead the story, which moves skillfully at all points. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry at his Jaffar visitor for having done a man for having other ideas. When disguised, he finds people blaming him for Jaffar's deeds and hating him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets Abu young thief. Two escapes and take a boat to the city of Basra. There the companions spy when the men clean the way so that no one can see the princess going through the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He told her that he had come to her from time to time and a kiss. Then it is captured. When Jaffar comes to win the Princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil visitor who blinds him and turns Abu into the dog. Jaffar then asks for the princess's hand and gives a gift to the mechanical flying of the horse to the Sultan of Basra. Blind Ahmad then tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince fell into sleep and nothing could wake her up. So Jaffar sends his servant Halim for Ahmad and the dog in the hope that the prince will erupt. He wakes her up. She enters the ship to find a doctor who would cure Ahmad, but is captured by Jaffar, who then takes the dog overboard. Jaffar then allows her to take her into her arms, her promise to restore Ahmad's look and turn Abu back into the thief. Princess sees Ahmad's vision; he is on the ship; Jaffar sends a storm to dress him up and Abu is wrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds a genie or genie that wants to kill him when he is trapped in a bottle for many centuries. Abu tried to show him that he was really coming from such a small boat, then hung up again. He has three wishes for liberation. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess asks her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows Sultan a new mechanical toy whose six shoulders strike him to death. Abu makes a second wish to find Ahmad. The clever genie flies him to the goddess of All-Seeing. Abu must climb to a great web to get to the gem, which is an eye, fighting a giant spider, and then adjusting the statue of the goddess. Abu looks into the "eye" and sees Ahmad in the canyon. He has a genie to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wishes to be in Baghdad, but the demon laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that he's in love with him without mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad is trying to fight the princess, but Jaffar breaks the "eye". Abu finds himself in the "land of the legend," where the old men who rule want to make him his king. Steal the bow and the magical carpet and escape instead of hurrying to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young King from the kata, using a bow from a flying carpet, to the astonishment of the crowd who has come to watch the execution. Jaffar is trying to escape on a mechanical flying horse, but another blow from the bow ends him. Ahmad is again a ruler and plans to marry his princess; but when Abu tries to be his prisoner, a young thief refuses to say that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and detention in the palace, though it can be great. This fantastic story has been awarded with excellent productions by producer Alexander Kordu. The production was designed by Vincent Kord, who was also the artistic director, while Georges Perinal made color cinematography. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. Extraordinary and numerous costumes were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Mesel and Marcel Vertes. Production, in addition to gorgeous and expensive visual beauties, claims to be dominated by two other elements, choir music by Miklós Rozas and Conrad Veidt's performance as an evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genie with a special accent and the usual intelligence and strength. July Duprez is beautiful and effective as Princess Mary Morris is sad and beautiful Halima and Miles Malleson is rightly humble and lame sultan. Like Ahmad, it seems that John Justin does most of what can be done with part of the young prince in love and then with some; he is unforgettably good in his winning role. This film has a tonnage that is found, as he says, in other parts of the Cord. Its imaginative content is in contrast to very strong realistic sets, costumes and set-design elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasies in the world you deserve over and over again.
