- The film tells the story of a prince whose life is amazing, but after the evil wizard tells him to go to town as a beggar, the wizard then locks the prince and soon becomes shadowmaster of Baghdad. the imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu, who helps him escape from prison and head to the city called Basra where he meets a princess with whom he falls in love with madness, but the unknown is the evil witch of Jafa, who is also in love with the princess and trying to persuade his father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to earn the heart of the girl, so he blinds him and turns Abu into the dog. This leads to the Prince and Abu going to adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad, and marry a princess. during their journey they meet with everyone, from the sarcastic geniuses that take Abu in the cloud, the huge spider who is really hungry, and the flying horse, which probably breeds one of the most beautiful sequences my old eyes have ever seen. <br /> <br /> -This is a purely fantasy film from the beginning to the end of flying horses, junkies, flying carpets and magicians who can really make a spell instead of just hitting people with their crew. She has no cheese moments and the love story is not a waste of time. Production designs are stunning in this movie. From the palaces to the various dangerous traps the heroes encounter. Though this movie is over 40 years old, the production design is much better than most of the bullshit that appears in today's cinema. Music and songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will undoubtedly hail, "I want to be a sailor sailing at sea" as one of the great musical moments in the movies. Usually I'm not a huge fan of singing in movies because it seems to me that they are just as nice as my taxes but I will be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> -What sells a movie for me is the fact that you see things you do not see in everyday life, which is the same reason why I love things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill." The journey ahead of today's fantastic modern film came along with their realistic CGI to blow our days, was this movie that blew your mind without the green screen being scattered everywhere. One of my most popular shots in "Two Towers" is where we see the trolls who open the Black Gate, the main shot of this picture for me has seen how these fantastic fantasies are doing what is basically manual work, and that's about what I like Genie and other creatures in the movie. They just try to make a living there like everyone else, which gives them a real feeling, even if they're just fantasies. <br /> <br /> It's virtually impossible to watch this movie and not to notice where the creators of "Aladdin" have gained inspiration. The characters from this film are exactly the same characters in this movie from the story of Genie directly to the flying carpet. It's not a bad thing in my eyes, because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one on a planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing film. I first saw it as a child in my native land, and I thought it was the biggest thing in the world, and when I watched it again last week, I still think it's amazing. It is true that a great movie can withstand the test of time. Sure, the effects look somewhat obsolete and cheese-like, but they were back in the 1940s. It's not all that looks obsolete, because most things today can hold today when it's examined according to today's standards. If you ever wanted to see the live action "Aladdin" then you should get your wishes with this but an angry cynical bunch would probably be doing good in avoiding it because it will not be their cup of tea.
