The story of a thief in Baghdad (as he once claimed) attracted filmmakers from Raoul Walsh in 1924, who played Douglas Fairbanks in the first, silent rendering of the "Baghdad Thief" to less impressive and newer attempts. The best version, however, remains in the 1940s, which for its time was a surprising magical panoply of top special effects. These effects still affect their spell. For the film technicolor, who played Sabu as a thief Abu, John Justin, as a dream in love, defeated the monarch, Ahmad and June Duprez as the beautiful princess Ahmad was seeking, and pursued by the evil Vizier, Jaffar, who played the ominous Conrad Veidt. The huge genie is really Rex Ingram. <br /> <br /> Ahmad is betrayed by Jaffar and when later arrested by this treacherous snake, he and Abu's boy suffer what is apparently incapable of destiny. Ahmad is blinded and Abu becomes a nice mutt. Their adventures through cheerfully decorated Hollywood backlots are fun, but special effects make this movie work. Two men were responsible for everything from a magical flying carpet to a gargante genie that jumps out of a tornado bottle-like a black swirl: Lawrence W. Butler and Tom Howard. (Howard incidentally had special effects for the 1961 version of the film. Both men had a long and prominent career in technical witches.) Duprez is exceptionally beautiful and at the same time few calls for serious action. Justin Ahmad presents a controlled but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulses. Sabu is in fact the main actor in many scenes and he is very good. For a movie designed for both children and adults, there is a lot of violence but no blood. Still, I do not think anyone under the age of eight should see the "thief of Baghdad". This film makes a regular appearance on TV, but today I saw my teenage son in the theater with relatively few youngsters present. It was great to see how children in crazy communities in a rich community respond with pleasure and applause to the special effects that must seem primitive to them. "Thief of Bagdad" is a pre-war classic from Hollywood, where strong production values ​​have often led to a constantly attractive and important publishing. This is one of the best of its kind. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
