Amazingly beautiful film, one of the few that I've seen when I'm young, who has excited me and I'm still doing. In the case of a thief, it seems that the impression really looks better. By the 90's, we've seen your daughter so many times on TV, but still we went to the pictures when she came to a local cinema in an art house? when it was over, we came out with starry eyes with poetry-filled heads and exciting music by Miklós Rozs, who wished it took a couple of hours longer to think what beautiful world it was all about again. Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to guess for a moment between his people to check things, but the evil Vizier Jaffar has the chance to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping with a small thief who plays Sabu, Ahmad captures the princess and falls blindly in love? they have many adventures along the way (though it's probably not enough for Sabu!) and love not only conquers but destroys everything. Special effects had to be fascinating in 1940, but time has taken its toll and reduced its impact, especially since the digital cartoon has also taken live action? but after 40 years he's still holding on to movies like Superman. Anyway, if I'm asked to interrupt the mistrust in gargantuan gffffawing genies, flying horses and carpets, I also broke the distrust of the perfect special effects! Favorite bits: Dreamy scene in the sunny garden when Ahmad reveals himself and Adelaide Hall is a romantic song; stunning colors in the tent in the land of the legend? in fact, stunning colors throughout; Sabu and Rozs is a triumphant but still sad final. Conrad Veidt played baddie in two of the most incredible film novels ever, this and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the lead roles of lovers, both light and refreshing, but these parts did not require a huge amount of emotion: only pure love depended on it. a couple of slightly violent images in it, but make sure it's a glamorous experience of feeling with a 100% positive message, it's just a shame that today's little kids do not watch the porn site they prefer. One of my Top 10 favorite movies, can not I recommend it too much? it can be shown at the end of time.
