Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this film in 1951 also starring in Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a highly fictional biography of the legendary world-renowned tenor whose name is known even today. The film is beautifully produced and the music is beautiful and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judyla Novotna, Blanche Thebom and other opera stars that appeared in the film. If you are a purist, you can see that people on the stage who smile during Sextet's "Lucie" will find you strange - even though Carus's wife Dorothy had only a little girl. It is also very unlikely that Caruso sometimes sang Edgardo in Luce; the role for him was too high. <br /> <br /> In scriptwriting, the script skips some very dramatic parts of Carus's life. What was so remarkable is that he actually created a role in the operas that are today in the standard repertoire, but it is never mentioned in the film. These include Maurizio in Adrian Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "The Golden West Girl". There is a famous photo of it that presents it with an envelope wrapped around it like a toga. The reason for this photo? His only shirt was in the laundry room. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the Victor Talking-Machine Company (later RCA Victor). He sang Jose in Carmen in San Francisco during the earthquake night. Instead, the story of MGM basically dies him on stage during Martha's performance, which has never happened. He had bleeding during Met's "L'Elisir d'amore" and could not complete the performance; he only sang three times in Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role in Met was not Radames in Aide, as shown in the film, but by the Duke of Rigoletto. So when the screen appears "proposed by her husband Dorothy Caruso's biography," it was - he suggested. It is true that Dorothy's father refused to marry her and left her $ 1 of his massive estate. They also had the daughter of Gloria (who died at the age of 79 on July 10, 2007). However, Caruso had four other children from the lady before he married Dorothy. Some people say Lanza's voice is remarkably like Caruso's, but just listening to Caruso singing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's voice is remarkably different from Lanza. In fact, from his sound, he wanted, Caruso could sing as a baritone. He is supposed to have some difficulty with high notes, other evidence of baritone tilt; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role that Lanza was definitely not. Lanza's voice deserved not to be compared to another. He has uniquely contributed to film history, popularizing opera music. He sings the music in "The Great Caruso" with strong energy; he is really here at the peak of what would be a short career. His acting is natural and right. Ann Blyth is beautiful as Dorothy and she sings a little on her own. <br /> <br /> Really a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans, who are probably the same.
