After a random encounter on the train, the young couple spends one night walking through the streets of Vienna and discusses life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to watch young Julie Delpy bring his lines. Like Celine, this is a sexy, courageous, soulful blonde with brown eyes, a sort of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in their twenties. Celine is practically an ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, while she is natural, undemanding, introspective and selflessly loving. We can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and she speaks blue because her sincere, intelligent notes sometimes penetrate. Her varied expressions are just charming and speaks English with a French accent that is very cute. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the mask of this good film, it would have to be her unfortunate and disheveled cube. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" looks like a vague kindness, like Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. If he tries to look detached and awkward, he runs a little over certain shots. His trousers are wrong, his shirt does not fit, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) need a good wash and someone really should show him how to adorn his young goat skin properly. However, it assumes that it represents a double weekly ticket across Europe, which means that the view he has cultivated is likely. His frequent cynical observation and a sad sense of humor reminiscent of the relentlessly romantic Celine, though sometimes disturbed by the extent of his estrangement. When she finally admits that she is totally ill and happy to be close because she feels like another person in her presence, we know she's getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After throwing their collective funds at a number of cafes, bars and silly diversions, they agree that because they can never visit each other they should make the most of it. Jesse takes a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender to repair the newly discovered Mrs. Love in a local park in the middle of the night to lay on the grass, look up at the moon and stars and look up at the sun. <br /> <br /> Due to its endless happiness in the romantic ward, it is particularly unpleasant when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive fool, foolishly allows this beautiful young lady to slip out of his grasp. It contains a semi-empty plan that he quickly invented at the train station as he leaned back to retreat to the same place in half a year. When the time comes, you know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another, maybe even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, he probably will not show, while Jesse, who eventually works in Target or, if he is lucky, a local library, goes back to Vienna, desperately to see her again, only to end up alone. /> <br /> Despite what was a very discouraging conclusion to me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend both this and the sequel, "Before sunset".
