I managed to capture last night in April "Before the Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004) and saw both films in a row without really having the chance to capture the breath between them or to think the importance of each film alone. After sleep I have to say that I prefer to a large extent to another and explain why. Before Sunrise, we will introduce ourselves to young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Company), only 25 at the time of the release of the film; and Julie Delpy (three-year trilogy), then 26 (though they look much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer who, following a break with his girlfriend, travels across Europe; She is a young French student on her way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train together. Two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals than spend the night together walking along the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and ideas, and gradually falling into love. The film is written after 1990: the technology quickly jumped, the new millennium with all hope and dreams waited right around the corner, and young adults like those depicted in the film were filled with love for life and enthusiasm for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if mistaken or intended by half Americans - half French, and swinging from one spectrum to another, credibility) were a mirror of time. Watching a naive couple swallow life with such a sense and excitement, all cliché and romantic, and yet they've managed to get an audience, is what really did this movie for me. The fact that the director does not know whether their relationship continues after the movie or does not make it even more profitable. <br /> <br /> Everyone in all, Sunrise is a dream walk through the urban landscape of Vienna, a well-known classic romantic encounter and a movie that I will definitely return to the next look sometime in the future.
