I bought DVD Before Sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. When I saw it twice, I could not help, but I missed the sunrise, not because the sequel was not that big, but I felt that these two films had ended each other as if no further sequel had taken place, every time I was follows one of them, I feel the need and the desire to see the other. So I ended up spending the weeks when I both watched them repeatedly, I'd be ashamed of how many times. The most remarkable thing before sunrise is how you feel the development of the mutual feelings of your characters. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic movies may think they can follow developments, but for me - who do not believe in Nora Ephron - before sunrise is the first film that really gives the audience a chance to feel it. When I first saw it, about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I enjoyed it. But I did not rate it as a "great movie", it still seemed to me that another person felt like a good movie, Linklater was too smart to be more realistic, it was too long for 10 minutes, the characters were too much I liked because it was like a dream because I enjoyed their interviews, etc. But now, thanks to the sunset, I feel it's more like sunrise than what I've been feeling before. I saw these elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each is a separate element in itself and have a chance to mix, the story is just a time frame, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as her refusal to be too effective, how blind I was that those qualities did not recognize me as exceptional when I saw it for the first time! After eight years, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist due to their ending, even films like Pulp Fiction or Linklaters own Slackers included. The story of Jesse and Celine is to avoid the possibility of sunrise being a better example in this case, but before sunrise is also one of the few films that its end is only a result of time, not a goal, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or someone else meant a sequel when they did before Sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels is how these two films contrast each other. Before sunrise, which, in my opinion, employs static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness surrounding Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I'm going to the boredom of vision when Jesse broke up with journalists in the movie Before the Sunset, and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I've seen at the start of the movie and many moving shots take me to a place I do not know about, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am to meet again. I'm sorry I've been going on for a long time with limited English. It's an extraordinary movie before sunrise without shedding my scattered thoughts, and that's even better when it's just as big a sequel.
