When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 with a free advanced project, I was totally amazed and would like to pay it. I'm sorry when I spoke with many people after seeing them and who were totally disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the result and with everyone else. The people I spoke to said that there is too much talk! In addition, they were unhappy because they felt that the end to the left was thinking about the fate of both characters. I have found that these observations are absurd, and they are also painful evidence that most of the American film community tends to want easy stories in films that are too complex and intelligent to avoid being confused. They also love the spoons fed a tidy end - happy or sad. It disgusts me. No one wants to be questioned already ??? And as for the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm completely happy because I know that in these hearts these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your personal belief in romance and fate. It is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But it definitely spoke to me. Give him a chance! Be patient! Richard Linklater has created a very beautiful film with a beautiful story against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. By watching it, you feel as if you are walking through city streets along with characters. It's as if you're going to Europe on the Eurail pass. It is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpa are doing a great job of bringing a complicated script to life. They had to have some improvisation and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their distress, as strangers are known to begin with, is very credible, and you can really feel romance and the bond between them as the film progresses. I feel it was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater, and I really respect him for filming this film. She definitely touched me, and I hope he is touching the others anyway. Bravo for romance !!!
