Many critics on this thread seem to choose the comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Look at the Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by Nazi moths, while the main benchmark brought out "Casablanca" is the seemingly unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, as they instead chose Paul Lukas as the Best Oscars. I did not think it was bad. Lukas had a good career in the movie (both here and in England - he's a villain in "The Lady Vanishes") and this performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years ago, both were the first performances and he won the Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C Dobbs in the "Sierra Madres Treasure", a writer / murder suspect in a "lonely place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" afterward - got it for Charley in the "Queen of Africa"). I think Bogie should get Dobbs, but it did not happen. But Luke was lucky - he got him into the decisive performance of his smaller career. Few can claim that. <br /> <br /> The film that I'm watching on 'Watching the Rhine' is based on another Hellman play / script, 'The Searching Wind'. Both look at the American spirit of isolation in the 1920s and 1930s. The "Search Wind" really looks at the whole of the wars, while the "Watch On The Rhine", which is taking place in the years of our entry into the Second World War, time. Therefore, it is better designed as a game and has a greater sense of its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, led by Lukas as an exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping her character as small as Lukas is the Play activity center) Coulouris as a selfish, intriguing but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as mother Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris' wiser and sadder and poisoned wife) and Kurt Katch, who delivers devastating criticism (as the Gestapo chief of the local embassy) about Coulouris others to deal with the Nazis. He has a bite dialogue. And what he says is quite true. He also has moments close to poetry. Assume the scene ends when Coulouris is alone with Lukas and Davis and says, "The New World has left the scene in the Old World." Hellman could write very well sometimes. Due to the strength of the film script and the performance, I would throw a lot of this film into the movies of the Second World War.
