There are a lot of remarkable things going out before sunrise, too much to fit into such an overview, but it is enough to say that this is one of the most prominent feature studies of the nineties, perhaps even in the whole of the current cinema, to be attentive to love, speech, as well as human connections. How do you fall in love at first glance? Nobody has done it, at least it is the deep consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. Yet * ​​there is a possibility of such an intense connection, a connection that can be formed in those who are young and have many ideas that can be expressed articularly and with wide cynicism and are somehow very tender and true at the same time. Linklater gives us a story about Celine and Jessie, a French girl, and an American boy coming out of the same train heading to Vienna, and talking about things first and then personal (Jessie sees death for the first time in his grandfather). Jessie convinces Celine to go with him in the city of Vienna to the next morning's plane. Before sunrise, Jessie and Celine give a splendid scenery and location in Vienna, which can continue with themes of great importance, and in a sense they have talks about how to look if someone has led to another and others. Here are often relationships and commitments, since Jessie and Celine tell stories sometimes somewhat insignificant or seemingly so, and others who can say a lot about their basic qualities. We hear confessions of desire for other love, or what they really love to be part of a family or part of education that may or may not inform you how to love your life, what it means to believe or not to believe in any religious form, or just have any connection with any faith soul (I loved a little quaker in the church) and sometimes I was tied up with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for this last part, but what's fascinating about the film is that it's never cynical, just commenting on cynicism about the fears of men and women at this age of their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always great to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles where they are not always poisoned in 90th generation mode, but they are people who are not in the central domain of a movie that is not bad at all, but necessary, one may think that they are walking around the streets of the city. Outstanding from the old romantic picture ala Brief Encounter, here intimacy is expressed in central characters either with each other, where sweet asids are really acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret," says Jessie and then leans in for a kiss, ho-ho ) or in small moments that appear to other people on the road. I like a scene with a movie poet who suddenly finds a random romantic little player in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words as he or a palm reader, and how the reactions from Jessie and Celine are that we could share, but we really see that they do it first hand. While Hawke and Delpa embody the role interestingly - we can see how neuroses are created for their adult life - because it can lead to the future ... Thanks to beautiful cinematography and scenarios with the ear for a natural joke and the real meaning of what it takes to be lucky , however in itself, because it can lead to something more. Who says you can not suddenly be connected to someone, for example in less than 24 hours, and be much more attached than a married couple? Maybe Linklather's work, but it's more than just that. It's a very dense movie and the one who calls me again. Especially one scene that is both shabby and brilliant when two of them are talking "on the phone" in front of them and imitating their expositions can go to a second friend. A +
