Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous playwrights, was a woman with a mission. Her left-wing views were not well appreciated at the time. In her memoirs, she tells her trip to the then Soviet Union because she was interested in the so-called successes she had achieved. "Watch on the Rhine" had to come as a result of these years. The left wing in America, as well as around the world, had a problem with the rise of fascism not only in Europe but also in Japan. "Watching the Rhine" Broadway eight months before the Pearl Harbor attack on the Japanese. This was Mrs. Hellman reporting American entry in the Second World War. This adaptation is attributed to Mrs. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her long companion. According to the instructions for the screen by Herman Shumlin, the film was very well received when it was premiered in 1943. <br /> <br /> We will meet the Muller family when the film opens. They cross the border with the United States from Mexico. She has to go to Mrs. Muller's home in Washington, DC, where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a celebrity hostess. Mullers, we are aware that they are fleeing to Europe for persecution against the opponents of the advancing totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, we thought Mullers could be better justified if they were Jewish, to escape from a certain extermination. We found that Mr Muller had in his native country, as in other places, because of his openness in condemning Fascim. Few know that he comes to the house of his mother-in-law who is one of the worst exponents of this philosophy. The film offers excellent acting all around. It's a curiosity because of Bette Davis's supporting role. Paul Lukas, who repeats his role on Broadway, is quite convincing like Kurt Müller, the right man to make a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukáš does a great job in which Kurt Muller performs and repeats the role that makes him a stage light on Broadway. The second best performance is Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, the matriarch of this family. Geraldina Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, a guest of the Farrelly, married to contemptuous Teck Brancovis, a Nazi nephew playing George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods and the rest of the accompanying cast provide good performances led by Mr. Shumlin. The film should serve as a reminder of the evil of totalitarian regime, no matter where.
