Before sunrise is romance for the slacker generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is unlikely for most people. The film shows romance in all that is fame, but without any pitfalls affecting most couples; and in short, the film is about two people who have a relationship that is so close to the perfection they will ever have - the only problem, the problem of time. While most relationships a second with time, this continues strong throughout and time alone is the only thing that is exhausted. Before sunrise is certainly not a typical sentimental "Hollywood romance," which is another aspect that puts this film ahead. The story follows two people, Jesse; American and Celine; a French girl who meets a train to Vienna. They immediately join, and after telling their horrible idea about a TV show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for a day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... Before sunrise, he works mainly for two reasons - Realistic acting and an enormous scenario that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings, allowing us to know how we make people in real life. This allows the characters to be free and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working from the script. It also allows us to feel the characters for who they are and not just because they are protagonists. This kind of realism is hard to capture, because at the end of the day we as an audience knew they were watching the film and not seeing real life; but before sunrise is one of the truest expositions of realism ever seen on the screen. A really great script can not work on his own and needs great actors to deliver them to such a degree that justice and though I am not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; when you look at this movie, there is nothing you can do but give them both respects. I do not know if they are in character or just play themselves, but when the film is so good; it's hard. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, it's the most important writing, and there are several life notes in the script, most of which I can personally do. This is what Richard Linklater achieved through this script because he not only creates and builds characters, but can also show what true love is, along with several other aspects of life. The fact that not all the anecdotes seem to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different and different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There could be certain aspects regarding one person loving one person and hating one person; and this is the case for songs in this scenario. Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important to the film because it is a story that could be played almost anywhere - but it does for some beautiful visuals and the charming, energetic romance that blooms all over the movie is associated with beauty <br /> < br /> Before Sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something rare in the world of cinematography; a movie that captures the beauty of life without getting over the top or being too sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is is a pure kinematic brilliance.
