When I found the movie in the schedule of Christmas holidays, its name did not sound good because I did not read a novel and I did not hear anything about the movie. After reading the content, I decided to spend the Christmas night watching the movie. The effect surprised me completely: I do not remember the last time I saw a movie I was involved in every moment. And VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of the films that now represents the real surprise I got from the cinema. Here are some of my reasons why I consider this film to be a very underestimated piece of good cinema. <br /> <br /> First, the whole content is especially educational. It has something to offer to a modern audience - pure true faith and some answers to universal questions. Is Christ in our time necessary? Does love still matter? What's the faith? What is the logic of burdens and suffering in life? Is it really someone on my side that I can always trust? The film provides answers through the content, because everything that happened to the characters can also happen to each of us. <br /> <br /> Second, the movie is exceptionally humane. The main characters are experiencing internal struggles and coping with extremely hard decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman) and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own lives and forget about the family or preserve the values ​​learned at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman he fell in love with? In fact, Ellen does not recognize him anymore ... Yet he decides to entrust his faithful loyalty to his wedding. If John was a rebellious brother, Phil (D. David Morin), better to continue his easy life, although he does not give him satisfaction, or once he starts to talk seriously about his life. Phil's prayer to God in the park is a psychological masterpiece of the universal aspect of mankind. These words could be as well spoken by all, no matter where and when and how they live. Third, the film is a great image of a family that is not very popular today: there is always something stronger that these people put together. This "thing" is love and trust. I know it may seem a little idealistic. Not all families can rely on loyalty and it may not be that easy. However, it is a very educative and realistic aspect. <br /> <br /> Fourth, the whole film focuses on helping people together. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we have to understand one thing: we need to help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of this attitude. At the beginning of the movie, we see that he is talking to John about prayer. Later he helps his brother. Alexander is a little "angel" sent to John and his family. Is it not possible that we can become angels to each other? Fifth, artistic features are also worth seeing. POWERING: Barbara Babcock gives an authentic performance like Ellen, and despite having a difficult role, she does the perfect job. Consider, for example, the moment you appear at school and want to re-learn badly. Ken Howard is also known as a faithful husband. PICTURE: The most memorable scene for me was the scene of John and Ellen in a park walking on fallen leaves (autumn), while the sun (love) spreads everywhere. I explained a symbol: although it is sadness, it can always be illuminated by light and joy ... VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful film that has realistically shown me what it means to love, what is the fidelity that it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe. Finally, I would like to quote the deep words from the film I found very moving and I hope you will also be doing Kyle to your uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives by the Bible. But nobody forces you to do so. But according to the rules you live in?
