Let me tell you the story of the summer of 1994. My friend and I attended the Day Day concert in Barrie and it was who is one of the best Canadian age bands. We got there about four in the morning, we waited in most of the morning hours, and when the door opened at 9am, we were among the first in the gate. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly creeping, but we did not care about it because the head was among our favorites. At one point, I sat down in the afternoon and leaned back to the barrier. I was awakened by my shock and horror at the glamorous girl wearing the Rheostatics T-shirt. That's why I hated Rheostatic today. There is nothing reasonable nor tasteful, nor really anything except their fandom. I'm angry, right? So, in my hate band, I denied myself that it is a pleasure that is whale music. Desmond Howl had everything. It's hard to say what's lost, because he lives in a fantastic manor that is hiding between the ocean and the mountains (the area BC where the film was shot is breathtaking). The life that most of us are dreaming of is dismantled by dreams, phantoms and their own past, until they reach a teenage criminal ... and as if it sounds, it suffers him. <br /> <br /> The Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. In general, lack of money, as well as an intolerable lack of assistance (as if some function ceases to be Canadian) leads to a reduction in production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not want to sound or look good, not as an American film. In addition, Canadian screenwriters often look so concerned that they are strange that they have lost sight of telling a good story, and that's good. Third, he seems to think that homeless nudity (often a full front) is doing something artistic. I'm sure anyone who watches so many Canadian films, especially late at night on CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like "do not do it", there was somewhere, and Canadian creators threw it before long ago. But in the 90's and 00's, some movies (such as Bruce McDonald's Work and Brilliant CRAZY) broke this form and kept them doing what they did to Canadian while retaining observable production values ​​and great stories. Whale Music is such a film on the surface. Deeper than his Canadian isma, it is a deeply moving story about a man who has lost his grasp through the sadness and surplus that is redeemed by music and love. And that's what the Rheostatic will buy. :)
