Charming does not even start "Save Grace". it's absolutely irresistible! Everyone who gets into this movie will leave his spirit with a high haha. Grace Trevethyn (Brenda Blethyn) just lost her husband, but her troubles are getting worse. Her dear left without money and unpaid debts. Faced with the loss of everything, he has to find out how to get a lot of money ... quickly! She gets an idea when her gardener, Matthew (Craig Ferguson), asks a renowned gardener to advise him on a plant that grows secretly. Grace immediately realizes that his plant is marijuana and therefore decides to use her horticultural skills to grow a lot of high-quality weeds and then sells them to repay their outstanding debts. The most remarkable quality about "Saving Grace" is its liquidity. Each character is very sympathetic and, in addition to the first 20 minutes, the film is always good. Everybody wants a happy ending for everyone, even though it means that he gets rid of some of the rather illegal activities. Acting is top-notch. Brenda Blethyn is one of the best British actresses and here's the reason. He turns to what the cartoon might be like for a totally lively and breathing individual. She's a pretty lady, but she's not stupid. Craig Ferguson is as fond as Matthew. He's lost, but he's so nice he does not matter. The rest of the cast also occupies this category, but the special mention must go to Tcheka Karyo. The French actor always has a terrible aura and it suits him, but he also has great comedic skills. Nigel Cole will find the perfect tone for "saving mercy". It's all about spell. One of the problems I have with British humor is that it seems that all the energy from the film will fall out. Not here. The film is thoroughly sweet and always fun. This does not mean that "Saving Grace" is just a nice movie that lets you smile and feel good. While this movie is not out and out of comedy, it boasts two or three scenes that are not hysterical. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the movie, it's that the climax is a bit confusing. But the questions are answered and the end can boast an unexpected step. See "Saving Grace", especially when you have a bad day.
