"Emma" was the product of what might have been called the first Jane Austen cycle in the mid-1990s, and it was recently shown on British television, undoubtedly due to interest in the author created by the second big Jane Austen cycle, which began with "pride and prejudice" Two years ago. We currently have "Becoming Jane" biopic Austen and ITV has recently produced three television films based on Austen novels. These include the "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six major novels that were not previously filmed, so the cycle should now be completed. There is no doubt that more will come in the near future. (After all, her teenage "Love and Freindship" (sic), short novel "Lady Susan" and someone somewhere undoubtedly supplied their two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." Are all those Austen's sequels spitting out of modern writers? ?????). The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from the noble family in Regency England. (Not as some reviewers assumed, the Victorian England-Austen died before the birth of Queen Victoria). Emma is much better than most of Austen's heroes like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and has no need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, the main concern seems to be finding a husband for his friends. He convinces his friend, Harriet, to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, who believes that Harriet should focus on Mr Elton's ambitious priest. This scheme is disastrously bad, but Elton is not interested in Harriet, but Emma loves herself. The speed at which Emma rejects her proposal makes one wonder why she was so determined to admit her girlfriend to a man she considers (with good reason) to be an inappropriate spouse for herself. This is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less committed by the spinster than she seems, and she also finds himself in love, leading to further complications. Emma always insists on taking her without love, and when she finds a partner, Mr. Knightley, we feel it will be a really loving marriage. It seems, however, that he is unlikely to be very passionate (as opposed to, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (21 years, 37) and associated with marriage, is more like a father-figure than a lover. She's a lot more father's character than her real father, an embarrassed and self-confident old hypochondriac who looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably frantic and lengthy friend, Miss Bates, she's Knightley, who's hiding her for lack of behavior. (His surname is likely to indicate his gentleman's nature - gentlemen from the nineteenth century like to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their complicated chivalry codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parts very well, but it's not really one of the great novels on the screen. Of the other characters I liked Julie Stephenson's vulgar Mrs Elton and Harriet Toni Collette. I know the Harriet novel was a naive young teenager, while here she is more of Colletta's character in Muriel's Wedding - a small overweight, a little overweight, who cared about her chances of finding men. However, I felt that this characterization works well in the context of the film and does not aggravate the Austen themes. "Emma" is one of Austen's most famous works, with no darker tones "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", which is projected on the screen. We see the world of beauty and grace, full of beautiful homes and elegant costumes and fine behaviors. In addition to the furious Gypsies who are very short-lived, they are the only "poor" people we see, Mrs Bates and her daughter, and because they live in the form of a picturesque cottage with pink branches that now change their hands to 500,000 pounds, that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In the world of Emmy, poverty is defined as having no one's own house. This, however, is not a complete picture of life in the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever asked Austen as a Regency equivalent to a realistic kitchen sink. A sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen eye for human character analysis, was more in its order. I would not rate this movie as high as 1994's "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride and Prejudice" - it tends to pull a bit in the middle, although it has a strong start and a strong end - but it's a very nice adaptation of Austen. 7/10
