Romance is in the air and love is blossoming in the Victorian era of England, in this reckless story built against society at a time when fashion was still fashionable, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen smiled. "Emma," based on the novel by Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, plays beautiful Gwyneth Paltrow in the lead role. A self-centered asshole, Emma enjoys the great pleasure of having a romantic idea of ​​playing Cupid and trying to connect those she thinks fit. She has emerged from a successful match that ended in marriage, and she is also focusing on finding a friend for her friend Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt appears to be less than satisfying. Meanwhile, her quest is tempered by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose heart looks often seem a bit more skillful than Emma and provide the necessary balance. And Emma, ​​so impressed by what is right for others, neglects the heart, which is, in fact, the most important of all: Her own. The world goes by and love is over, but Emma is about to leave the ship. Fortunately, for her, somebody is right for her waits in the wings. Now if she can stop long enough to realize it. But like everyone who knows true love, he knows that heart matters can go right or wrong in the moment, depending on the least; and while romance is at Emma, ​​it must first recognize and seize the moment. McGrath created and delivered a nice movie that is great as a fresh air feeling in our often turbulent world. There may be reckless air, but in a retrospective story, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing that is - in honesty - almost to someone: Love. And thanks to McGrath's impeccable sense of pace and timing, everything is done in a way that is totally fun and enjoyable. It's a nice, influential film with a wonderful cast that successfully transfers the viewer to another time and to another place. It's light but absorbs; and scenic setting and action offers a sense of well-being and tranquility that allows you to dive into it and just go with the flow. <br /> <br /> Outstanding Paltrow, who won Oscar for best actress for "Shakespeare In Love," two years after this happened, seems to be comfortable and well at home in this genre. She embodies everything the British do, and makes it with such nature and equipment that it is a kind of exercise that is easily regarded as a matter of course or overlooked altogether. She's just as good at what she does and looks so easy. It has a charismatic screen and a great way to remind Audrey Hepburn. Still, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style, showing - such as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "Perfect Murder" - that she can play virtually any part and personal touch that does any role she plays. But it's with characters like Emma that really shine. She is so prominent and open, and her personality is so interested in being someone with whom it is easy to concentrate and enjoy watching, no matter what role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. Jeremy Northam also frees himself very well in the role of Knightley, and as Paltrow seems to be suitable for this genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the recent "Golden Bowl" in which he played the Italian Prince was less than satisfying. Here it is perfect; he is handsome and carries in such a way that he makes Knightley incredible and very real. Like Mr. Collina Firth, Mrs. Darcy, in the ministry "Pride and Prejudice", Northam created an unforgettable character with his own Mr. Knightley. Also outstanding in supporting roles and worth mentioning are Toni Collette, and Emma's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. Together, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people, and as such are becoming a vital asset to the overall success of this film. And demonstrates how invaluable is the support of players in the world of cinemas and movies of any genre. Supporting cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor ). The exciting, elegant film Emma is a reminder of the civilized behavior and values ​​of grace and grace in a world that is too often struggling with inconvenience. Even if it is only because of the magic of the silver screen, it is pleasant to escape into such a world as this one, even for a few hours, because it meets the need to restore faith in the human spirit. And that's the magic of the movies. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
