Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his interest in science fiction films based on the character of his 1997 "Elevated" short film, in which three people remain trapped in the elevator, while invisible monsters roam the building. His subsequent "Cube" project, which came out later that year, had a very similar assumption, this time with 6 people, and instead of the elevator it was a huge extension of interconnected Cubic deathtraps. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre a step further by deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation instead of choosing as much time as focusing on the human element as the characters act, react and communicate under inconceivable and dangerous conditions. In 2002, Natali returned to his bizarre film, which brought us "nothing," his latest and the most optimistic and most complimented film in the world "What if?" Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends who are linked by mutual departments from society and the lack of someone else with whom they will be. Dave, who has always been an obstacle to selfish and somewhat blurred nature, lives in homelessness with Andrew in his ill-placed and poorly constructed home where he often uses Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. In spite of all these two losses, they are happy together until one day their deep nature fails, along with some astronomically bad luck, landing them in the midst of some serious, jail-worthy troubles. In addition, they find that their house is considered inappropriate, and that it is planned to be destroyed before sunset, so that the misty, nightly mumbles panic about everything that gets worse they want the whole world to simply disappear. And it will be. <br /> <br /> Continuing the review would jeopardize a lot of the slow (sometimes too slow) movie to reveal what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human behavior under the pressure (ala The Birds) is here in rhythm, but simply by making friends as friends rather than aliens, he can break away from the thriller-horror element of this premise to open him a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he has become a "Cube" counter. <br /> <br /> The film, of course, is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In line with fundamental realism, our two dynamics of anti-heroes often become antagonists, sometimes with somewhat ugly results. Like the game "Desert Island," the film looks at how even the best friends when they are abandoned together can collapse, but at the same time shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very twisted, sci-fi way, it's a good feeling, good feeling with good heart and good intentions. However, there are a few problems with "Nothing". While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, are doing well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should be, given that it is up to them to have fun. There is some evolution in the relationship and personality of Dave and Andrew, some background is given, but in the end it is not enough. The generous spectator will sit in the less concerned parts of the movie to see it until the end, but cynics are probably giving up quite quickly. The acts mentioned above are adequate and, given the amount of "green screen" work that would be needed, is reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who co-wrote the script, have been longtime friends of Vincenza Natali: Hewlett has actually appeared in every Natali movie. Perhaps it was their creative contribution that directed this film in a more positive direction. But the story could be much more involved. Although it is rather fun, given that (no verbs are intended) nothing will happen, but you have the impression that in more experienced hands this could be done much more. <br /> <br /> All justice, 'nothing', is in many ways an impressive work. The concept is interesting, the direction is ingenious, the script works on a human level, and above all shows the development of Natalie's creative mentality. For fans of his work it will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little undesirable time. It's just a shame that the director of the fixation on the human track has prevented her from being the great, funny movie he could have been.
