When I saw CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenza Natali's work. Natali seems to have this clumsy ability to make a plot and hardly loses ours as a wet towel for all the stories he can collect. Instead, it lets the stories develop themselves in natural ways, so in fact you can really believe there is this cube when people are trying to escape, or in the case of NEVER a big empty place where it is ... nothing! The ad immediately played me. It felt so easy! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali makes it so simple that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world will become nothing irony in the movie. There is nothing, but also "something". <br /> <br /> It might be good to show that the trailer is very misleading. I was lucky to really understand that the film leaned closer to the more comical side than the trailer said otherwise. Watching the movie I laughed at any moment, while someone who is mistaken about advertising can be totally confused. If I wanted to give the movie a little praise, where the film excels, he is the concept. It's a genius concept that has a world of nothingness to build two characters, not two brilliant characters who philosophize and solve their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the hell they are! Another strong point is film cinema, though it does not have to look like it! Where every wall, north, land, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, the perception of depth becomes a defect. It's hard to tell where things are in Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments when it actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is positioned so that two characters or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background to allow for depth. /> <br /> However, this film is missing in some areas. The film is quite short, but even so, after a while, the news of this world is bored with some boredom and you want to find some form of solution within the conspiracy. We can also say that acting is again controversial. These two characters are in some ways insurmountable, and therefore we do not feel compassionate in these points. However, on the other hand, chemistry and friendship between these two characters seems pretty real, but there is something missing. Even so, I find it a very nice movie! Do not let your pendant deceive you to think it's another sci-fi horror movie. It's a lot more comedy! It's really worth watching, purely for the concept itself!
