He scrambled a little: "Nothing" could not be a kid's movie. It's a very clever concept, it touches some interesting metaphysical themes and goes against practically all the Hollywood conventions that you think ... what's more about nothing than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want the world when everything goes wrong with their lives. There is only what he hates, and a large empty white space. It's hard to concentrate the story of just two actors on most of your movie, especially without any cuts on something going on outside the fence. It focuses on almost one subject, but it is the main Vincenzo Natali territory. If you've seen "Cube," you already know he likes the type of situation. "Nothing" in this movie is a seemingly endless space, but Natali somehow succeeds in making a little claustrophobia, just because there is literally nothing else to go anywhere else. Actors sell it, though you can say that these guys are friends. Two actors from "Cube" are returning here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. Change changes throughout the story, and when they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least believable. The reason I say that it can be a child's movie under real improvement is because, in addition to several f-bombs and somewhat useless bloody sessions of dreams, the moody and often stupid feeling of this film can be very easy for kids to spend. So, I'm curious that the writers have decided to add some inscrutable language and a small amount of gore, especially when considering it's not too much. This could easily get the PG rating simply by cutting a few things and changing a bit of dialogue. This film is very undesirable, but only so that parents do not want their children to see. I just say it's a shame, not because I support censorship, but because it could be the only thing that would prevent this film from having a wider exposure. In any case, it is a reasonably entertaining film, even though with several drawn scenes. But because they were literally nothing and focused entirely on two characters and their mutual interactions with absolute nothingness, they are doing a surprisingly good job for independent film.
