The premise of this film is for some time tickling my imagination. We have all heard or read about it in some context. What would you do if you were alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world suddenly disappeared before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually what happens to Dave and Andrew, two friends living in a haven in the middle of the highway. Andrew is the least nervous wreck and Dave is considered one of the company's biggest losers. This in itself is the main reason why these two guys are doing so well because they simply return to each other when they need to be reassured. Just to ... <br /> <br /> There have been a lot of problems right from the start of the movie. Both deal with criminality, Andrew suffers from paranoia and simply dares not go out of the house. Dave is unsuccessful in his work and his colleagues do not like him very well and with the respect he deserves. The number of problems they face continues to rise until one day, when they will probably have to face the inevitable and deal with it. That's too much for them, and they want everything to go away ... And, of course, that's exactly what's going to happen. The rest of the story gives Dave and Andrew a disadvantage in this world. They are initially surprised and have trouble understanding and dealing with the features of this crazy environment, but later discover that they can do just about anything they want because they seem to be the only ones who still remain. > <br /> There is nothing incredibly small in the story - in fact, in addition to the first few pictures of the film, we see only Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) in the film. Obviously, in order to avoid it, casting has to be more than just for this task, because there is nothing in a world where nothing exists that could divert the viewer in any way. Vincenzo decided to use a reasonable amount of close-ups to make it more interesting and actually work quite well. Photo director Derek Rogers also has a nice way to poison audiences by retaining visual information, especially in times when someone sees and reacts to them, but we do not see it right now. <br /> <br /> It's obvious that it can not be a movie-driven event and it's not. Much of the action takes place outside their house when they move in the emptiness. And there are some of the most beautiful scenes, especially when Andrew discovered a candy store. Now, one might think, "How does it look like nothing?" It does not seem to be a real thing. The whole world is nothing white ... white, no matter what direction you look at. That's the weakness of this movie ... In an hour or less it's very boring when we look, and there must be events that make it more interesting to look. Thank God there are some. For example, when the two guys are of no use due to their qualities, they can jump really high, as if nothing of the tofu (as Andrew claims). It's fun to see how they can instantly not use anything to become the gods of their own small company. One of the best parts of the film is the set ... Production designer Jasna Stefanovič has done a beautiful job in this movie, the house in which these two guys live is so unnaturally fun to look at, it still seems right that these two live in such a place . Overall, the production design is undoubtedly one of the most powerful aspects of this film when it really does a movie that's worth watching ... The best part of the film is acting. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really look like professional actors, both of them. The camera is on them for every second of the film and, as has been said, there are almost no props in the film, they are really bare. Thanks to a lot of character development and certain decent ones, smart dialogue (sometimes terribly stupid), it all works for this purpose - and it really moves the film from a low-budget space to well-handed handwork. > <br /> Let's talk a bit about the visual effects, because it's worth mentioning. Nothing contains digital visual effects and prosthetics equal to any modern horror film. The movie is rather a scary scout succession, and although Drew has toured the whole scene, it's still fun to watch. One of the best visual effects in the movie is at the end when Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their strengths in this environment - they have the ability to want everything gone, so what if they can do it elsewhere and make things come out? <br /> <br /> "Nothing" is a clear and well lit movie, really helps to promote the idea that he is probably dead (it is actually one of their theories), but "nothing" is a comedy and Slowly destroys his own theory. We do not know where they are or what happened to them. We do not know if they ever get out because the movie ends before we see something like that. The end, by the way, is not as good as it might be. It is relatively easy to predict what happens, but the writers still think of several incidents to help make it a little more interesting, and in the end it is quite satisfactory. Take "Hollow Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and many other movies and you have "nothing". It's really amalgam of different styles, there is no other movie yet (at least about that I know) Nothing really is like. For people who remember the original comments on cubus production on their DVDs, they may remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with the story of the cube. Talking about him and André Bijelic that they are friends together, and both of them were in this extremely dull room with no hope of getting out, "nothing" could be a very well-projected version of the Cube story, and for that, it's almost like one of the predecessors of the Cube. What can I say? I enjoyed "nothing", it's a great movie and the different parts of the film are extremely well prepared with many smart ideas, I still feel that the movie is missing something and I have trouble finding out what it is ... Maybe if we have "Nothing 2 ", I can answer this question. "Nothing" is not a great movie, but not as good as I expected. <br /> <br /> Final rating: 7.5 / 10
