Nothing is fantastic! Simple! It's a movie that should not work. Natali remains in science fiction, but this film is also a comedy. It seemed to be a big budget that provoked the affair for Natali (for $ 7.5 million, Woo-hoo Pa!) So nothing worsens. It's a low budget, an independent movie is the best. Simple, good old-fashioned narration and an attempt to film a film for artistic merit, depending on Hollywood's usual reasons, mostly from financial gain. There's nothing about Nothing, and before you ask, it's not like Seinfeld! Essentially, Andrew and Dave are a few losers. They live in a strange-looking house under two highways. Andrew is a travel agent who is agoraphobic, while Dave is best friend Andrews, who remains free to help him. But Dave is tired and has a beautiful girlfriend she wants to join. But, according to bizarre misfortunes, Dave finds out that his girlfriend has made a huge amount of money from Daves' workplace when Dave accused, and Andrew is wrongly charged with a sexual assault on Girl Scouts (Canadian humorous people!). As it turned out, Andrew's house would also be destroyed and unable to stop because the house was built on the ground, it should not be built. Andrew and Dave are inside the house when police and demolitions arrive. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion as well as the police crack in everything as they disappear to white. What happened? Dave and Andrew died? They will wake up to find themselves in the house, just silence. No police, no demolition team, no angry Mother Scouts! What happens, Dave and Andy find they have the ability to "wish or hate." As it turned out, he hates the whole outside world. They are left alone. The house is not surrounded by anything that is displayed as pure white. So it means the movie setting is set home and then white. The film is an interesting view of human isolation and psyche and, of course, because they spend more time alone without food and without water, they start to bother each other. They find they can hate hunger, which is useful, but of course things are out of the question, we say. I can not reveal much, but I have to say that jumping heads are quite interesting. <br /> <br /> This movie is special, fun, interesting. The effects are simple but effective, and Natali brings together two Cube friends, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and work very well. They have to hold 90% of the film themselves and much of that pure white background, yet it works. I certainly expect it to become the same devilish treatment as Cypher, and it should be a DVD for a year or two in the States. Nothing is top quality and a unique movie, and although not as good as Cube or Cypher, it again proves Natali as one of the best and most beautiful. <br /> <br /> Natali is someone who has really caught me in my three and I can not wait for his next job yet. I'm afraid God does not make the proposed necropolis, written and controlled by the ADD sufferer, still busting Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old friend, if Paul goes back to your mat, RUN !!! Go like a wind! I hope this guy will not go to Hollywood, as Alex Proyas did (with a pleasant, yet cat, coated sugar, helium light: Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for that guy. ****
