089: Footlight Parade (1933) - issued September 30, 1933, shown 5/5/07. <br /> <br /> Ice cream cone is invented in New York. <br /> <br /> KEVIN: After a long and busy break we encountered another musician Busby Berkeley from Warner Bros. This time it's a very fast pace where James Cagney plays as a stage equestrian producer Chester Kent. I'm 100% confident that Cagney directed Berkeley with his performance of the uncompromising Kent, who must come up with new ideas for the show every minute. Joan Blondell is also excellent because she is interested in interest in the secrets of acidic tongue teeth. Subplot Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell is not so important this time, but not less pleasant. One thing that troubled me was Berkeley's performance itself, which seemed too extravagant and complicated to be performed on any stage, let alone what it was like to be a movie. Obviously, Busby will not allow him to do anything like a story to make up the most playable musical numbers he can conjure up. I like almost all of this movie to the end, with the insulting offensive number "Shanghai Lil", which, as you can guess, is probably like stomach-spinning as racially unpleasant performances will come. DOUG: Six films in three months. It must be a new record. Anyway, it's done by Warner Bros. 'the music trilogy of 1933, which preceded '42. Street 'and' Gold Diggers from 1933 '. I would definitely recommend tracking all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagney directed Busby Berkeley when Chester Kent played in this movie, or if what she wrote was inspired by Busby. I hope it was; it seems that it makes sense that Berkeley is the kind of guy who can see complicated dances in everyday events as Chester does. The sad thing about Cagney was that he did not look like a leading man in the traditional sense. He was a 5'7 ", quadruped and spoke with a special accent in New York, but the guy was quite versatile and he went from poisonous gangsters who knew him so quickly in the fast-talking creative species we see here he can dance. he was a leading man in the character character's body. Another cast has some familiar faces, Joan Blondell is back and just about the theft show as Cagney a loyal and licking secretary, Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler play a cute couple but seems to get less time to screen than before, Billy Barty appears again as a malicious imp.Film is typical of more racy and adult-oriented musicals from the time before the code, unlike the 50s and 60s that were more family-centered, and is Warner's the musicals of that year (the number of the "Shanghai Lil" does not solve when Keeler does a bad job of finding a Chinese). <br /> <br /> Last Movie: Dinner in the Eighties (1933) Another film: I'm not an angel (1933).
