An energetic young producer of theatrical prologues (those performances, usually musicals that have often gone through the movie in big cinemas in the past), have to deal with curve competitions, fraudulent partners, unfaithful lovers and amateur talent to realize their dream about FOOTLIGHT PARADE. <br /> <br /> While they are very similar to other musical flashes of Warner's films, especially GOLDDIGGER, this film had a special attraction that no one else had: Jimmy Cagney. It is amazing, relaxed and flexible, as agile as any cat - a creature that mimics in the film several times. Cagney draws the attention of the audience and never leaves, facilitates dialogue on a rapid fire and leaky conspiracy with his charisma and exciting spell. The rest of the cast also gives the best. Joan Blondell is perfect as a blonde, big-hearted secretary who was infected by Cagney (the main reading - why did not she give her a musical number?). Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler again play lovers on stage and out; the fact that her singing and acting skills are a bit on the poor side are offset by her dances; Powell still radiates boyish enthusiasm in his unusual position as the second male lead. Guy Kibbee and Hugh Herbert are a lot of fun as cousins, both of them accuse Cagney of cheating in different ways. Ruth Donnelly performs as Kibbee's rich woman, a woman who devotes herself to her beautiful temples. Frank McHugh is a harried choreographer's apt foil for Cagney's Joke. Herman Bing is cheerful in his small scene as a music arranger. Mavens will show little Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin and maybe John Garfield during the musical numbers. Ultimately, Busby Berkeley, the choreographer, is not. His Terpsichorean cafes, sprinkled over the decades of the 1930s, were the highest example of a cinematic leakage that wanted to obey the audience. The big joke about Berkeley's creations was, of course, that they were meant as stage productions in the conspiracy. But no theater has ever been able to keep these products from the idea of ​​a master. They are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment the movie camera has allowed. <br /> <br /> Berkeley's music offers usually used one of two different approaches, either a story (often somewhat bizarre) with song and dance; or even stunning geometrically designed numbers, eye candy, representing abundant girl choirs, camera direction and romantic melody. The extreme extravaganza of the FOOTLIGHT PARADE culminates with three Berkeley masters: 'Honeymoon Hotel' and its pre-production code that tells of the wedding night of couples; `By A Waterfall '- dozens of women who have not been dressed, splashing, floating and sinking in perfect patterns and patterns (peer carefully and see how synchronic effects have been achieved); and eventually "Shanghai Lil" - adaptable to the talents of both Cagney and Berkeley.
