When it happened, it was essentially the most modern musical movie entertainment. To date, it's much more fun than most, largely because of James Cagney's leading role as a musical prologue producer within a range of terms and protected from all the storms by his trusted "girl Friday" played by Joan Blondell. Also the musical numbers to the end that were assembled by Busby Berkeley are to a large extent knock-out as far as this type of thing goes. But that's a pretty strange movie. I mean, one of those numbers, you've got Billy Barty's, who pretends to be a sweet toddler, doing all sorts of weird things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a constant smile on her face, but at least she is not required to act like some of her later unfortunate movies. You could never guess that Dick Powell was a hard guy when he saw him in this movie; it seems that all the heavier human energies have been assigned to the Cagney star. As for Cagney, his high speeds are arguing about music shows and so on, they are cute and annoying at the same time. After some time, it survives a bit. You expect him to exhale and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are cigarettes and get out of the smoke!" "No, we did that last month!" It's funny, but it's a little bit repetitive. In the moments when he has to retreat with the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the Cangney gangster's characters will appear. In fact, frequent B gangster director William Keighley is credited with dialogue coaching, and Cagney and Blondell sometimes seem to call something very "street", though the characters are not criminal. numbers ... what can you say? Being as fun, the way Berkeley uses human body and geometry is really surprising. None of them means anything. This means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing really more or less. And the whole idea of ​​integration is immediately disintegrating, because the characters in the show do things that theater audiences could not appreciate as film portraits. For example, in one place they show fine print on newspapers, such things. The whole thing could only exist in the movie, so the idea that prologues are a real live performance is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience of time was a little less critical of such things than ten years later, because it is a very polished production. It's great to see Cagney himself show that he is able to share a scene with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry, and their scenes really work. The music I'm saying is just average, but mostly nice if it's repeated. Direction Bacon is generally very suitable, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is undoubted and has also gained a nostalgic value on the way. It's a film over most of the 1930s.
