It's hard to say what's up there, James Cagney's spell and energy, or the mouth that opens Busby Berkeley's excesses of three big showstoppers at the end. I give it a tie, with the Footlight Parade one of the most entertaining and fastest of the early thirties musicals. Although the film clearly belongs to Cagney, Joan Blondell inappropriately adds a story of good nature. <br /> <br /> And what's the story? It's Chester Kent (Cagney) who produces musicals and is now just out of business when they take over the talk. He began to do Prologs, the live musical entertainment offered on stage before the film began. There comes the idea of ​​making more and more of them, moving around the country. It's a fiery balls and ideas, and he needs all the ideas he can get to produce these things relentlessly. But his opponent is spied and steals his thoughts; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his wise cracked secretary, loves him but is too busy; office girl with round glasses (Ruby Keeler) wants to dance; his wife appears not to have divorced after all; the blonde gold football boot sets the hooks in it; his partners cheat him ... my god, what's next? It all sounds like a lot of digestion, but it all happens quickly when Cagney bounces, shakes, walks, stretches his fingers, handles orders, and occasionally - up to the last big number when he goes out to sing and dance - takes a step or two to they showed how it was done. <br /> <br /> Instead of meeting the show, the gang 'we have' We need to build three shows in three days, so lock the door and start trying. "These three superpologists will feature 40 choruses, magnificent effects, and they mean a rich contract with forty Kent units in deluxe movie theaters ... the whole circle of Apollo movie houses! Exhaustion threatens foot pain, but all unforgettable chorus in costumes (including Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour, you can quickly find Sothern, but Lamour is more general) stay on the pitch, dance their hearts out, giggle and buzz and look remarkably unsweaty. And then the curtains stand out as each Prologue is presented in separate movie theaters one by one the same night, while the owner of the Apollo circuit decides at night to save Chester's skin or not <br /> <br /> The first is the Honeymoon Hotel with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler in 9-minute production number that has a lot of healthy lasciviousness, with brides and grooms (some may even be married), bedrooms and beds, and doors with the inscriptions "Do not disturb". <br /> <br /> Then another theater and 11 minutes "at the waterfall", which probably had Warner Brothers account for bankruptcy. That number is so excessive - dozens of swimmers, trees, a fountain, a huge cave with water slides, a huge pool - you would never have thought depression. Berkeley pulls out all his tricks - synchronization, human patterns, legs, and hands that make all sorts of precision - and he does it in water and a lot of underwater photography looks up. Girls are a game. They come with a smile with water in their eyes and still hit their stamps. The whole thing must be incredibly difficult and exhausting. Ruby Keeler, who has a couple of quick shots in the water, is the only one that looks a little cautious. <br /> <br /> And finally, breaking the final ... 11 minutes Cagney's dance and sings with Keeler on 'Shanghai Lil', with all sorts of girl bars and their customers, unusual in that the plants are mixed. Cagney and Keeler dance in the bar dancing on the table and Cagney fights. There is what looks like fifty or sixty marching marinas, swinging back and forth, rifles being thrown and trapped. Then ... that's true ... the human image forms of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle. This may be the only Hollywood musical production that ever portrayed Roosevelt, a large federal agency and a bunch of sexy Chinese prostitutes. <br /> <br /> It's fun, people. That's great! <br /> <br /> Of course Chester Prologues gets a big deal and Nan gets Chester. The film is full of juicy clichés that smile at us. Ruby Keeler is as cute as she seriously highlights her cocks with the hands that fly to help her. Joan Blondell forgets a lot of Hollywood women who could be more beautiful but have much less joke and personality. The film, however, belongs to Cagney, who catches and shakes him, and Berkeley, a man for whom too much is not.
