Old Oliver Stone (filmmaker) produced a film and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only real independent film studio Troma in the world, the creator of Toxic Avenger and the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, a lifetime award honored by the filmmaker for more than 30 years ). Lloyd, who himself made the money for this film, wrote this scenario with Theodore Gershun in 1970 and regretted later that he had been advised to have Gershuni to direct another film instead of doing it himself. But then he was still in business, and it is likely that because of such decisions that he will no longer have nonsense from anyone. It would be really interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - one of the most original, courageous, experimental and uncompromising directors in the world who would probably give him an even bigger edge than he already has. But just like the Gershuni movie. And the weather is due to the strong scenario or the fact that he is himself the director of his own, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, highly exciting and well-crafted film that deserves much more attention than he gets. The small studio (that was before Kaufman and his partner and partner for more than 30 years, Michael Herz, made up of Troma) had to work, is so well done that the movie looks much more expensive, really does not have a "low budget" on everything. The story revolves around lesbian Camilla Stone (played by mysterious Mary Woronow) and her mistress who escapes the dead due to circumstances that I will not reveal to destroy a wonderful story. This leads to the emergence of conspiracy, mystical games, and personality reforms that are freely inspired by Vertigo Hitchcock, and at least equally inventive. However, the atmosphere is much darker and some comparison with the results of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammel's EXHIBITION are coming to mind. In this mix is ​​a very original and inventive erotic laden thriller that keeps quite unclear as it all ends, which along with the wonderfully intertwined drawer with a nod to Kaufman's earlier and unfortunately inaccessible BIG GUSS WHAT IS FUSS makes it very exciting for one and a half hours . Surely one of the best movies in Troma's library and again one of those films that resist the curious fantasy that their catalog is bad taste. The DVD includes several recent interviews with Woron and Second Lady Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Crows' The Movie), giving some interesting insights into what was happening during the creation of this popular cult and a few hints of what it would be like other if Lloyd was driving him alone. Highly recommended.
