Begin, here's a synopsis: Porn Queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographer's lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexual Russian roulette. Alta is another lover, ice-cold lesbian agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), providing an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own program and plan involving seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) into a network of sexual thought games. When the identities of viewfarers are sufficiently out of focus, the podium is set to revenge as passionately as the most sinister body encounter. Although this film is quite obscure and never received too much attention, I find it a sexy, thrilling gem. The cult goddess Woronov has one of her best roles and she with sexy and innocent Lowry is playing well. Unusual music delivered by Gershon Kingsley and two original songs ("All-American Boy", "Say You Never Let Me Down") and "Sally, Go" around the "Jaynett" Rose make up an unforgettable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny is a sharp direction, with all those photographed in the muted tones of the earth, which perfectly suggest that the upper cortex of society is unconscious. The tone of the great atmosphere in New York is Ondine (Woron's friend and colleague Warholite), who in a small role gives great performance and exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in comic book. This partial conspiracy, though entertaining, seems to belong entirely to another film. However, I'm not complaining because the movie is smooth, even though the speed is changing and it's damn much more interesting that the erotic-thriller garbage is currently craned out. Trivia: Cookies were originally rated X (soft-core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of the original poster - Lucky Me! In 1977, the film was shot for R and re-released by the Troma team, which now offers him unprecedented videotapes. Mary Woron was then the wife of Theodore Gershuny and was reportedly uncomfortable to play graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him as he watched the camera. She also can be seen in two of his previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
