About the opium days, a dirty little boy (really a tiny guy), stupid prostitutes, violent fracas in diving, a motel for sex shenanigans, scantily dressed babes with a lot of barking, bozer falling down the stairs, racially mixed clients in a bar with Asians, Africans and Anglos does it sound like a movie playing in a local shopping mall? Poorly. All of these are scenes from a 1933 musician. The first half of the "Footlight Parade" is a musical fantasy creation that takes the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and loses his feminine wife as a result of talking images that push out live musicals. His producers took him to see a favorite day, John Wayne in the "Great Path". Before each movie view, the dance number is a prologue. Shorts, news, series and cartoons would later serve purpose. Kent gains the idea that the prologue string will be a way of salvation for the declining lively music business. Kent is basically the idea of ​​a man, following the example of choreographer Busby Berkeley. Cagney's character is a model for Berkeley? Could be. <br /> <br /> When preparing prologues, Kent learns that his ideas are stolen by his opponent. It reveals the traitor, fire it, then its unknown, that there is a new escape layer in the form of a dazzling Templar. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - early Ms. Dick Powell), has a job for Kent and is determined to uncover the misery of the boy. The new singer from Arkansas College will appear in the form of Scotty Blaine (Dick Powell), which will become a real find and will be associated with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three prologue musicals, which could not be presented in any daytime cinema, are now as fresh and enjoyable as they were more than seventy years ago: "Honeymoon Hotel", "Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil." A special note is song and hard dance James Cagney's guy. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance appeared naturally and untreated, although the hours went into practice to make every step become right. Not a good singer like Astaire, Cagney's singing, like Astaire, sounded natural, unlike what is so popular at the time. It's amazing that one person can be as talented and as versatile as James Cagney. Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment to the other two. However, the Kaleidoscopic choreography "At the Waterfall" is stunning. How Berkeley managed to shoot underwater ballets and create a human snake string had to be difficult because it was never repeated. Remaining shots that have been wonderfully mixed with distant angles are a must. Crunchy black-and-white photographs are much more artistically than they would if they were shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not so socially known as the 'Gold Diggers of 1933', 'Footlight Parade' stands alone as one of the most amazing and worst musicals ever to be on the big screen.
