Passport on Pimlico is a real experience for all fans of British cinema. Not only is it a pleasant and absolutely fun comedy, but it's film memories of past ages, attitudes and scenarios are sadly just memories of British life. Stanley Holloway plays the inhabitants of Pimlico Arthur Pemberton, who discovered the wealth of a medieval treasure belonging to the 14th-century Burgundian duke who had been deeply buried under his small suburban street over the last 600 years after an accidental explosion of an unexploded bomb. <br /> <br /> Treasure is an ancient law decree signed by King Edward IV of England. (which has never been officially abolished) when he stated that this particular street in London was declared a Burgundy land, which means that under international law, Pemberton and other locals are no longer British subjects, but the Burgundy natives and their small streets are an independent country in its own right and by the law itself. <br /> <br /> This sets up a war of wretched and impoverished resilience that finds themselves outside English law and jurisdiction, so in the case of drunken resistance they burn their books about the rations, destroy and ignore the coupons of clothing, apparently violate British laws on licensing, etc and said they were completely independent of Britain. But what happens then is the whip, the black marketeer, and the dishonest crocodile following his suit and crossing the "border" to Burgundy as a sanctuary and postwar restriction to sell his dodgy goods, and half of the London consumers followed them to avoid allocating, so their quiet happy little paradise, day of thieves and rather crowded. said that due to developments, it is "now a matter of foreign policy, which His Majesty's government is reluctant to engage", leaving the inhabitant high and dry. But they declare the legal border area and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road, mainly to watch smuggling, rather than securing any security for Pimlica residents. Eventually, the border is completely closed and a massive siege begins, with Bugundian residents slowly exhausting water and food, but never less fighting in true British style. As one inhabitant of Bugundian says, "we are English and we have always been English, just because we are Englishmen, we fight so hard that they are Bugundians" <br /> <br /> Sentiment, which will soon be repeated all over the world as when the rest of London learns of poor Bugundian miseries, everyone feels compelled to lean over and help them, throw food, and supplies barbed wire. Will Whitehall, who fought away, can attackers for centuries eventually bring this new group of foreigners to the knees, especially when these are English !!!! <br /> <br /> Great story and great fun. We must not miss it.
