My former cameraman contemporary, Simon Heffer, a writer and journalist today, suggests that, like British movie makers in the 1980s, they often criticized what they call "Thatcher Britain," the Ealing comedies were intended as satires at Attlee's Britain, was formed after the victory of Labor in the 1945 general election. This theory is probably not meant to refer, for example, to "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (something like satire on Edward's upper classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain a satire, but are not political in nature. It may, however, apply to most of the other films in the series, especially "Pas na Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was, at the age of forty, mostly a working class London, located on the northern bank of the Thames about a kilometer from Victoria Station. It is not quite right to say how often it was said that the film is about Pimlico "claiming to be independent" from Britain. What happens to discover an old charter that proves that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that Pimlico is technically an independent state and is almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to adopt a special law of Parliament to correct the anomaly, but unless the law receives the royal approval, the area will remain outside the United Kingdom, and UK laws will not apply. Because Pimlico is not a subject under British law, a local pub owner can freely open the hours he chooses, and local retailers can sell what they want to unlimited transmission laws to anyone they want. When other merchants move to the area to sell their goods in the streets, British authorities are horrified by what they consider to be legalized black trading and are closing off to try to force the "Burgundians," as the people of Pimlico have renamed themselves to surrender. Many Ealing comedies have as their central theme the idea of ​​a small man who takes on this system, either as a man, as in "Men in a White Suit" or "Lavender Hill Mob," or as part of a larger community as it happens in " Whiskey Galore "or" The Titfield Thunderbolt ". The central theme of the "passport" is that ordinary men and women take bureaucracy and government orders that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain for the 1940s. The special purpose of the film is the rationalization system. During the war, the system was mostly taken as a necessary victim in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically more controversial when the government tried to keep it at peace. It was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was voted by a large majority in 1945, and an organization such as the British Home Spouse League was set up for a campaign to cancel the allocation. I can not agree with the reviewer, who stated that the main goals of the film's satire are "spivs" (black marketers) who play a relatively small role in action, or the League of Women in the House, which does not appear at all. This satire is very focused on bureaucrats who are portrayed either as "rules of truth" or mentality, or the desire to pass money and avoid the need to take any action at all. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were to be filmed today, it would have another end when Pimlico remained independent as the British version of Monaco or San Marino. (I really suspect that today this concept would serve as the basis of a TV series rather than a film). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers were interested in stressful patriotism and British identity, so the film ends with Pimlico being reabsorbed to Britain. One of the most famous films in the film is, "We have always been English and we are always English, and it is precisely because we are English that we are holding our right to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the rather heartless attitude of the common sense, tolerance and good humor Cockneys of Pimlico, which are referred to as British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the events take place during summer drought and hot waves, but in the last scene Pimlico has rejoined the UK and the temperature is falling and precipitating with rain. Global warming may have slightly changed things, but for many years, a part of the British has been able to hold the conviction, which might mean that Britain has an unusually humid climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate is just as important. Stanley Holloway has a good performance as Arthur Pemberton, a food businessman and little time politician, who became Free Prime Minister Pimlica. funny portraits by Margaret Rutherford as a crazy professor of history. But it's all that is enough for a small community to pull together, it was an example of a band that played without real stars, but they all contributed to the excellent film. He misses the will and sorrow of many newer satirical films, but his joke and satire are not all that less effective for them. It remains one of the most entertaining bureaucratic satires ever, and with the exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favorite among Ealing comedies. 10/10
