It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplifying horror thriller with a very predictable conspiracy, no special attempts to twist or surprise, and virtually every single cliché that the genre has brought over decades, but that does not necessarily mean it's bad film. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this dark, yet intense, shocking purity that mostly came from a handful of brutal paintings and brilliant casting. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small California city where they shoot an anniversary document but their hotel forgot to register a reservation. In search of a place to stay, the trio gets into the overly friendly but suspicious curator of the Ernest Keller Museum, which invites girls to stay at his country home. One daughter is experiencing that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria conceal a dark and murderous secret in the house. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse combination of classic horrors "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The screenplay is a series of well-known themes that became, thanks to these two films, a renowned and infinite imitation, such as a twisted family secret in the basement, voyeurism, crazy inbred killers, and a very vicious treatment of chickens. Still, I do not consider it a negative note because "The Unseen" is a totally unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that apparently never intended to be the greatest horror classic of decades. Although the narrative story is quite clear, director Steinmann tries to keep the secret by keeping the evil present in the house "invisible" as a promised title. Casting options and acting are really what will raise that sleep above the average. Sydney Lassick, immortalized from his role as Charley Cheswicko's overly anxious psychiatric patient in "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest," is really the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. Its persevering friendliness and almost naturally perverted looks are exactly what the character needs. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually turns from invisible to seen, gives tremendous performance like "Junior". He looks and acts like an authentic handicapped person, and his attempts to get closer to Jennifer in the basement are really disturbing. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable yet powerful film from the early 1980s that will surely appeal to fans of 70th exploitation and generally strange things.
