Get this movie if it's possible. You will find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, a beautiful cinematography of a magnificent (and incredibly pure), but a haunted old house and unexpected virtuoso performance of ?? "Invisible". I caught a copy of this film because I was interested in more of the Bach I've just seen in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I really love classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate even more if they can act a little. So: We start with a nice fresh assumption. TV reporter Bach leaves for a friend and goes to a festival in Solvang, Calif., Celebrating his Swedish ancestors by introducing himself at a large folklore festival. She brings a camera that becomes her sister and another co-worker. (Late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who the celebrities are for each of these women, it's just fun to watch Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) street with a sister's argument.) Anyway? Bach's unhappy fool watches her after Solvang, because she does not disagree with her. There's a lot of feelings between them, but she does not want to see she's rummaging into her soccer career. The ladies arrive at Solvang to perform a task for their station just to find that their reservation was remote from someone else. (Maybe to Bach's friend because you think where to stay?). Guys are asking around, but there is no place to go. Badly trying to get into the old hotel, which now only serves as a museum, will interest the owner of Mr. Keller (late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and accommodate them in his house, insists that his wife will be happy to accept. Oh no! Another thing we know is that Keller calls his wife whispering and warns her that this company comes and threatens to be happy. Problems in Paradise! The ladies want to settle down and return to Solvang to shoot and talk with the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her and think about the fact that Mrs. Keller (who plays Lelie Goldoni's heart) seems to have lost her best friend. When we talk about it? Vicki does not get her in the dress and gets into a nice hot tub without realizing that Keller has entered her room to see the keyhole. He hears it, thinks he will come in to deliver the laundry, and she commends her thanks. Lassick did a great job in this scene, expressing the anxiety of a thick old peeping, who did not get a long enough view. After he leaves, poor Vicki sinks into the bed on his nap, but he pulls out of it really fast (in a really decent, frightening round of action) something big that apparently slipped through a grid on the floor? Invisible! Lamm returns home (Bach ends the argument with her bother) and can not find anyone in the house. The cocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen and on her hands and knees collects her, her hair and a fashion scarf attempting a black floor grid? to Attract The Unseen Again! Well, at a time when poor Lamm gets silent in the kitchen, we are making feedback to Mr Keller's past and we are getting the whole story about what his sick, sadistic background is, and why his wife does not smile very much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick is acquainted with the afternoon massacre of his crying wife and decides that Bach can not let his home reveal the secrets of his home. She tries her down into the basement, where finally the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens. I can not say enough about Stephen Furst, whom I have never seen before; it is clear that for this role he did his homework and studied the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in a variety of ways, just give the film a shine. Not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. No silly cheap tricks, eye view dialog or pathetic cut nooks ... Great experience for your collection.
