Dolph Lundgren is back! Held Brands Dolphs the first movie in nearly 2 years, and it is after the hidden hidden Agenda. This film is still an improvement for Dolph over its cheap trilogy Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this film is well below the Hidden Program standard, which was better in almost all respects. What this movie has in its favor from a previous Dolphu tour is a sense of cheese entertainment. The film also has a restored Dolph back in a high action role and it's good to see Dolph again doing his bits. The film story is funny and top-quality film material. The ex-military person is now a teacher and, in his last day of teaching, when he takes the detention class, he encounters some bad people from Slovakia who took over school and used them as a shelter for the big drug trade. The film has no originality, but in a movie of this type it is necessary to have a sense of fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the audience will find little. Luckily, filmmakers are not coming too seriously, and together with all the action slogans you can become aware of and predictable, this film is so bad that it's a nice kind of atmosphere. Where the film is allowed down is missing - using a fairly decent budget. The budget of around 10 million was not well spent. It's all on the screen with lots of bloodshed and big blasts, but lots of shots lack imagination. The opening event is fine, but then good moments become rather sparse. There are some good times. You have a car that goes through the school corridors, for example, and a decent shootout at the beginning, with great perdition. The rest of the shootout is quite mechanical, but there are plenty of screen shots. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. The Hidden Agenda boasted the best Dolph occupation of the aged. DTV was a good standard for actors. However, this has problems. Actors are largely ill. The bad guys are horrible, but the bad guy has some kind of nice cheese, because Alex Karsis plays so over the top and no hint of any threat that you can laugh at pure mischief. The teenagers of the work are really good, but they play such cliche figures. Everyone hates authority, each other and everyone has bad attitudes, and of course they have finally learned important lessons of life, but they are generally decent, and Chris Collins has a particular similarity. This movie is about Dolph. While this film is nowhere else than its best, it is not in its worst place. This also means turning point in your career. He is now in good shape and will be even better in his next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks excited, he does all his pieces, and it's good to see that in a movie like his elders he will play as a typical action man (running from slow blasts, one linery and large weapon handling). with less taste and fancy than clickable movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph look energetic. His films from the past 8 years have shown that Dolph looks a little bit more and doubles (still fighting), but the new Dolph improved seems to be good for that. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is observable when it comes to cheese value and Dolph in prime action man mode. There is no surprise, but it has a cheerful kind of charm. **
