This is a great fun action movie in my opinion with cool characters, lots of action and a wonderful performance from Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain! The story is very good and I found that children are mostly sympathetic, and Dolph Lundgren is just amazing in this! The action scenes are great and it's almost like Die Hard, except that it's set at school!, And Kata Dobo is very frightening and sexy as a helper! The final is very exciting and has a few cool emotional moments! Still, I just wished he had another bad guy, because Alex Karzis just did not take a thief too much OTT and mixed for my taste. This is supposed to be higher than 4.1 because I thought it was a great action movie, and while the kids were sometimes stupid, they got quite inventive when shooting a movie! !! The conclusion is very fun and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student, plus Dolph has it yet! This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and a great performance from Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is terrible as a villain, though I highly recommend! Direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie works very well here with a great camera, good angles and film keeping at a very fast pace! There's a little blood and violence. We have a lot of extremely bloody wounds, a knife on the side of the head, bloody arrows, drive and other little things. Acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and he's awesome, he's great, he's kicking it as usual, he's got a great hemisphere with kids, he's got a wonderful character, he's very charismatic and does not have a big emotional rage, it's still fun to watch! one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a terrible god like a villain, he is ridiculously OTT, he was boring and did not endanger himself, he was also angry with me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as a side kick, and she did fine what she had to do was, in my opinion, a real villain! Corey Sevier is funny like Mick, he was my favorite student and I really started warming him in the second half, I liked it a lot! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Tiffenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koa (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia) and Nicole Dicker (Charlee) do great as students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as a fiancee. the rest of the cast does well. Overall, I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 of 5
