There was a political documentary, a recent edition, called Why We Fight, trying to explore the infamous Military Industrial Complex and its grip on this nation. It is considered to be a contradiction and determination to oppose such a complex and military fiasco in which we are currently involved in Iraq. Yet, a much more famous series of films with the same name, was produced during the Second World War by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although it is a documentary film and has been awarded the Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is really a real agitprop, rather in the spirit of the triumph of Leni Reifenstal, the scenes that Capra recycles for its own purposes. This means that this does not mean that there is no key information that the next generation of World War II documents (such as the World War in World War II) have been missing, nor does it mean that its value as the primary source is less valuable. They are skillful and after a recent purchase of some used DVDs at a discount store, I found myself having the opportunity to choose a free DVD with my purchase. I chose Goodtimes DVD Four DVD Collection Series. Rarely he has something free, he was so valuable invaluable. While there are no add-ons to the DVD, and the sound quality of the print differs, these films provide a look into the minds of Americans two thirds ago, when racism was evident (as in many classic war wars Warner Brothers cartoons of the times) and there was nothing wrong with obvious distortion of reality . Seven films produced between 1942 and 1945 are Prelude to War, Nazi Attack, Divide And Conquer, Battle of Britain, Battle of Russia, Battle of China and War Come to America. <br /> <br /> The whole movie series is worth watching for not only for obvious reasons, but also because of the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of plural for terms like millions of millions in terms of dollars rather than the modern singular , or the most used graphics in the whole series - the Japanese sword piercing center of Manchuria. Yet it also points to the complexity of attempts to apply past standards to the current wars. The World War I lesson (to avoid foreign intrusions) was not applicable to the Second World War, whose own lesson (to act prematurely against dictatorships) was not applicable to the three major wars America fought against: Korea, Vietnam, and Iraq. The fact that much of this series points to the uncertainties of the time she has managed only highlights its historical value in today's neglected times. Perhaps you can not help solving the truth of today's lies and propaganda, but at least you realize that you are not the first to be in such a complex position, nor will you be the last.
