Here's an excellent double-bargain Barbara Stanwyck on one disc. The first movie - and believe me to be smaller - is MGM "To Please and Lady" (1950), in which she is paired with Clark Gable. It's basically a star-like vehicle, with Gable usually dominating a movie on screen. Here is a racing driving macho, which gets bad press from the feminist reporter Stanwyck and begins a battle of gender. Of course, on many occasions, they end up in arms and everything is approaching a predictable and pleasant neighborhood. A little fluff of motion, but Gable and Stanwyck - two golden age icons - make it observable! But the real meat on this DVD is the second feature - a wonderful and quite unknown little thriller called JEOPARDY. Manufactured in 1953 by MGM, it is a beautiful little jewel of the film that was not dated to one jot! Here Stanwyck plays Barry Sullivan's wife and mother with their young son Lee Aaker on holiday on a deserted and distant Mexican beach when he suddenly strikes a tragedy. The dilapidated wooden pier collapsed when Sullivan caught under the heavy mast and guessed what? Yes, the tide comes. The invisible soul and can not liberate him, Stanwyck is assisted. After a ride a distance, the only help he can get comes from Ralph Meeker, who, in return for his help, wants more than money or change clothes ("I'll do anything to save my husband"). Has she or not? <br /> <br /> Meeker runs away with the picture! It turns out to be a great performance! Once you get into the movie, you just can not take his eyes off him! An actor in a smoldering style Brando surprisingly never created much of his career in movies. Although he performed wonderful performances as an unpleasant, disgusted cavalry officer in the outstanding Mann / Stewart Western "Naked Spur" (1953) and as one of the convicted frightened French soldiers in Stanley Kubrick's powerful WW1 track "Paths of Glory" (1957) his only real the claim to fame was like Mike Hammer in Mickey Spillane's "Kiss Me Deadly" in 1955. His performance in "Jeopardy" had to do wonders for him, but he had just a career in movies. He died in 1988. Because this edition of "Jeopardy" can now proudly accept his true place as a classic noir. An unforgettable, strained and thrilling thriller with great performances, a narrow direction from John Sturg, Victor Milner's crisp monochrome cinematography and Dimitri Tiomkin's atmospheric score. Extras, however, there are no great cocktails except the radio version of "Jeopardy" and trailer for both films. This disc is also part of Boxing Barbara Stanwyck celebrating the centenary. It's hard to believe that the lady will be more than 100 years old if she's still around! <br /> <br /> JEOPARDS - Winner of MGM!
