When I really became interested in movies, at the age of eleven I had a large list of "must see" movies and I would go to Blockbuster and rent two or three at the weekend; some of them were not for the whole audience, and my mother would go. I remember that one of the films on this list was "A Chorus Line" and he could never get it; so now you see that it will become a dream. <br /> <br /> Of course I lost the list and I would do anything to get it back because I think there are really interesting things that can be seen there. I think, take "A Chorus Line", the scenic game has changed into a movie. I know it's something we see today a lot, but at that time it was probably a bit different; and this movie has something special. Most of the musicals made movies today, had the chance to give them the camera for free, create different sceneries, and take characters in different places; "Chorus Line" was born on the theater scene as a game and dies in the same place as the movie. After a big bankruptcy held by renowned choreographer Zachem (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough runs a large number of dancers as he tries to get his job done. Everything is happening on the same day: the stress that he does not know, the stress of the necessity to learn the numbers, the quiet competition among the dancers? And all this happens on the stage where Douglas gives each dancer the light of the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and their worst experiences. There are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but the list is shortened as hours go by. <br /> <br /> Just like the movie I've recently seen, "Prairie Home Companion" broadcasting a radio show, Atenborough addresses the issue of continuity. There are things going on or behind the stage, and time does not stop. Again, I do not know if Atenborough shoots a lot to shoot it, but it does not look like it; and yet it's great director and editing (John Bloom). But in that little scene you're interested in what to do with the camera? With Ronnie Taylor's one set of cinematography, he is looking for a way to get closer to some characters, zoom in and out, show the scene from a different perspective, and also give us a stunning view of New York. <br /> <br /> At one crucial moment, Douglas tells the ones that remain: "Before we begin to rule out: you are all amazing and I want to hire you everything, but I can not." It made me think about the reality show today where the only thing she counts is singing or dancing talent and where the jury always says the exact words to the contestants before some of them are leaving (though not good). It's hard, you have to imagine; at least here, where they are all really amazing. <br /> <br /> To tell some stories, characters use songs and in one second there is a new life on the stage, and it is literally a dream to meet. Marvin Hamlisch's music and Edward Kleban's lyrics make the theater a filmless transition without mistakes, showing the feelings of these dancers and letting them do the great choreography of Michael Bennett. The book in the theater is also becoming a flawless and very short script by Arnold Schulman; which is occasionally very touching. So if it's not with the song, it's the word; but in "A Chorus Line," it's impossible not to be moved. During one of the bankruptcy breaks, Cassie, a special dancer played by Alyson Reed, on stage to convince Douglas the character that he can do it. The words "let me dance" never sounded more sincerely and more beautiful in music and lyrics.
