Jeopardy is a tense, satisfying thriller, a cut above B, but not a really big production. It is almost as an experimental film, because the study that produced it, Metro, is desperately looking for new types of films, stars and directors who compete with the new media. Director John Sturges was up-and-comer, whose best years were lying. He has just begun directing filmmaking on the level and has already emerged as the most capable craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, and Ralph Meeker are in very different phases of their career. Stanwyck's years of glory were behind her, and still she could still wear a movie, as she can see here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of ten or so important men who began in the 1940s that never achieved the success many of them did for him. He was a gentle, low-key actor, ready, but in the upper middle, rather than the upper class, which led him to professional roles. As an escaped convict, who is the only person around him who can save Sullivan's life (he is caught under the pier and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This great actor had the misfortune of coming to films on Brand and Clifton. He was such a good actor as one of them, but he lacked charisma. His negotiation with Stanwyck, which comes to his demanding sex in exchange for saving his husband (implicitly because it is 1953), makes an interesting assumption that, if it were a different kind of film, could all wake up all sorts of interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is really more exciting than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him Stanwyck is more alive than she with her husband and son. Since it is a form of image, not Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck would want to avoid, leaving aside the question of her husband's injustice, remains unexplored. In this sense, the incoming tide does not have the effect he wanted, even though the film remains tense and very entertaining due to its excellent effect, fine position photography, almost all outdoors and in the excellent direction of the poorly underestimated master. Sturges.
