Like a series of serial pilots, Dark Angel opens a mix of great potential and a mild problem in finding your own legs. Not that it was somewhat unusual, but there is a feeling that it could work better if the story was tightened and focused a little bit more. In today's world where something has to catch immediately or suppress the face, the series has been a bit disappointed by not having at least half concentrated with all the weapons. they really feel like two episodes glued together, and both episodes have a problem with focus. In the first half, we met Max and we filled out what was driving her. We also get some interesting routines with Max that use their abilities to get bets, interact with PI, or solve the coworkers' home problems. The problem is that it is not unusual for a human being with a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise. It's when we got a story in the second half with purpose and focus. During both halves, Max finds himself at the center of a pirate journalist who thinks it is a mission in life to save the world by exposing one dirty vendor at once. In the second half, his consequences were over, and Max reluctantly cleans the resulting mess. This sets the presumption for the rest of the series and works, but you do not make a full click if you get your meaning. It's like most of the pieces are there, but the couple who make the complete picture were omitted. Maybe he'll be filled with later episodes, but that's next. The fact is that the content of this episode could easily be spoken less than twenty-eight minutes. The last of the negatives is that a lot of support cast is completely unendearing. The original Cindy is particularly inconvenient and I doubt it changed over the next twenty episodes. While acting is not as bad as daytime soap, it is not such as to praise it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but comes a little bit short of convincing when the story needs the smallest. The good news is that the assumption and production values ​​are all of the highest quality. In fact, this series was considered a fairly expensive production and it is quite unfortunate that it was canceled to be replaced by another show that did not last throughout the season. Especially when the two shows were enough time, they could simply cancel one of the garbage cans that bang under the banner of reality TV. The fact is we need more performances, like Dark Angel, where they get used to fantasy rather than folding. <br /> <br /> In all, I gave Dark Angel seven out of ten. It never grows above TV broadcasting and never has the chance to fulfill the potential it shows in its own run. But there is potential, and it is often important for pilots.
