I do not agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to American International Pictures. Basil Deardon directed a brutally realistic film with a sincere attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentality of the Blackboard Jungle). Cinematography was excellent because it really captures the ugliness and isolation of a huge settlement. Surrender looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as a lame detective who was reassigned to the juvenile division - "Urgent, Urgent - Larceny - Five Ice Lollies" !!!! He found out there were lots of jokes. David McCallum showed he was one of the best British talents of the 1950s. (He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker movie "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanciful inspiration was very scary. Ann Heywood was also very good as a cynic Cathie. I do not think there's a romantic subplot. Detective Jack Truman investigates a number of arson attacks that someone has described as "Firefly". Just as he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is included in the Juvenile Division - he is quite disgusted with what he considers to be inappropriate police work. Everyone is arguing he will get the first call - Murphy twelve-year-olds are working on scams at local lolls! <br /> <br /> Take home the twins meet their brother, charismatic Johnny, and their furious sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in terrible settlements can transform young children into criminals. As soon as he becomes more involved in the family, he realizes that there is a strong link between the fires, Johnny and the frightened Chinese youth working for the laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, from Hammer's horror) explains that when Johnny was younger, he saved some people from a burning building and was celebrated by a heroine. He wanted to capture a sense of importance and usefulness, and he felt he could ignite fires. The school siege was shot in a very real way and the audience felt the fear of the children - the teacher (thinking only about his own safety) ran out and locked them into the room with a scary shooter !!!! <br /> <br /> I thought it was a really great movie that tried to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. We highly recommend.
