This film was the first British teenage film that actually dealt with the reality of the rock and roll force, rather than being a clear parody of the 50s of teenage life. In an effort to celebrate the work of Liverpool's youth liaison officers, the opening title states that 92% of potential delinquents who deal with this plan did not commit the second crime. But this becomes merely a pretext for the teenage career until the epilogue of the film, where we will teach that we should not feel responsible or justified for such offenders, although it may seem mixed. <br /> <br /> Stanley Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes the place to contact youth. This stubborn figure is typical of Baker. They were currently on the trail of a notorious connoisseur known as a firefly and did not like the distraction of transmission. However, as well as in all good police drama, he is led back through the whole circle of remarkable turn of events back to his original investigation. His first case leads him to the home of two young children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by a real brother and sister duo) who have committed a minor theft. Here she meets Cathie (satisfactorily portrayed by Anne Heywood) with her older sister, who will eventually become a romantic way. It quickly becomes clear that the turbulent environment of such settlements in the city center is the nest of juvenile delinquency. Murphy's elder brother, Johnny, is the leader of rock and roll hoodlums. McCallum makes a sharp turn as the American boy named, who owes more to Marlon Brand than any previous British star. One reminds Brand's character Johnny of "The Wild One," who led a dressed leather gang of rebellious cyclists as well as Johnny, who leads his gang. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, preaching the earlier crimes of Dearden as a "Blue Lamp" is not so obvious. Instead, we have several well-figured characters on both sides of the bill, like the dramas of delinquents, and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker is the forefront. The plot, though sometimes predictable, brings some unforgettable scenes. The disturbing influence that rock and rock music was supposed to do was taking place in the scene where Johnny left music, which led to the terrible progress of the police sergeant. The most memorable film is a climatic classroom, where a lot of scared school children, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage in the Johnny. Obviously in the light of the Dumblaine massacre in real life, this scene seems terrifying. Of course, the film is seldom broadcast or available to a modern audience.
