A few years ago with the US Channel Channel. Gold has managed to promote the repetition of "Men who behave badly": "Here's the original original sitcom!" That was, in fact, untrue. Man on the House was also a sitcom and ran in 1973-1976. It was the brainchild of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, the creators of the popular sitcom "Father Dear Father". When they finished, they decided they wanted something more in line with the times. <br /> <br /> In the first episode, Chrissy (Paula Wilcox) and Jo (Sally Thomsett) modify their Myddleton Terrace apartment after a wild party when they find a man at the spa. It's Robin Tripp (Richard O'Sullivan), a chef in Southampton without a fixed residence. As his clothes dry, he puts the bathrobes and prepares them for food. They are so overwhelmed by his culinary skills that call him to stay. But there may not be anything wrong. So Robin must pretend to be a homosexual ... On BBC-2 is 'I Love 1973', shown in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that 'House' showed her the way she envies. She was not alone. One of the most famous images of British television in the 1970s was Sally Thomsett, who came out of the London Underground and carried a parasol. <br /> <br /> The man who lives with the two girls was a risky subject for the time, but Mrs. Mary Whitehouse did not have to be hot under her collar, she was an innocent and good girlfriend. Mortimer and Cooke scripts went as near as possible to the border without crossing them. Richard O'Sullivan still plays "Bingham" in "Doctor In Charge" when it started. In fact, the second "In Charge" cycle overlapped the first of the "House". He was born to play the sexually crazy Robin. Paula Wilcox's "Chrissy" was more streetwise than "Beryl," her character starred in "The Lovers," while Sally Thomsett's "Jo" was a sweet, dizzy blonde. Over time, he almost became an older brother. For many audiences, Brian Murphy and Yooth Joyce stole the show as a fighting Ropers. George lost interest in sex, but Mildred did not. They continued their own show - appropriately called "George & Mildred". Late Doug Fisher had a good value as Larry's Robin's wide friend. He worked so well that he was accustomed to regular. Within one year of his debut, an inevitable film was created. I'm not a big fan of "People About the House," because I think he was shot to fit on a big screen. Most of his characters never appeared in the series. The format was sold to America, where it became the long-lasting "Three's Company", starring late John Ritter and Suzanne Somers. It was much more sophisticated than the British original, with Somers often seen in sexy clothes. After six seasons, "House" ended when Chrissy married Robin with older Norman Eshley. The fans were destroyed when they saw that Robin could not get the girl he loved, but he was a little consolation that he also landed his own show - "Robin's Nest."
