This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great filming and wonderful performances! All the characters are great and the story is bizarre, fascinating and very interesting, and Nicole Kidman is just amazing! It's very hard to describe this movie because it's really bizarre, it's comedy / romance, one minute then becomes another thriller, but it was still very fun, plus Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic and very convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had a very good chemistry together, and I loved Vincent Caselle's performance! And some of the plot drawings really surprised me! The end was very cute, and it's unpredictable all over the world! Plus this movie is pretty underestimated too! You'll apologize for Chaplin and for being scammed, and I thought all the characters are really nice, plus the finale is especially good. This is Nicole's movie though, and it carries with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great plot of fences and wonderful performances! Direction is very good! Butter Butterworth does a great job here with a great camera, fixed angles, and keeping the movie at a fast pace! The act is wonderful! Nicole Kidman is incredibly beautiful and amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very nice, she has one of the best accents, added a lot of presence, she had a very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and she was very mysterious! , was awesome. (Kidman's orders !!!!). Ben Chaplin is a great actor, he is extremely sympathetic, has a cool temper, had a very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I did not like was to take his anger at Kidman, although what she did was bad and I loved how has finally avenged! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, so he was OTT, but he was sometimes very intense and quite scary, this role was great for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is all right, but he has not had much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall, I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 of 5
