This movie really made me wake up as if the main male figure of this bravely different film awakened from his sleep of life. This guy John (Ben Chaplin) leads his average safe life to the banker's small provincial English city, until the stunningly beautiful, wild-girl-to-die-for Nadiu (Nicole Kidman) ordered by e-mail from Russia enters his life, to become his beloved wife, Johns plan. However, there is a defect - Nadia does not speak the word of Johna's tongue. Although John is calm and emotional, he is beginning to be interested in the beautiful Nadia that instead of using the full policy of returning the corresponding services, she buys her dictionary and starts the communication process. What happens in the conspiracy actually shakes the poor John from his sleep of a well-paid safe that feels securely into the decision-making process of a thoughtful action figure, thereby conveying the subconscious to the viewer, "you would probably have acted similarly." <br /> <br /> Kidman, Cassel & Kassovitz make a great team that plays the Russians and are almost indistinguishable from the real thing, "almost" just because of the slight accent that is present in their Russian conversations, whether it is so small that would impress the native of hard work to get the words right. Nicole Kidman again proves her talent by playing a character quite different from previous roles, at least from a cultural setting. The pace of the movie is fast and captivating, and you are definitely not ready to stop watching when the ending titles appear, rather you feel like you are in the middle of the plot and you are keen to see the sequel as soon as it comes out. My advice is to go out and get this movie instantly and watch and enjoy. To summarize, he has an unusual conspiracy, great acting and ideas under the surface. Just as the idea of ​​a "brisk awakening" from the artificial safe routine life of a bicycle in the machine of the company, the life that Fight Club members had such a desire to leave, and the machine that sings Pink Floyd ("Welcome to the Machine!"). I bet that John was finally Sophia on the way to an unknown than if he had not seen her at all. <br /> <br /> Thank you, writers, for a great story and everyone else for a great movie! Please proceed! And you can build them anywhere and name a place anywhere, because the authenticity of the place is insignificant for 99.9999 percent of potential viewers, I'm sure of that.
