I highly recommend this movie! And of course I personally recommend it to my friends and family in the Czech Republic and abroad! It was with enthusiasm for the expectation that I had ordered it online in advance, I liked it very much! It's not until February / March 2008, but it's worth waiting! But first go to the cinema, if you can. There is nothing similar to cinema - Experience movie film! Make sure your local cinema sets! I went to see tonight 'Seachd, inaccessible Pinacle', down in London, and he was really impressed. It's a miracle: a truly gorgeous film in the Scottish Highlands: you laugh, you cry, you will move in different ways, you will be fascinated, and as you tell the stories in stories, you will be this Scottish Gaelic movie with English subtitles, but do not let it has made you worse if you are not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just starting out and my son, not even many people tonight, and that did not destroy us in any way! Superlatives are not enough! The photos are beautiful - there is no CGI and the movie is better - you have a real photo! The script is so skillfully and gently written. A multilayered plot is based on the magical art of old stories. Music is sometimes exciting, sometimes spooky, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And acting? ... is it visible ... and actors? ... they are the real weavers of this gorgeous but deep film, especially the two main actors: Padruig-the-young and Padruig-the-old True bard, if ever!) Who had a huge burden! A Direction? Watch out for Richard! And the producer who is responsible for raising funds, employing key staff and providing distributors? Good job! I hope you make sure that distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic Community? Uill, it could not have happened without you! We were told that this film was made with a low budget, but you would not know it, and I think it could be because they lacked the money more than offset by the wealth of heart and warmth and the cooperation of local Scottish Gaelic communities. Sincerely thanks to all those involved in the creation and sponsorship of "Seachd" - Mòran taing! (Thank you!) From Gaels to the world! From the world to Gaels!
