Scots excel in telling stories. Traditional species. Many years after the event, I still see in my mind the older lady, the mother of my friend who tells the battle at Culloden. It causes the characters to come alive. Her passion is an eyewitness. One on an event on a salt mire about a kilometer from the place where he lives. Of course, it happened many years before she was born, but you will not think how she says it. The same story is narrated in Scotland's length and width bars. As I talked to a boyfriend in Mallaig for one hour, the local approach he gave his version. The discussion continued until the closing time. The stories were gone as part of our being. Who does not remember the stories our parents told us when we were children? They become our invisible world. And when we age, it may still serve as an inspiration or an emotional reservoir. Real and imaginary mix with aspiration, role models. Warning Stories. Archetypes. Charm and mystery. "My name is Aonghas, like my grandfather and his grandfather in front of him." Our protagonist will introduce us. And it also presents a story that has been going on for generations. Produces stories in stories. Stories that evoke the impenetrable miracle of Scotland, its rugged mountains covered in fog. The thing of the legend. Yet Seach'd has roots in reality. It gives him a special charm. It has a rough beauty and authenticity, tempered with some of the best Gaelic singing you've ever heard. Aonghas (Angus) visits his grandfather at the hospital shortly before his death. He burns with frustration. Part of him longs to be in the twenty-first century to go to Glasgow. But he is brought up on the western banks between the Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> However, there is a deeper conflict in it. He wants to know the truth. The truth behind grandfather's ancient stories. Where does fiction end? And he wants to know the truth about the deaths of his parents. He is pulled out to make the last fateful trip to the top of one of Scotland's most inaccessible hills. Can it be true? Or is it all in stories? In this storyline story, we encounter bloody battles, poisoned lovers, folklore of an old, and sometimes more treacherous, folklore of the accepted truth. In this way everyone connects with Angus because he lives the story of his own life. Seachd: Not Available Pinnacle is probably the most honest, state-of-the-art and truly beautiful Scottish movie he ever had. Just like Angus, I was slightly annoyed by the pretense that stories were hanging on several stories. But, like Angus, I forgave it as soon as I saw a "bigger picture". Forget the box-office Braveheart pastiche and the like. Perhaps you even give up the fairly famous drama The Wicker Man. To see a movie that's true for Scotland, it's probably unique. If you meditate deep enough, you can even re-evaluate the power of narration and the ancient question of whether there are any truths that can not be said, but only experience.
