9/11 is a classic example of film fidelity, a realistic documentary, in this case New York firefighters, who are fighting one of the most significant events in world history. It's all small, unobtrusive handheld camcorders, often fraught with the poor quality of most movies (and the director, Naudet's hand often wipes the screen). In this movie, you know most firefighters - Tony Benatatos, a novice (or "probie" in NY fireman folk), fire boss Joseph Pfeiffer (who finds that he soon lost his brother) and a few others. Throughout the film, students are interviewed by most of these people just to emphasize the personal, reflexive nature of the events. The construction is quite dramatic and well done, especially the ceremonial handover at the Fire Department, with some useful roaches and any dialectical treatment of relatively limited film productions (just like Rob Reiner's A Few Good Men). Tony looks proud. The view and the angle of the camera are usually in the midst of the firefighters, which is interesting and the interior of the WTC1 lobby is a few great shots, while Pfeiffer and his team are planning what to do next - that's a classic cinema. There is also the haunted, haunting sound of an occasional human body that strikes the portico outdoors. It is when the increasingly forgiving Chief Pfeiffer realizes that his task is desperate and probably hopeless - and that is before WTC2 collapses. You have to give credit to Naudet for knowing where the film is and when. <br /> <br /> The sound of the adjacent collapse of the WTC2 is so terribly sad, sad and terrifying that you realize the fire. From the vestibule it looks, looks and sounds like the end of the world, and the poor firefighters look so confused and terrified. You hear a huge, quivering, trembling maelstrom - like a giant monolithic beast that slowly falls to the ground after being mortally wounded - the adjacent tower has collapsed, but the fire team remaining in WTC1 will not forget this event. Where is the communication? This film is charming but the story is amateur and should be avoided - such as "it really was a day like no other" or Naudet's often banal statements like "fear in everyone's eyes" and "I knew Tony was gone"! The film is really just one long video diary. There are no pictures of the above-mentioned buildings where some firefighters left. Imagine that this movie is associated with CCTV cameras from some of the rooms above or some of the news of the day. The effect would be greater. You can even combine this story with the story of Mayor Giuliani and perhaps the famous Cornishman Rick Riscorly, who literally played a hero on many floors. I can not see much propaganda on this. film, as some reviewers suggest. This film is not the Triumph of Will Riefenstahl. Sometime later firefighters cover the American Flag over a nearby, surviving building overlooking what happened to Ground Zero. So what? <br /> <br /> There are also some moments of doubtful camera; for example, who holds the camera when the two Naudet brothers rejoined the fire station again? Is it a scene? <br /> <br /> There is an excellent ending, much in the tradition of the outstanding French director Alain Resnais (Hiroshima mon amour), with two strips of light reflecting in water, shimmying.
