The sum of this document with a few words is also impossible. Each thread in your body tells you that it does not happen right from the initial installation of fast fire images to the last shot of cleaning at Ground Zero, but each shot is real. The story was thought by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (renowned "Nau-day") wanted to make a documentary about New York City Firefighters, starting with the "newcomer" from the academy and following him for nine months of probation, a fugitive firefighter. When they seek the help of their close friend, James Hanlon's actor (36), actor and firefighter at station 1, engine 7, Naudet's go through the "Probies" at the academy and find one, Tony Benetakos, to concentrate most of his documentary. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the ass of jokes and slowly learns insu and out life stations through members of this close family. Firefighters have a reputation for "probibe". It's either "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that the other, all kinds of fires are controlled by the "explorer". The first means that it follows very little fire, but one day it will be the mother of all the fires. Tony is the "White Cloud". After some initial growing pain, Tony settled into a firefighter as if he were an experienced vet. Then it becomes unthinkable .... September 11, 2001 begins with a bright blue sky and morning calls go and look at the suspected gas leak near Wall Street. Because Jules had little experience with the camera, Gideon surrenders his younger brother's camera and tells him to deal with T. K. Pfeiffer's boss. Upon arrival at around 8:42, firefighters will start using gas detectors over the grate. Suddenly, the sound of what appears to be a low-flying plane is passing through the scene, and as Jules pulls up, we see the first blow of the day. US Air Line 11 collapses on the face of the North Tower of World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men into a fire engine and heads to the World Trade Center. Once Jules asks him to escort the Chief into the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to come close to him. When it comes down, the face of men whose only purpose is to save their lives is to show the full impact of the growing catastrophe. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire brigade and go down into the area of ​​impact. As soon as it comes down, it captures the impact of the other aircraft, United Airlines' 175, with the world's second trade. He knows that Jules is with the Pfeiffer commander in the towers. Watching and capturing the crowd's reaction to unimaginable, Gideon begins to capture the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. The inner tower one records Jules the last view of the world or close ones will have their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, friends and friends as one by one, each firefighter carrying 60 lbs of equipment begins the long challenging climb of up to 80 stories to save the wounded and imprisoned. Jules also captures the last glimpse of Pfeiffer's brother, Kevin, when he leaves to do his indecision. Also captured on the video is the sound of falling bodies banging the tiles from the victims who chose to jump from the higher above ground areas above the impact zones before they face death in the hands of flames and smoke. But Jules is respectable, he never captures the sensational moment ... the money shot. His work is professional thanks to the baptism of fire. He also captures the eyes that fell from the second tower after being hit by the second aircraft carrier and the way the firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is captured when the southern tower collapses and the first official sacrifice is taken: Father Michael Judd, chaplain for fire service. Then, when Jules and Chief Pfeiffer get out of the collapse of the second tower, Tower One begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> Which results are a breathtaking and horrifying view from Ground Zero, as Jules and Gideon work alone to document that day. He does not know if someone is alive, everyone is afraid of the worst. As every firefighter comes to the fire brigade, they are glad to be back. And at one moment of stunning emotion, Jules and Gideon reunited. As Jules weeps on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother as Hanlon makes the subject matter. There is one terrible moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with the former boss, is believed to have been lost ... but he returns to the fold, this "Probie" proved himself. <br /> <br /> Viewed with only three interruptions, 9/11 is a tremendous success in documentary film. It is there with Hindenburg footage in showing history as it develops. Naudet's should be praised for their skillful handling of this subject. In smaller hands, the tendency was toward the sensational, but Naudet's frozen eye to dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we get the feeling of his words when he takes part in the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a dark and reticent fashion. He never searches for the camera due to his own glory, rather he sets the scenes you are about to see. CBS also commend for their bravery when transmitting this special message. Affected because of their ratings attempts, they question their adaptation towards the emotions of relatives who perished. This must be seen for anyone who needs to recall what real heroism is. It's not about dribbling basketball or selling the album of hate texts ... 9/11 is about what humanity is best about. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
