It is true that you always remember what you are doing when you face a catastrophe or a tragedy. And it is not September 11, 2001, the date that has changed the global landscape in the fight against terrorism. No, this document does not count with the events leading to 9/11. Rather, the filmmakers, the brothers Gédéon and Jules Naudet, set out to film a documentary about the exams and suffering of a newcomer firefighter. They went to the academy and did a few training classes and picked up their "probes" (probation firefighter) to join them in a fire brigade building in NY, home to Ladder 1 and Engine 7. But their production was supposed to evolve and include at that time, which is considered to be the only shot of the first aircraft that plunged into the World Tracking Center. I traveled with my friend on a LAN night train and got a call of about 850 hours of local time from my dad who informed me about it. A few minutes later he told me he was another and that the WTC was under attack. By the time I came home, the upper floors of the twin towers were burned, and in my smoke and horror they collapsed in an hour. The filmmakers had two cameras on the day, one that watched a team on a regular call, and who immediately ran into the WTC when he heard it and saw the aircraft fly. We are watching what is the only recorded sequence of events in the WTC1 lobby where the first respondents of firefighters, medical staff and police officers had to understand what had happened and to quickly develop an action plan. The second camera, held by the other brother, went on a journey to the WTC to look at her sibling and captured many New Yorkers' expressions and feelings of chaos in Manhattan and its surroundings. > <br /> Throughout the documentary, there are regular interviews with the Ladder 1 and Engine 7 men who, by miracle, did not suffer any accident. But survival also brought its own set of psychological unrest because it is trying to cope with this event. Through the events that unfold, we learn about a strong friendship among these men who risk daily living and limbs working to save lives. We started with what the document had to do before the events of the day turned completely and became the center of attention until the rescue phase, when the hope of finding remains under the rubble will keep alive the men who work continuously to understand the broken steel structures. It's not a movie that's made and what you see here can not be recreated in any other documentary (and heaven, not the soundtracks for Hollywood blockbuster). It's as close as you can get to this day when you witness the coming event, out of safety. Code 1 The DVD includes a separate extra hour of 4 Ladder 1 and Engine 7 chat conversations.
