An incredible documentary captured all the furious chaos and suffering that had happened over the NYC on this fateful morning on September 11. Intense, personal and utterly writhing, 9/11 is perhaps the greatest document ever made by accident, which gives him even more appeal. Until this morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet watched around a firefighters team in New York City, who specifically focused on one new recruiting in a small piece of shooting and engaged in strict training to become a firefighter. With a team filming another simple routine in the morning, Jules picks up his camera up to the sky just in time to record one of the most famous images of the first aircraft that hit the World Trade Center, and from there was not a simple documentary more. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The audience is given the first hand of what it was like in the neighborhood of zero, because the amazing group of firefighters and one deeply confused cameraman are trying to navigate this disaster. Naudet watches these automatically-programmed heroes in the tower without hesitation, as the whole support decays around. The raw fear of an unknown, impending mystery hides more viability than any fictional production would ever evolve when we look less and less to be audible and visible to those inside. Almost unforgettable is the older brother of Gideon's sincere capture of the whole city in the crowds of greater and more tangible fear, then everything they testified together. When we get to the second crash of the tower, because the cameraman protects against apocalyptic impurities, we should all, except to wash off the dirt from the amazing shots. filmmakers deserve just as much credit as they are in the right place at the right time to make such an extraordinary event, although both brothers admire only an exceptional adaptation to such an event; in a few desperate minutes, we are witnessing that they become firefighters who document - instead of saving their lives, they know they have to save the shots, even though they are worth their own safety. , and when I see it coming out in 2002, I feel much more disliked by Oliver Stone, a big budget World Trade Center. Many criticized the film for ignorantly narrowing the focus on the two survivors trapped in ruins, and although I liked the film for the small and sentimental Hollywood interest that he brought, the 9/11 everything makes his film completely outdated. Not only that these fully graspable shots will remain the only definitive choir since that day, but the sublime motif transmission in the middle will ensure that this document has all the heart and character to never experience this event.
