I was one of the many who expected to see the celebrated, girly Danish portrait of Yankee-doodle, who should (like a great quote) live rather than glory. How bad I was. These guys were right in the middle, and the pictures that came back are amazing and heartbreaking. And yet it happened on an occasional trip to the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Two French filmmakers compiled a documentary on life as a NY firefighter, especially from a young rookie's point of view. At first we see a lot of this footage just to remind us that we did not envisage making a film about terrorism. It was supposed to be a film about regular people who earn honest lives and help others, and the beauty of the film lies in the fact that they never lose that limit. When investigating a suspected gas pipeline (I think, my memory is a little confused), we suddenly hear the plane overhead. The camera opens to reveal a commercial jet torpedo to a single tower. What must a cameraman think of at this moment? Recognizing the importance of recording the camera remains on and eventually realizing it, FDNY allows cameras to follow them into the building. Here is a right view of the front lines. We see FDNY's commitment, their reaction (the amazing silence after hearing the first person who falls to death is cooling), as well as the collapse of one of the buildings from the inside, while the other camera captures events from outside. <br /> <br /> If it were not for the terrible event they were covering, by itself, any young doctor's dream would be fulfilled. Simply, the video deserves to be preserved at all times. But what really divides this film is the real humanity it brings to the audience. We see that firefighters offer no hesitation, people of different races help each other escape to the wave of the debris and even the interest of filmmakers about each other (they are brothers) as they can not achieve one another in confusion. In this movie there are stunning sights and stunning human stories, something Hollywood would never be able to duplicate (even if it does). 9/11 is not a film about politics. It's not a film about religion, nationality or even jihad. 9/11 is a film about people and a true indicator of the best and the worst that we are capable of. 9/11 is just one of the most important movies I've ever seen, and it would be the only movie that was born out of this event if it was on me. You can not duplicate this.
