Highly fun with stellar occupancy, excellent scenario and tight grip on the approaching 50th Summer. At that time, RKO appeared to have classic legs with dozens. But regardless of the value of those shadow nurses, they reflect the moody mood that will soon retreat to the sunniest climate of the Eisenhower era. Several films from the late 1940s are further from this noir cycle or more adapted to the upcoming consumer decade than this harsh comedy. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad man on Madison Ave. where in their words a small daughter sells things to people they do not need at prices they can not afford. He earns good, but as many as a thousand others is tired of living in a cramped urban "cave". So, with my wife, Myrnah Loy, they'll go out in the wildlife house in Connecticut. Needless to say, in the arms of nature they get more than negotiated and cheerful. </ P> <p> <br /> <br /> There is hardly a life line across the script. I do not know if writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have it. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when people town builds a big house in the countryside. The mess accumulates almost as fast as a mortgage, with all the eccentric types that lead the construction exhibition and give Grant a tough time. Of course, no one hates frustration or frustration more humorously than Grant, so it's just one good laugh after another, especially when the locked wardrobe looks like it has its own hell of a mind. It seems, however, that the film does not have a comic peak. Instead, laughter is divided so expertly that there is no point at any particular point. This is a real movie triumph for every era. <br /> <br /> Sixty years later, we are able to see how striking scriptural ideas look more than they are. With their living maid, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but post-war migration from cramped cities to a spacious suburb was typical. And what's more suggestive work for an upcoming consumer than Blandings as "adman," which has the task of finding a smarter way to sell more "ham". More than anything else, but there is a sunny film optimism. Sure, the feeling of disappointment sometimes, but the belief that the horizon is a better future if Blandings just keep their dreams. In fact, the life of many people will improve over the next rise, so I expect the film to deeply reflect the audience of the day. It's such a subtler surprise, along with a complete barrier, which makes this film a key comic statement from the post-war period. <br /> <br /> So if you have not seen them, catch it the next time.
