My roommate bought this document and invited me to watch him. She's from China and she only heard about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold hard truth, and she wanted me to tell her after the document. I felt horrible when I looked at this document, it was like reviving the nightmare again and still bringing tears to me. But I am extremely grateful to have watched this document because on September 11th, I'm sure we all remember where we are and what we do when we hear, everyone could only think of some questions, "Why?" "As?" "What's happening?" "!". Almost all Americans were grateful for brave firefighters and cops who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we were thinking about what they really are doing. This was not a documentary about September 11, the cameraman was filming a typical day of work, and they were only a few blocks from the World Trade Center and got everything out and inside the tapes. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I thought, "It's all right, police and firefighters get survivors." To be honest, I thought it was an accident that I was in my junior high school and that I had changed from the gym and was going to go to my science class. Someone went into the dressing room and shouted, "Some building was bombed in New York!" We all dressed fast and ran to our classrooms as we watched the first tower burning on television. No more than 15 seconds later, the second flight to the next World Trade Center will be on TV, and we knew it was no coincidence. A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon, and that he was flying to Chicago, but he was shot down. So many thoughts took place in our heads, and I went on thinking, "What are firefighters and cops doing?" But it's a way for them, I thought, they'd know what to do. The first tower collapsed, we knew it, so many lives were gone, the second tower crashed, things would never be. same. Those firefighters in this document showed courage, confusion and power, real raw human emotions. They did not know what to do, they were as horrified as the others in the towers. They heard the bodies that collapsed on the ground when people jumped out of the window. And here I was just crying in the classroom to see everything happening on TV. I was amazed by this film, and I just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful all the Americans were for their help. I know they feel like they just did their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, three weeks continued digging because they knew there were no survivors but continued to pray and pray. May God bless his species and brave hearts. As for my roommate, she cried and admitted it was the first time she was crying over these attacks. She saw the truth about what happened that tragic day. She asked, "Why?" I did not know what to say, breaking my heart that people might be evil. "It sounds like a handle, but it was a normal day for everyone," one of the firefighters said in the document. No one expected it to happen. Not like this, the people in the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the aircraft that were kidnapped just do their jobs, get in there, or even just get there. Not only were they murdered, they were defeated, and the kidnappers did it with a song in their hearts. Then, in the Middle East, everyone is celebrating people, why do people do it? Celebrate death and loss: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> So, thanks to these people, you're doing this document. You really think about firefighters, policemen, and soldiers in Iraq, and he maintains the hope that there are good people in this world. Thank you to all these people, you are heroes. <br /> <br />
