Along with the outbreak of the baby boom, in the years after the Second World War, there was an unprecedented exodus of Americans who moved from urban suites to suburbs where they could fulfill their dreams about their own homes. Directed by: H.C. Potter and what was written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this light but surprisingly attentive comedy from 1948 captures the feeling of this time very well. Of course, it helps to have a trio of professional fraudulents? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, and especially Melvyn Douglas? they conduct negotiations with their natural transformation, contrary to the escalation of home ownership frustrations. Though the film is 60 years old, it is a dream for Blanding and for the obstacles it faces to achieve timeless quality. Hollywood, of course, thinks because it has been transformed at least twice - first of all as a very physical comedy by Tom Hanks, 1986's "The Money Pit" and last year's Ice Cube "Is It Still Done?" One glance at the HGTV Planning Program will show you how the situation is going on here. Today, the conspirator Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters have fallen into a two-bedroom spa Manhattan apartment. Rather than watching Muriel's idea of ​​renovating an apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photograph of the Connecticut House in the magazine and realizes that it's the place to move. With the help of an occasional real estate agent and against the advice of his lawyer and boyfriend Bill Cole, Blandings decides to buy a house that is badly needed to repair. But the foundation is so badly worried that the house must be destroyed in favor of the new one. This causes Blanding to get an architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice as big as the first. Costs go up with every new complication, tempers flare and even a romantic triangle, including Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities will finally be resolved, but not before some fun scenario scenes and a clever dialogue that improves the less-blown ignorance of new homeowners. With his double merit and flawless line delivery, Grant is infallible this kind of farce, and Jim Blandings embodies his more domesticated figures of middle career. In the role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect wife of Hollywood. It does not take many funny lines but combines its special blend of carefreeness and taste to make Muriel an attractive character herself. Check out her maneuverably superbly-painted house painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette. As a funny, sad Bill ("Cole? Bill Cole"), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural, easy moving elan as Grant's foil. A smaller role is played by the specially unforgettable bumps from Harry Shannon as a laconic excavation by Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's official assistant to Marie and Louise Beavers as Blanding's merciful Gussie. The DVD of 2004 provides an interesting year including two radio versions of the film - the first version of 1949, which ended with the pairing of Grant and Dunne and the second version of 1950 linking Grant with his then-wife, actress Betsy Drake. The most suitable cartoon of 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", is also part of a comic tour of the futuristic dream house. The original theatrical trailers for the ten Grant film classics complement the accessories.
