Japanese Keko Mask (1993) by Tomo Akiyama is an extremely enjoyable movie and is so fun to watch! There are also some sequels, but I have not seen them because these films are very rare. Some kind of re-release a day would be nice because I think many fans of rubbish would like these movies. Language in the narrative story is about an extremely rigid school in which teachers think it is good to torture students to achieve discipline, which, according to teachers, is the most important in education. The school is guided by an incredibly humorous search (just look at the costume!) Of the Human Wizard / whatever is the school principal, and it just adds to the camp that it's never been explained why she is wearing such a costume since all the others teachers are perfectly dressed. Well, the main theme of the film is its name Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy that always comes to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superhero is an effective woman when kicking and fighting evil teachers with a totally raw soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she wears nothing but the cloak and the mask with the rest of her body naked! Her identity has never been discovered in these movies, and credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while playing gaming names! <br /> <br /> The most cheerful thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a beautiful but deadly vagina! Yes, you are reading correctly. He kills his victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading his legs and letting his enemies have a stunningly glamorous look, on which he flies closer and snaps his throats with his feet! The most common last line in this film is like, "I have never seen such a beautiful scabbard" and "now I can die in peace." This movie is absolutely fantastic! There are also some big ridicules to Japanese society, such as her attitude to sex in movies (Japanese censors, optically fog / blurring of all pubic hair in each movie), and Some limitations among school students (as girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this movie, ) There is one great scene in which one nude sees the bare bare-thing you know for the first time, and says, "Hey, there's no fog in it!" I could not laugh at this scene because I thought what the Japanese censors thought. Also, one character says it will eventually return if it allows Japanese films to continue. I'm glad he did, because I heard that the sequels are equally outrageous. One sequel should include the Blues Brothers (yes, THESE Blues Brothers!) In it, etc. <br /> <br /> It's rubbish in its most pleasant, fun and smartest form, so it's a little pity that these movies are so hard to find. Perhaps it would be even more experienced if she ever moved a bit faster, because at one point it becomes a little boring, but fortunately these segments are very few. This film has to be considered as fully believable, as there are so many waste items that I do not mention here, and it would not be necessary to tell everyone here. If you like a trash cinema and movies made with a tongue on very cheeks, I think you'll love this little jewel like me, and the director is definitely brilliant in this area! 8/10 Perhaps the only film in which the radiant vagina is this fatal?
