I borrowed this film despite the extremely low rating because I wanted to see how the crew can revive the presence of several worlds. In fact, it was not - at least as it seems. Some look in the picture looks a bit clumsy in the movie - that's exactly what most viewers think. The surprise comes at the end, and unfortunately, when most of the audience is likely to stop this movie. I was also surprised to see that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means "Voyage to Death". This is a spoiler. That this movie is about a young girl who goes to this ship alone (for reasons that are totally unclear), you only understand the last 5 minutes. When you launch a movie with the English title of "Scary Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the coming of strange characters are "ghosts". In reality, however, this film is not like most other horror films told from a remote perspective by writers - observers who can almost always distinguish between different levels of reality, that is, from a young girl's point of view. We see her alone, but with four friends because she sees them. We do not see it alone. So the parallel worlds are not the shots that come into the portrait, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: a world in which there is a girl and a world in which there are four friends. The intrusion of the Third World is probably a young man with medical skills who arrives for a short time on the ship. I can not get rid of the profound conviction that with this film, movie makers "cheated" the audience of a few thousand people by allowing them to believe that what they did was more or less a secondary film student complicated with hurriedly "elected" pseudo-actors who they met the night before shooting. landfill of at least twelve beers. How can it be mistaken! But in addition to this great surprise, which is learned only in the last minutes, the end of the next surprise ends. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and other ships. When she recovered from her shock, she was again visiting a port, where she and four friends went out on the boat. And there they are again! They bring them from a ship that has already set off from the shore. They jump into the water, come to the ship - and they are gone. Miraculously beautiful. It reminds me a bit of the end of the poem of the writer Rhetoromance: When I woke up, I saw Death standing at my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he was gone.
