The functional, yet strictly second British glam-rock band Strange Fruit breaks down at the end of the wild 70's. The individual members of the group leave separately and inconveniently settle in an unsettled middle age in the boring and uncompromising 90s: the morose keyboardist Stephen Rea leans on injustice and consists of his lucky, futile, inconspicuous, demanding singer Bill Nighy, (and fails) to continue his straw career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives in confusion on a far farm to avoid paying heavy debt, and grim bass player Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a living. The former loving group has become a patient, understandable, long-time manager, Julie Aubrey, with the band back together because of poor counseling, to a largely unsuccessful and horribly disastrous twenty years later, a nostalgic tour of Europe. Our remarkably torn bunch is trying to encourage, but reluctant to repulse the flame once burned quite clearly in the day. Damn tilted roadman Billy Connelly and the young beetle young guitarist Hans Matheson lean toward each other in a beautifully clumsy, carefree but still absolutely joyous and enjoyable ride. Director Brian Gibson shows an extremely infectious respect and admirably for both his gritty characters and loud, ringing, glamorous exaggerated preening 70's rock in general, that diving this loving little pip with a totally impressive feeling of magnificent spell and tireless gust. The skilful and sharply written scenario of Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is also lucky with a point of dry wit and gently watched moments of joy on road inanity, capturing a certain hot-acting and often exciting atmosphere that gives the image an irresistibly luminescent glow. Ashley Rowe's beautiful, elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks quite visually luxurious, while the perfectly catchy and groovy music makes a trick with a true-to-rockin 'taste and aplomb. Kudos also on all-terrific amazing performances that vividly cover the burned soul and the fragmented but still fiercely beating heart of the past, its most important - desperate rock equipment desperate to regain its recent glory in one last offer of great success. Overall, this radiant and moving gem is a good fit as one of the serious seriosomic sleep medications of the 1990s.
