This series could be a very good Brit at all, and that's great when we take into account the competition (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors to name but two). What made Motlyli so superior, even the best of the best, is that it was not just an example of a spectacular, classical, elegant and intelligent comedy, but also expanded the horizons, reflecting - flawlessly, gently and in detail - the great social change that occurred in Britain time. <br /> <br /> I remember watching this show as a teenager and was amazed at all about it. The illustrious lifestyle was remarkable in itself. It was the first time I saw real people using wireless phones. And the wardrobe of all the figures was far from the sixties, the clothing that was seen in North America at the time. Then there were decors, shops, cars. These people - even nephews who have their philosophical conception of life and epigrammatic humor - were sophisticated. They were examples of "new Europeans", which should impact life and style around the world in the next decade (1980s). <br /> <br /> Of course, the assumption was strange and fantastic. The idea that someone living in a suburban dream could be so unhappy and restless, it was revolutionary, especially for North America, for which luck was always defined as money and things (certainly the situation was shown in American films and television, but not with intensity Butterflies or film Montenegro). And if that was not surprising, the means by which they were expressed came to the extreme. A potential issue that did not relate to sex or romance? The butterflies dazzled many people, but some people had to leave the jaws of the unbelievers ... at that time. The butterflies proved to be - in many ways - prophetic. She had done some time ago - a postmodern ennui, a ubiquitous lifestyle, a concept of emotional infidelity and generational disconnection and discontent among men (perfectly portrayed by the tense father and son relationships). It is a bad thing that this series was not rediscovered in a great way, and all those involved took it for creating a meaningful snapshot of a certain amount of time and space and anticipating all the grimaces and fears that would appear.
