It might be a little mistaken to open a review of the film's description of other films, but I think it's the best way to get closer to the place where the election takes place in the gangster genre arena. It works somewhere between Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku yakuza opus Yakuza Papers, because it is both romantic and realistic, dark and devilish. But it's also a Johnnie To movie and as such carries a distinct hue of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years, HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not very satisfied with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands, until the other triads and the police are disturbed. This is a story in a nutshell, but make sure it has much more for her. As in the Yakuza books, there is a lot of screaming, retention, and creating and switching knowledge (sometimes it only takes a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen recently), which does not necessarily have to do a deep drama but makes an interesting plot and good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in this aspect. The choices are not as action-oriented as you would expect. even if it is violent. And I'm not talking about the shiny, charming version of Hollywood violence. It's dark and gloomy. Photo camera stays in scenes of people who are brutalized in a way that reveals the human and inhuman nature of perpetrators and victims; after all violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you know the style, you should know what to expect. Stimulation is relatively slow and deliberate. Cinematography is great, smooth and dark on the same scale, uses dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth tracking images bring vivid quality. In the end, the choice takes a special place. It's not a character study, and it's not a gangster action-oriented movie. It investigates the situation (the election and its consequences), but it does in a great style and is realistic and romantic (ceremonial triads, especially the echo of the oriental godfather).
