It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui is a well-designed and well thought-out film. The film uses a whole range of smart pieces of identification throughout the game with modernity, yet it keeps the tradition? John Woo, where hot films are actively packed and topped in their explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong movies have settled in the rhythms of telling the story from a "bad" look, they can sometimes stutter and become simply unforgettable, a good example is the city in the fire (1987). The choice is a movie that is memorable for the mere fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous actions and violence that happen in realistic and tasteful (if it is the right word) as well as in the smart little "pieces" of the film. While watching, it is difficult to see, but the choice is actually built in the three-dimensional structure: is the first point on real elections and voting? not everyone likes decision, but what the Uncle says they are. The second deal is to acquire an ancient baton from China that requires traditional requirements during the inauguration, with the last third being inaugurated, and some characters come with their own ideas of how the Triads should and could be run. Needless to say; some events and interventions occur every three-thirds, some are small and intangible, while some are much larger and more spectacular. Elections have some errors when most come in the third third. Trying to kill the time that surrounds the election, which takes only a few minutes, was clearly difficult for writers and filmmakers, and it points to many places. I had a feeling that a certain scene was starting to walk before she interrupted her, and then everyone was screaming. This is happening several times: in the restaurant the fight ends, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; There is a secret meeting about the baton between the Triads, but the police appear and everyone is arrested; some other triads have a pre-election interview, but police will show up and guess what? You know. Once the film comes out of that routine that I thought would use a sacred baton as a conspiracy device to get everyone in motion. The bumper appears to have some good combat scenes, such as the pursuit of a truck after being hotwired, another pursuit involving a motorbike and a kung-fu combat with a load of weapons on the street? the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said they are in a "tasty" way. Where the choice really rises, her attention is paid to such details. When the triads are in jail, the poles are covered with a wire, indicating that all the animals are in cages because they are behaving outdoors in the conflict. Another gentle attention to detail is the way Uncles toast uses tea, not alcohol, which rises above the other gangsters who use the champagne (The Long Good Friday) and also refers to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea for celebrations or reminders. br /> <br /> The choice is a good movie that is structured so well to enjoy, and a movie that has fantastic mission-en-scene when you look at what's going on. Some of the interior settings and clothing, as well as the buckles of style found in the search and pursuit of the batons, will intensify. Inauguration is like another short film completely and very well integrated into the film; indicating the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene that perfectly sums it up: the two pure characters who fish and discuss triple rule are still realistic, unpredictable and violent: of course, in taste.
