First of all, I have to say that I made the mistake of watching electoral films from the sequence. Unfortunately, because, after Election 2 shows up for the first time, the choice is a bit disappointed. Both films are gangster epics that are similar in appearance. And while the choice is a nice cinema ... it's not nearly as a sequel. In the first electoral installment, two contestants are presented to us; Big D and Lok. After a few scenarios of discussion between "Uncle" about who should have the title of President, they (almost unanimously) decide that Lok (Simon Yam) will bring the Triads. Suffice it to say that it does not do well with Big D (Tony Leungm Ka Faiem) competitor and, in an attempt to influence the takeover, Big D will trust two uncles to stand on the electoral board to his side. It has disastrous results and leads triads into the world war. Lok is determined to become president, but will not be official until he can recover the "Dragon Head Baton", which is the material representation of the President. Current President Whistle (Chung Wang) hid the label somewhere in mainland China and the plant is in place to find out who can recover it first. Most of the film is dedicated to reviving Baton. As both US leaders are looking for, they have to drive themselves out to the cops and the opposite sides, leading to one of the won scenes in the election, including a subject named Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete and a lot of villains. Nicka Cheung's presence is the attention that is for the first time interested ... It seems to me that this has influenced director Johhnia This in any way during the second election, as he continues to deliver more Jet's characters. While Nick Cheung gives the scene a stealing performance, I must not give up for the sake of the other actors. The choice has a large cast of cast with well-thought out performances that are both subtle and influential. Simon Yam is usually his famous self and the film also benefits from heavy HK actors such as Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai and undervalued Suet Lam. In fact, there are no weak links in acting, and one can easily believe they are watching real gangsters. Even though the performances are great, one of the most notable things about the election is Johnnie's eye for the camera. There are really amazing shots in the movie, and of course he knows how to draw his shots because the viewer is treated with a number of innovative and pretty glamorous camera angles and angles. Everything that makes the election is a great looking movie. My film problems arise mostly from the sheer number of characters participating in the election. It's a bit hard to watch because the movie is so full of characters that are not part of the story. While the sequel decides to focus more on two candidates, the first election offers the electoral process as a whole with the number of uncles, subjects and policemen who are doing the plot. Perhaps the film would have worked better if it was a little longer, more time devoted to the Triada's internal functioning, or if Johnnie To was rushing out the necessary elements and explaining them more. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line - Overall, this is a brilliantly brutal movie with great crowd, excellent direction, and quiet pacing that packs a punch. It's a bit more complicated than needed.
