Twelve years ago, production stopped on "Hot Blooded" because almost everyone on the set began to die. Now some film students have decided to complete the movie, even though it is a reputation that the movie is cursed. Well, they are going to find out that some of the curses are real. When Scream was released, it seemed that every country wanted to be successful in Australia as well. The concept that was made today to death (the movie slasher in Slasher) was relatively cool and original at the time. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not well in the US but Australia), so it felt like the first film with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were ready for the concept, and because the movie was not good, the movie disintegrated disastrously. Now Cut is not the best film ever to happen, and it will not even try. She knows it's a tear and even throws a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of adding new and original treatments to the story, they decided to eliminate the 80s of slashers as "Nightmare on Elm Street" and surprisingly it really works. The killer is very scary and that mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience to death, they created a very good and terrifying atmosphere that keeps us in a tight mood for most of the film. There are a couple of holes in the film I could not quite ignore, which is the biggest hole in the movie. Spoiler in front of us; I think they fired a single copy of the movie so where the hell they found the print they show in the last scene? It does not make sense to tell you that. The end of spoilers. Overall, Cut is an amazing ghostly movie with a stupid story, but I think it's one of Scam's better screamings that has never been great. I am surprised that this person has never had a follow-up, but I think it's just too late. <br /> <br /> A disappointing Australian slasher movie with very little fear. Cut is still a beautiful movie slasher and I have to recommend it even though I find this story quite stupid because it's totally absurd.
