When I think of the most famous films of "wine-making pleasure", the first thing I think about is the sixty-flicks. Really bad moves of slasher. The formatting type of film where all the scripts needed were two parts of blood and a few nudity to get. Flash forward until the end of the 90's and the early years. The film effect was revitalized with the success of the 1996 "Scream". As in the 1980s, these films were formalizing, masking inadequate inspiration by designating themselves as "parody of the hip, tongue in the face" of the original movements of the slasher. From this recent mix of "hip-parody" neo-slasher flicks, the only one worth seeing is the low-budget, direct-to-video "Cut". Like most other "new" Cuts, they rely on the production of the movie "Slasher," in this case the fictional "Hot Blooded" film of 1985 that attempts to comment on the genre. "Hot Blooded" has never finished production due to the killing of someone who wore the movie killer's mask, Scarman, a bare figure with mouths closed close and dark, eyes without pupils. Twelve years later, a group of film students whose professor participated in the production decided to go to the vault, tap the original surviving actress and finish the film. But every time a movie is screened or a scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and somebody dies. If you want to quote the slogan, will it finish the movie before it finishes? <br /> <br /> It all sounds really bad, and to a certain extent it is (really is something like a good movie slasher?). There is no character development ("the new director" is revealed as the daughter of the original director "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently destroyed after the production was canceled, which would be a perfect detail, conspiracy nevertheless never mentioned) and, like all other films slasher is too many bodies on it. The actors are not great, even under the standards of direct video transmission, but most enjoy their character (and for those who are not, it's an unintentional character because none of their characters in the movie wanted to work on "Hot Blooded"), especially , who was lucky to play Scarman. The culmination of "Cut" has no big "scream" that would reveal the murderer as in "Scream" movies. It does not have the tricks of killing the films "Urban Legend". What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted in "this way so we can write a sequel if it sells well". But that's for the par. Every reasonable tracing standard is a terrible movie to be avoided, but this "quality" is what is true of its roots in the genre of slasher, and that is what makes it more enjoyable than any other neo-slasher flicks.
