As with all Angelopoulos films, "Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly requires close and confidential audience participation, which certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are gentle, free of monologues or exchanges that exclude internal conflicts, doubts or feelings. The filmmaker prefers to divert viewers from their own emotional reactions and instead forces them to explore and study the identity of the characters. As a result, acting is underestimated and implicit, as opposed to clear and clear. Action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation, when the viewer is asked to become a participant, participate in an actor, exploring his own soul. As in the novel, where dramas are based solely on the author's script, to provide a template in which imagination readership and / or past experience flourishes, Angelopoulos's drama is based on his paintings: his use of long shots, long shots, stepping, gentle dialogues became his trademark and invited the viewer to film the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture high-intensity moments, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, views, sounds and music when he believes that words can get us up to now. <br /> <br /> Music, longtime collaborator of Angelopoulos, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but it itself becomes a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in fine, subdued colors recorded in deep winter light. Angelopoulos presents us "another Greece", which is far different from Greece tourist brochures, with ethereal blue sky and emerald seas, drowned in eternal sunshine. Here the sky is covered and gray, the air is cool and foggy, and the sands of untouched beaches have been replaced by the dirty, dirty snow of the village streets. The genius Angelopoulos is portrayed throughout the film through the film Arvanitis. The "Suspended Step of the Stork" is primarily a political statement about the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among peoples. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, political or other, are being exiled to the rest of humanity. They can be stuck at the political border, but unfortunately they still carry and deeper cover the deeper frontiers of their ancestors: languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos's political views are well known, the film avoids any political discourse about the causes of refugees' scams. In this process Angelopoulos forces us to think about the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "frontiers". Angelopoulos is considered to be the historian of the Greek twentieth century and he likes to bring into his discussions lessons from Hellenic myths. In this film, he has made a crossing between Greek and Italian culture, based on the combined tradition of the Odysseus and Homer's homeland and Danish tradition. Alexander is a telemachus who is looking for a story about an aging Greek politician / Odysseus who has disappeared and has never heard of him. This political man, a brilliant speaker, has unexpectedly and inexplicably abandoned the blessedness of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career to live anonymously in the refugee camp with the lowest lowest. He became a poet in exile and wondered how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexandre as his father / Odysseus. As with Homer's telemachus, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. Of course, it would be a bad idea to try to see how Homer's odyssey is being told in the current context. Angelopoulos draws Odysseus' path only as the structuring and thematic elements of his film. In the conclusion of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is more like Dante's Odysseus: he does not go to Ithaca but continues "carrying a trunk." And Alexander / Telemachus is "paused" between returning to his home and his career or heading for "somewhere else". In his voice at the beginning of the film he says he paraphrases a few lines from Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that the time for the journey has returned again." <br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not religious during the film, a Greek-Catholic religious theme appears in the form of yellowish lineages, who for their loved ones hide better things for their close relatives of communication and the Christ form of "politics". In the final scene, these men in yellow ignore the influence of Byzantine iconography in the work of Angelopoulos. They look like "stylites," religious figures in the Orthodox tradition, lonely and noble men who settled on the apex of pillars in the form of austerity. The film ends without any distinction as to how the real identity of the character plays Mastroianni. Angelopoulos does not give us any trace, and the statement of his wife, "It's not him," is far from convincing and sufficiently ambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether it is a politician or not, but that he could be a politician. Still, the film ends with an optimistic remark. Since the poles shot from pole to pole are only running along the river, and communication across borders is still inaccessible and remains impenetrable, we note that this last scene is taken over from across the river: the camera has crossed the boundary and was watching the shot of Alexander and the viewer to go beyond the borders. For this reason, Angelopoulos hopes that some of the borders will eventually collapse.
