By the end of the 1940s, the screwball comedy had ended, as the films moved in a different direction, comically and differently. With the television that appears on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be in a very rough time. Where are they wondering if the movies would have been gone if the television was not accepted or that his coming to the place was postponed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings is building his dream house offering a special way that a comedy could develop. Adman Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a nice but overly complex apartment in New York because one day he gets a clear idea that it could be fun to realize his dream of building a suburban home. So he buys some property in Connecticut and builds on his exact specifications. Well, almost. He recognized the problem he was in because he might have decided to change. And then maybe he did not have to. You decide. This delicate premise creates a wonderful film, full of a conflict between a middle-class dream about one's own home, and the often unpleasant reality of getting one. Nothing is easy in this life, as Mr Blandings learns; but one does not have to be unhappy just because things do not always go. After all, it's a long time. But Blandings asks every few minutes, how long is it? This movie is a joy. I suppose it is not a masterpiece in the tradition of Capra-McCarey, but it is a dignified successor of their thirties, and may be a precursor to what comes if the advent of television does not change the cultural landscape so radically. In the painting the real heat and much (W.C.) Fieldsian hard bounds of reality harasses regularly, but not so much to leave a bad taste. The people in the movie are all very smart and wealthy, but definitely from a professional top center, not from a rich rich high. Leading players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play the perfect master and Mrs. Blanding; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as a pragmatic friend of lawyers, who often have to have unpleasant themes, such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of why we would like a better term to call the suburban romance that was in the infancy in the immediate post-war years because one sees the forests and streams that have attracted people to the country First place. These people are definitely fish from the water in the then predominantly Connecticut village. Within a few years things have changed, as madness in the suburbs would be in full swing and forever destroyed the pastoral innocence that many have been struggling with in small towns that will soon be connected by highways, full of bottles and cans, their discharge competing against anything with which one met in the city.
