"In the world of old school kung fu films, where the images of revenge appeared to be a dime, it took a long time for the film to break out - and even more to become a favorite fan after all these years.The best film Chang Cheh continues to influence the film industry in Hong Kong, from the themes of fidelity, fraternity and revenge examined by John Woo (who began the HK film industry in Chang) during the hegey of the bloodshed at the end of the eighties to more modern films such as a man called a hero who sports a figure in costume inspired by this film. is also reflected in other areas, from music such as Clan Wu-Tang, to Sprite TV commercials and video games like "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so special? "" The plot - on the surface - is quite simple "They are members of a group of scammers known as" Clan Poison "for the treasure hidden in their sif. All members of the rope have extraordinary kung fu capabilities marked with their animal styles or "poisons" (the lizard can climb to the wall, the scorpion has a deadly strike, etc.). The turning point is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. A simple plot will become a thrilling thriller. We're not talking about ordinary suspects, but it's far above many other kung-fu movies of that time. Probably that Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script - like most of his films, he felt too dark and violent - and wanted to add a great comic relief to him. Fortunately, Chang has resorted to his weapons and has stayed with his original script, which has since become worshiped as one of the best films of his time, if not at all, completed an almost perfect dramatic arc and provided the perfect backbone for extraordinary action sequences. <br /> <br /> But what really strengthens the movie is the poison itself. Chang Cheh hit a magical formula with occupation - not only did he earn talented martial artists (whose movements, contestants without the help of wires or other special effects, bring to shame the most advanced martial artists), but also great actors. The formula proved to be so popular that Chang usually had one or more poisons in his later films. When they return to matters in hand, most old school movies seem to act on cardboard cutouts, but the actors actually create characters. Everyone seems to have a favorite poison (mine is Philip Kwok - best known as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - like a lizard) and it's a personal connection with the characters that generate The Five Deadly Venoms, making it the true genre of the genre. Even if you are not a fan of old school movies, you have to check out The Five Deadly Venoms if you do not see anything else from where a modern movie inspired. "
