Of all the kung fu films that took place in the 1970s and 1980s, a real cult emerges. With the exception of all the movies Bruce Lee played in this film, it is a film that has passed the test of time and the unique story. The aging kung fu master tells the last student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five pupils he had trained in the past. All five had masks and nobody saw the face of each other and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad, and Scorpion. The Lord called them a clown of poison, and did not know what had happened to them, that Tieh found them and helped those who did good to stop others who were evil. The old man who was once a member of the Poison Clan has a map where he hid a lot of money and seems to be the target. They do not know what they look like, so they have to mix in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh found that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), a centipede, kill the family to find a map. The map finds a mysterious man who turns out to be Scorpion, but knows he knows who he is. A local police officer named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) is investigating murders with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo), which is a toad and they know about each other. Snake bribes to local officials ascribes murder to Li Ho and while in prison, he is tortured and killed. When Sin finds himself joining Tieh and fighting together against Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when he came to these films. Chang was not your run of the director's kung fu director, and his films always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use it as a central theme. Although there is some vengeance in this history, this film is much more complicated. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing a mask. Then they are all in the same area and do not know who is the other. A very unique story makes this movie different from everyone else, and most of the Changs stories were in the class itself. I would not say exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was the world icon and the martial arts he exhibited were much more authentic. This film still has impossible performances such as adhesion to walls and all airborne, but this film does not necessarily have to fight scenes. It's more about the intrigue of the story and the characters involved. This in itself differs from all other kung-fu films. Very well made with a unique story.
