This is definitely one of the best kung fu films ever and can be one of the best movies ever ... It has a great plot that acts as a puzzle, with great intrigue and tension. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and frauds, with people hiding their identity and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe far more than your average kung fu movies. They are all interesting and convincing and the film does a good job by giving them scenes to show their personality and desire. Battle scenes play as small stories and many of them are very original and exciting. It has great training sequences and martial arts skills that are so amazing that they enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of a poisonous clan each with its own style that mimics the special skill of a poisonous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the training applied during the movie ... When this happens, the director uses a quick cut back to the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely. One thing about this film, which is very original, is the way it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was clearly very concerned that the movie did not affect death. This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective. We really care when people are killed in this movie. The reason is that the camera persists after the horror of death, even if they are killed. Some sequences in this movie are really horrible. When they stand up for revenge, you really feel their anger and anger. <br /> <br /> At the same time, it's also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad dubbing, the characters are willing to fight at the drop of the hat. Some of these sound effects are fun and sometimes the character's behavior is incredibly unrealistic ... it all just contributes to the size of the movie. And do not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie closely, you will find that the technical ability on the screen is virtuoso. Everything takes place so quickly (thanks to the rapid cutting style and fast motion of the genre) that it's easy to overlook how beautiful the movie really is. Lighting and composition are sometimes magnificent. The work and movement of the camera is extremely sophisticated, along with a very interesting fast-editing ... In scenes that show tension and intrigue, for example, imagine that Hitchcock moves about twice as fast. Chang Cheh was indeed a master craftsman and an artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working inside his borders. They do not craft the kangfu genre film, but in the subtle form of their ability they penetrate each scene and each cut and greatly contribute to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker, who continues to influence many people. This is the real Kung fu film package that brings to every level. It's art, it's rubbish, it's an emotional movement and it's fun, it's got a real sense of morality, but it does not allow that morality to get in the way of delivering a good action. I recommend to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
