When it first came out, the work of the Meysels brothers was much criticized and even regarded as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now celebrated as a masterpiece of documentary film, especially when the company is exposed to real exploitation on the reality television and poor development of the most natural cinema. Indeed, first, we have to say that this is not really a direct cinema, it's more cinemas. The difference between the two is very small, but it is mainly the fact that in this document we are ready to feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and cooperate with the filming figures. It also clearly shows that this is not exploitation. The Meysels are allowed in the house and are included in a very eccentric situation of very eccentric households. And Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​filming. It would be a great disappointment if only the voice of God's narrative and shallow conversations were shown. Here we have a complete portrait of the madhouse, a madness that seems to fit well with Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, litter and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture across the house, and constant struggles, which are the constant connections of reality. These two people live together all their lives and will not fight the camera because they want attention but rather because they can not help each other like this. They know too well to hide their inner feelings, it is not necessary. Eventually, although they blame each other for their own lives, they really love each other very much. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> The most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of age, both women can not help the girls. They can not help being a singer, a second dancer. Show your artistic skills before their camera. When Edie tells David Meysels rhetorically: "Where have you been my whole life?" she is really happy to finally show herself the whole world herself and her great showgirl skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic meaning and spell that is very unlikely to ever see again, just as Meysels and a few others could do.
