It's a really good thing that Sean Connery left as James Bond because I'm sure he will not be able to keep up with today's spy shop where fast cars are replaced by technical brainwashing techniques and are considered to be wonderful women to be less sexy than modern computer equipment. "Cypher" is a pretty inventive sci-fi thriller that often creates feelings of fear and claustrophobia, although it is unlikely. You know the trend in these types of movies: nothing seems to be, and just when you think it has solved the intricate plot, make sure you put in a new twist that everyone would be confused with. Events in "Cypher" are reportedly taking place in the most significant areas of the computer world, where large companies do not really like to steal thunder each other. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and gives them a new identity just to allow them to penetrate as spies into their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to expose Digisoft rats and retrieve them as double spies. Morgan Sullivan is among this unprofitable activity; a seemingly colorless 30-year-old employee selected by Sebastian Rooks (über-spy) to deal with the secret policies of both companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds, and director Vincenzo Natali (the Tube guy) takes the time to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film rather resembles the sadly underestimated John Frankenheimer gem "Seconds"? playing Rock Hudson? as it also deals with the deletion of identity and the drastic changes of your former lifestyle. Even the songs seem to come directly from the 60th film, with lots of empty white rooms and mysterious corridors that seem to be endless. There are also plenty of great actions and tensions, especially when Morgan patiently recognizes how the Digisoft crew controls the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the movie is stretched a little, mainly because you already realize that it all builds on just a few misleading plot and I was hoping for a slightly more gloomy display of a not so distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly busy and adorable Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as a girl who seems to be on his side. The election of Chief Executive Officer David Hewlett has the most memorable supportive role as the unimaginably eccentric engineer of the Suways Virgil C. Dunn engineer. "Cypher" is a well-made and adrenaline hurrying sci-fi fun, and is recommended to people who like it all the time.
