Cypher is the clever, effective and mysterious movie he brings. His good premise is well presented and its content is delivered efficiently, but also in the way of genre requirements. Although one can instantly label a film as a science fiction, it is more about it. It has obvious features of science fiction, but the film reminds more of a noir / detective feeling than anything else, which really adds a story. The film is generally played as a nightmare; creating and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are not sure what is happening, we are never sure why some things are really going on, and we are not completely sure of certain people just like they have a dream? ambiguity rules over us all? the hero included, and I did not see it so shot in Brazil's movie in Terry Gilliam's bar. If you are dealing with the worry that was mentioned earlier, Cypher presents elements of horror, as well as detective, noir and sci-fi, which makes you feel that there is something for everyone that integrates its elements. <br /> <br /> Also, there is a sense of espionage towards a movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is disturbing and at least it seems to me that the character of Rita Foster (Liu) to remind femme fatale can be considered as less threatening all that happens around the hero: People who seem to be friends they are not, people who say they are helping actually use it, and those who seem to be harmless are actually more deadly than they look. In spite of the many questions that have been hiding, there have been repeated events and commands that have been directed to make the world seem to end if they are not done; The only thing that seems to be the most dangerous is a romantic relationship or a connection with Lucy Lia's character? and she's trying to help (!) The film preserves this feeling from two sides, it fights spy war, espionage and keeps its employees and opponents. The whole thing is played like some mini-cold war; something reminded by the US and USSR. in their bloom of word wars and it really stretches over the given black, dizzying, often CGI layer of the screen that I've been stuck with. <br /> <br /> What was also interesting, and it was a nice addition, was a shot of embedded shots of some US states that resembled computer microchips when our hero flew from his designated destinations? and more, as it acts on Foster's own and motivation, this sequence disappears as it deviates from the computer, repetitive, controlled life that is said to be living and branching. Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of good film. Let's say it resembles Jason Bourne's first film, found only in the science fiction genre. despite the fact that both were released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is a feeling that there is something for everyone in this movie, and if you can look around a relatively unsatisfactory end that many people can successfully predict, you will find that you are looking forward to this film.
