Although it is recognized as the best film adaptation of house building difficulties (or purchased) according to your specifications, it is neither the first nor the last. In 1940, Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan were directed in the film version of George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart's comedy GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT HERE. About fifteen years ago, Shelly Long and Tom Hanks had a leading position in money. The first one was to move to an 18th-century country house that ... is going to need work. The other was building a dream house - in the late 1980s. Although both films have their moments, both are not as good as BLANDINGS, which was based on an autobiographical novel of the same name. Jim Blandings and his wife Muriel (Cary Grant and Myrna Loy) are noticing the tight corners of their apartment, shared with their two daughters Joan and Betsy (Sharyn Moffett and Connie Marshall). Although Blandings has a good contribution as an ad manager (he is $ 15,000 a year in 1948, which is like $ 90,000 today) and lives in a luxury apartment - he'll borrow that day in New York! - they feel they should look for something better. He and Muriel went to the country (Connecticut) and soon find an old ruin that both of them imagine can be repaired like the house of dreams they want. Both of them fall into the trench, the purchase of land and the construction can lead to. One thing is that they want to build such a home that they do not obey warnings after warning their wise, though cynical friend and lawyer Bill Cole (Melvin Douglas, a pretty sardonic role). Jim, for example, buys a plot of land from a retailer in Connecticut (Ian Wolfe, quietly choking suckers), with control over the double control of the right price of the land in that part of Connecticut. Bill points out that about five or six thousand dollars are paid for the land than it is. There are water supply problems that Blandings simply do not think, such as hard and soft water - which leads to the Zis - Zis softener. They found that the designs they had in mind and who worked with their architect (Reginald Denny) could not be cheaply dropped from the moment Muriel decided to build a little patrol that no one planned. <br /> <br /> The rising cost of the project is one thing Jim leaves behind. He was named to deal with the Wham account ("Spam" became a popular result of the Second World War, because the public started using it as a substitute for meat in light of his success with armed forces). Jim can not capture it (he is not alone - one or two other managers throw it before him). It comes with the following battle "poetry" (?): <br /> <br /> "This little pig went to market, it was pink and as nice as ham." <br /> <br /> He smiled in his footsteps when they gave him an ax - he knew he would end up like "Wham"! "> <br /> His secretary looks at him as if he needed a straight jacket when he read it! <br /> <br /> Jim is getting more and more suspicious of Billy and Muriel, though (in this case) Bill is impeccable. But he's always around (Jim forgets Bill's clear and he's keeping Jim and Muriel to make so many mistakes). All three have accidents, the best is when they find themselves in a half-built house, just as the men have left for the day. They can not open the door and Jim (in panic) tries to break the door down. It breaks the window and the doors open themselves. The film works quite satisfactorily and all actors are obviously enjoying it. It's one film that (in spite of changing price levels and salary levels) does not actually get older. After all, most Americans dream about their own house and always have. A few years ago the painting company took advantage of beautiful scenes with Myrna Loy and Emory Parnell about painting Parnell's company doing in different rooms. Carefully shows the bright shades of red, blue, etc., who wants, and even gives courteous Parnell a single thread for the right shade of blue. The ads indicated that the painting company had a wide range of colors from which you can choose your color. They proudly called Loy "Mrs. Blanding" at the beginning of the ads. But you can imagine how Parole will take care of the situation when Loy leaves his painting crew.
