Filmfour funded by Sci-Fi is definitely a must see. While this requires a huge influence on the Manchurian Candidate and does not offer anything new or original land wise; it's the most advanced skill that comes from being fresh and inventive, although it's basically a re-run of the previous movie. It is good to know that such films are still being produced (even if there are no large-scale redundancies), and for that reason Cypher is refreshing. The plot rotates and rotates, giving it an element of paranoia, and also serves to hold the audience at the edge of its place, trying to understand the meaning of Cypher's secret. The story follows Morgan Sullivan; bored suburban man who decides to work with Digicorpe, which involves listening to speeches from several rival companies and recording them for unknown reasons. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady known as Rita ... This film contains a number of bright white backgrounds that give him a very unrealistic edge and fit well with his apocalyptic vision of the future. This gives the film a very strange look that distinguishes it from most other films of the same kind, with the fact that it's really a slim Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange sister company. The plot is also very effective, and the character's character develops in favor of more stylish - and more exciting - conspiracy evolving. You never know where you are with the story that serves to make it even more interesting. The game is largely good with a very unknown occupation supported by a team of stars; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam looks very much like part of a quiet and frantic person in the middle of the story and works well with his role. Lucy Lui is an actress who has a biography that does not fit into her talent, but she looks at her to fit the movie. Cypher is far from perfect because some sequences are illogical and sometimes it may be inconsistent; but all in all if you want an inventive recent Sci-Fi movie; Cypher's the way.
