Vincenzo Natali's Cypher is a comprehensive and imaginative thriller that, although it requires a certain hold of faith and a lot of concentration, can be a very entertaining experience. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), staying home with a wife with a promising wife, decides to add a little spice to her worldly existence by gaining work as an industrial spy in the high-tech company of Digi Corp. His job is to travel to conferences across the country (under the assumed identity of Jack Thursby) and secretly send speeches given back to his bosses, using a handy little electronic pen-gizmo. In reality, however, the speeches are only the cover of much more shameful activities. Morgan, along with colleagues at the conference, is brainwashed. The drinking water they drink is brought into a temporary coma, during which it is said to forget their past and to accept their new identity. Once they are completely convinced they are someone else, they tell them they will apply for work with competing companies where they will be able to accompany company espionage without suspicion. Digi Corp's plans are, however, exhausted by the intervention of shady operative tenant Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who opens Morgan's eyes to what's really going on. It gives Morgan an antibody that changes her mind to resist brainwashing techniques. He also warns him that if Digi Corp suspects that he does not fully believe he is Jack Thursby then he will be "expelled". Morgan is playing and asks for work in Sunway's rivals. However, when he arrived at his new workplace, he was given a polygraphic test and immediately became angry as a spy. Fortunately, Sunways bosses see it as an ideal opportunity to give Fali Corp's untrue data, and Morgan becomes a dual agent. Since then, things have become increasingly complicated; the plot turns and turns and poor old Morgan eventually fails to trust anyone. In an exciting final it will eventually become clear (but only if you have watched the events very carefully). Director Natali will take care of it, and certainly has a great ability to produce an elegant looking movie. a relatively low budget. From his talented cast he managed to get great performances; Jeremy Northam is especially fantastic - his portrait of the initially somewhat nervous Morgan is played to perfection. Cypher is another fascinating film from the director who is willing to take the chance and I look forward to his upcoming projects, High Rise and Necropolis.
