This is a fantastically low budget science fiction film by cult director Vincenza Natali. The film is played like a cross between Philippe Kacka and Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the film has a unique feel like you do not see anything. The film is greatly shot, I love cinematography in this, I feel fresh and original. The movie film explores similar themes like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix and his handsome Sci-fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban woman who is bored with her life and decides to take up her job as a spy company for a major technology company Digicorp. At first she meets a recruiting officer who brings Sullivan on board and instructs him what to do. In essence, it involves participating in conferences of competing companies and recording them through a satellite-based transmission device that hides as a pen. It also means that she must accept another personality and keep her secret from her wife. After his first job things become strange, his habits change, his personality begins to vary, and he suffers from sore throat and headaches as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu. However, when he goes to work and sees it again, he reveals himself to be an agent of some sort that reveals that his work is not exactly what it seems. Later he finds out that he and the other people attending the conference work for Digicorp. Conferences are all covers that allow people to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose replacement name is Jack Thursby, got the anti-drug in Digicorps and while other spies at the latest conference reflected on what looked like a dream of dead daytime dreams while listeners listened (speakers send all sleepers through subliminal messages.) Suddenly the room lights turn off and the Digicorp workers come into shining lights in all the eyes of the passengers to make sure they are not conscious, and then in a rather shy situation they bring the head sets for each member who sends messages to the brain and brainwashing guides to believe that they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personalities and lives for these people while wiping their own existence. Sullivan must pretend to be convinced that Jack Thursby is now. Digicorp wants to steal information from their rivals Samways and want their own puppets to do so now effectively control what these spies do, except for Sullivan. When Samways gets to Sullivan and discovers that he was basically not brainwashing, they decided to use him as a pawn to speculate on Digicorp so that Sullivan would be a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent Thursby to go to Samway and go into the system until they get into a situation where they would download important information about the company that could close the company. Samways realizes that he was set up and decided to play together with Digicorp and allow Thursby to penetrate his databanks, but give Digicorp a floppy disk that destroys their system. The plot starts spinning and turning, because both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He's in the middle, and Rita Foster is a secret when he tries to find out why he's helping. When a mysterious third party comes in, the person who has shown Foster to work, Sullivan has to decide whether he will go to that independent agent who can guarantee him a new life and safety, or stick to one of the companies for which he works. Tensions are set for a steady climax, as everyone seems to want to get rid of it once its usefulness expires. The cast is great. Northam is excellent and the fineness of its performance is excellent. It brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell the story, and we see a gentle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy with no conviction, and her presence gives the movie a great deal of dynamics because it seems strange, but it works because of this. The rest of the cast is also good. Director Natali, whose previous film was a classic sci-fi Cube, has a real visual taste. The film flashes greatly and gives it a great look. For a low-budget movie, this presents some imaginative visual effects, and though CGI is not great, it never gets too hot to make the film negative. The film really brings the feelings of the Matrix and other great sci-fi movies, is there with them. The conspiracy seems to become too complicated sometimes, but it actually helps in a movie like this one, where Cronenberg and Lynch's influence is evident. This film is constantly working on what's going on, and really surprised when it goes on. This is a totally obvious cult classic and I see it is incredibly popular when it's released in the States. <br /> <br />
