Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took the artistic sky with a storm with an interesting and amazingly smart dice, which is my personal favorite SF film from the 1990s. He edited the basic idea of ​​a group of aliens caught in a maze-like maze, shot entirely on one set, and took the idea in a fascinating direction. <br /> <br /> I am urgently waiting for Natali's next steps, and although it took him five years to join another project, I am pleased to be worth it. Cypher is a fascinating survey of one person in the world and how, despite a completely logical chain of events, he finds himself in a situation beyond his control. I do not want to reveal too much information about the conspiracy, because one of Cypher's joy is the different ways that we take down. Nowadays he is so refreshing to see an SF film that has more than one idea in mind. Cypher is such a movie. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), one of the poorest people ever going on the planet, is hired by DigiCorp. It sends it to different parts of America to record different seminars. His confusion is incredibly boring. Cover topics as common as shaving cream and cheese. While Morgan is awaiting a seminar, he encounters Rita Foster (perfectly occupied by Lucy Liu), the definition of the ice girl. He gives him some clues, but there's something he finds irresistible. This is not very surprising considering the dry marriage in which it is. When Rita appears at one of Morgan's seminars, he tells him that his life is not as it sounds. And I'm not saying a conspiracy. This would make the impact that the rest of the film has on us, as well as the wandering path that is so fun. <br /> <br /> As with the cube, Natali has quite a talent for it, people who bring them out of the familiar and basically see what happens when they get to the unknown. And Cypher follows similar patterns. But it's not a carbon copy of Cube. She has her own inspiration. Cypher is a movie that has more to do with plotting thrillers and stories of paranoia. One of the great things about Cepher is the way these themes touch the story without your knowledge. When Morgan realizes that his fake identity is a piece of a much larger puzzle, it's just like a shock for us as well as for him. One thing that distinguishes Cypher from a cube is how much it is polished. Where the Cube has been limited to a minimalist environment, and the budget that has a 16-year budget, it also has low budgets, but Natali saves it as much as possible, allowing it to broaden the horizon and launch Morgan on an amazing journey through the labyrinth of its own identity. <br /> <br /> Natali's direction is exceptional, with a handsome hand on the swings. There are awesome camera angles from above such as the huge construction of the DigiCorp building as a huge, robust office block in conjunction with the insignificant speckou that stands out for Morgan. It seems that all the colors have been bleached out of the picture, which perfectly matches the tone of the film as a modern film noir. <br /> <br /> The game is equally excellent all over the world. Jeremy Northam is a sympathetic figure from his homeless marriage to ask for his own identity. Its performance is excellent because it is so modulated. It seems to have literally turned right in front of our eyes. From a clinical, paperless boy to a self-confident man who does anything to preserve his new identity. David Hewlett is glad to see who has done so much in Cube. He is housed in a secret power that seems to have been borrowed from Man in Black. His scene is one of the best, because it's an exercise in a carefully computed tension and paranoia. He is a presumed expert on the identification of twins, and it's a fantastic piece of writing that Hewlett was doing. All he has to do is look at Morgan and we are attracted to his complex mind game. But it's Lucy Liu, who's an actor on the scene. Too often, it is occupied in films where its potential is not fully exploited. But in Cepher, her character is finally given her a gauntlet. Rita is standing, guarded femme fatale, that Liu lives with pleasure. Sometimes I bathed because she is always in control and can reduce her peace to keep silent with the power of her ice-vision alone. Things are coming to a very pleasant end, it does not mean, they make an unambiguous comment on the way Cube did. But Morgan deserves his happy ending. After being invited, I greet him in the last scene. It's the perfect ending moment since it's the sun's rays after the last 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> Cepher succeeds in all directions. Connected, shocking, always entertaining, it's all that Total Recall wants to be, but it was not. And it comes as a refreshing antibody to a stunning and unexplained matrix. <br /> <br /> Good watching from Natali. And now I'm an enthusiastic fan of this man. Outstanding Things!
