Was it based on a comic book? Video games? Drawing at the age of 3? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie to take seriously; not characters, not dialogue, not action, not action. Nothing. We have top international terrorists / criminals who behave like pre-school children, Stallone's steel-like resilience to cold weather, the dialogue so stupid that it's sometimes almost cheerful, and so on. Even code labels that use bad ones are stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that takes up some tension, a good action sequence and a nice snowy mountain environment. Oh, yes, and unintentional humor. The film opens with really bad and unconvincing homosexual jokes among our happy and happy characters, who of course have a time of "swelling." Then there comes a failure that causes an unsuccessful rescue that anyone with fears of height might want to pull their hair out. And then we still have some bad dialogue, and after that some great action. This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic exchange with the Tourney when they meet after a long meeting is so soapy, so cliché, so fake and so bad that she does not have to smile from a self-respecting spectator. Soon after this terrible dialogue we are witnessing a spectacular and excellent aircraft abduction. The whole action is one big absurdity, but it's hopeless fun at the best. Though the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scenes are really the pinnacle of the movie. After the landing, our chief criminals try to guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They're sending Stallone to bring their first wallet, but somehow they do everything to make it so difficult for him to get to him; they take most of their clothes (so they can freeze) and do not give them the equipment they need (to fall). THESE GANGSTERS WANT TO HOLD HIS CHANGES OR NOT? Very stupid. They do not seem to believe Stallone, but they know they can always send him by post with Rooker as a hostage. However, our gangsters will make stallon's climb difficult, unless for logical reasons they provide at least information about how bad they are - to avoid any doubts. And for those who can still doubt how bad the bad people are, they overcome, praise and do in a really bad way. Everyone was convinced? Good. You'd better be. Otherwise, writers throw a mass execution of twenty school children just to make sure that bad bad ones are crystal clear to everyone. An old boy flying a helicopter ... How the devil fell into the trap? First of all, he had to be MTV a watchdog for crime, and second, he had to hear Stallone and Rooker's voices on the radio. A lot of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, and Lithgow has the dubious honor of getting most of the stupid lines. "Do not bother!" Lithgow: "I did not even start lying on my back." Or Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we have each other!" And as for Lithgow's murderer gang: these guys never want to kill immediately. They are very creative; philosophizing, pretending to play football with body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone wrote this thing. I do not know what kind of drugs he's done when he did. I would not like to think that the script is bad due to low I.Q.
