Watching Cliffhanger is nostalgic in the early 1990s, when virtually every new action movie was described as "Die Hard in a / a a." Cliffhanger is "Die Hard on a Mountain," and quite well for what it is. But unlike Passenger 57 and Under Siege, who are decent Die Hard clones according to their own conditions, Cliffhanger gets rid of the closed feeling of many action movies and includes breathtaking landscapes that in their immense threaten to overwhelm and trivialize the conflicts of people struggling and dying between peaks. Years before other films, such as a simple plan, and Fargo dramatizing crime and murder in snowy places, Cliffhanger director Renny Harlin realized the visual impact of dueling brutal violence and cruel fighting to survive the cold and indifferent natural environment. The introductory succession has already gained significant praise, all that it deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the rumble of the camera and the actor and simply believes that what we see is really happening. Even Harlin's shot of a falling stuffed animal, which is very effective but still threatens to become too humorous (and repeated in Deep Blue Sea), or a ridiculous look on Ralph Waite's face, can diminish the power of succession. <br /> <br /> Another impressive set-piece is a gun and robbery aboard the plane. As Stallone and Michael France and director Harlin wrote, the audience is struck by the fact that they do not first know which agents are involved in the theft and which are not: bloody double crosses are completely unexpected. As Roger Ebert remarked, the airplane stuntman among the aircraft deserves some special recognition. Later, during the avalanche sequence, one of the terrorists / thieves looks, the snow wall carries him down the mountains. While I know, no one was killed in making this film (a small miracle, due to the extreme nature of some stunts), so apparently the dummy was used for the shot. The shot itself, however, remains impressive because we wonder how Harlin (or perhaps one of the directors of the second unit) knew exactly where to place the camera. I will take Sly Stallone as my action hero every day of the week because he is one of the few movie stars I've ever seen who is quite convincing as someone who can resist a lot of physical and emotional pain while actually feeling that pain. The role of Gabe Walker really adds to Stallone's acting power: he plays an older, more vulnerable kind of action hero, who acts impressively as a low key as a mountain rescuer who has to redeem himself. Unlike many of today's action heroes of the post-Matrix, inspired comics, Stallone Walker is an ordinary person who becomes a hero without any supernatural or computer-enhanced abilities. At Cliffhanger, the hero almost freezes, and his clothes start to show great tears when he barely escapes one dangerous situation after another. He will return when he is hit and bleeds when he is cut out, especially in the cave succession, when he takes a jagged way of stinking one of those mad scumbags. It should be noted that utterly disdainful villains really contribute to film efficiency: when I first saw this film as a teen, I knocked on good guys at every step and predicted when another evil man bites dust (or rather ice); at one point I was really glad, because one of the most cold-blooded characters in the film deserved a violent demise. <br /> <br /> Lithgow's British accent is as unconvincing as an occasional model aircraft or model helicopter, but he is basically a good actor and one of the few who can perfectly show a silly dialogue: in one scene when he looks at his hostages Stallone and Rooker, trying to decide what tasks to put them, really says, "You, stay!" Even a better actor like Anthony Hopkins might have problems with this line. Although Cliffhanger occasionally throws credibility aside, he does it just for a more entertaining show. <Br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, for example, Lithgow openly tells one of his men: "Retire [Stallone] when he comes." No real criminal would do this unconsciously: his carelessness allows Rooker to scream a warning on Sly's face on the rock face, causing Stallone and the bad men to try to pull him down the rope tied to his leg. Lithgow could give his order in much finer ways, but the sequence might not be as fun if it could be observed if Rooker did not give the opportunity to openly invoke the arrogance of his prisoner. In the great style of the Saturday Matin series or (sometimes) Western, Cliffhanger is built on such a solid basis that he will survive some weak elements that would underline a smaller film. In addition to the painfully obvious aircraft models mentioned earlier, some of the scenes are shot down at cheap low-heeled halls and two other scenes including bats and wolves that seem unnecessary in a story. Finally, Harlin's decision to shoot some slow shots of the deadly scene seems to be useless, as the technician does not contribute anything to the scene. It is a shame that Stallone is now too old for action movies because his character in this film seems so trusted that I doubtless wonder how it would be like years later. But maybe it's best that Cliffhanger is standing all the time, without going on: it's already tired and outdated movie franchises. It was an unofficial sequel, which was called Vertical Limit: Cliffhanger's list of Top 250 IMDb is compared to this clinker. Rating: 8 (Very good, especially with respect to most other Stallone movies.)
