If you are one of those who delight in such mysterious titles as the Book of the Dead, the Book of Eibon or Necronomicon, you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also contains an occult tome, one with the power to change the fate of all those involved. Four French prisoners, who shared a cell, discovered it, the terrible object was placed in the wall where Danvers, a killer murderer, was in 1920; a man possessed with rejuvenation and black art before he disappeared suddenly. The book's seekers are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), accused businessman, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who wants to become a woman but at the same time build a body to carry out an escape plan, the hemisphere Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his sister and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), allegedly driven by mad reading, who murdered his wife. He reminded the audience of the equally bizarre bosor man at Fight Club (1999) that Lassalle started out as a dominant member of the Quartet, which especially protects Pâquerette's child. With the arrival of the book and the upcoming need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus assumes greater and greater significance. First assured of an early bail, Carrère is less interested in events than academic interest. Suddenly he also needs an emergency escape, and as an attempt on prisoners, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... Most occurs in a prison cell and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air entirely adapted to his subject (as well as a limited budget of creators ). Only at the beginning and then at the end will we get to the cell boundaries, which is a necessary opening, which serves only to emphasize the convicted, closed character of the control elsewhere. More than anything else, it's a movie about being imprisoned, whether as a victim of your criminal past or occult events that are now unfolding. "I'm about to flee," Carrère says at the beginning of the film and wishes more than anything to go back to his wife and son. Whether it does or not, it will be a terrible price and the great irony of the film is that the highest form of "escape" may not be what one could imagine. the budget constraint is that the first film director Eric Vallette is convinced that his film will succeed as well. As critics have noticed, it is a film with strong Freudian subtexts - such as Lassalle's characteristic mammals and adult breastfeeding; the image of the vagina that comes alive and develops the eye; an adult man who dissolves back into the fetus; Danvers' original placenta fetish; a dark cell like a primitive womb from which "delivery" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette hardly puts a bad leg and succeeds in creating a really disturbing atmosphere, of which it is only a question of four boys, four beds, one folding table and a book . There is a real, growing, Lovecraftian frisson, as men choose an unforgettable darkness from their pages, while one or two moments - the above-mentioned vaginal flickering or what eventually happens with Pâquerette - are disturbingly unforgettable. The stimulation of many dark events in Malefique is deliberate, and rejects the rapid cutting of many Hollywood productions: access to video-culturals, which often reverses a frightening view in favor of fast fixation and gore. Perhaps it is a particularly European way of reminding us of a similar, measured approach to the shocking hallucination that takes place in such films as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film which incidentally shares a particularly ugly image based on the protruding eye. /> <br /> In 1,85: 1 he liked it well, Malefique has excellent performances and if at least for this viewer the conclusion was not as clear as it could be, the way to the final shot was worth it. Also, soon after the release of Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason why we are grateful that good horror films are coming out of the French industry after the time it looked like the only useful product it came from from Asia
