Maléfique is a very interesting film. It is an unfair alloy of triumphs and failure. The central concept is great, three prisoners with bizarre personalities are joined by the fourth (the audience identifies them) and try to escape from their cells using the magic book they find in the walls of the cell. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is well woven, reminding me of Edmon Dante's prison stay at Château d'If (before becoming Monte Cristo). The director creates the feeling that the characters are bound to the cell, especially the character we wanted to identify with (Carrère - a criminal of a criminal whose crime is not specified, but it is obliviously suggested that it could be a scam). On one occasion Carrère breathes when he leaves the cell for exercise and has a cell door closed on it; never leave the cell, claustrophobia is intact. There are no shutters out of the cell and the view over the bars is the quiet sunset over the general prison wall. So even though the movie seems to be very modern, it has a very old feeling of jail. <br /> <br /> The characters are interesting. We have Marcus, a violent transsexual who plays a rough mother on Pâquerette (French for Daisy) a heavily slowed-up young man. Pâquerette likes to eat everything he considers to be beautiful, and sadly it included his sister, and therefore his current situation (I like this commentary on internalization, very primitive). Lasalle is a stale and obsessive elderly man who brutally murdered his wife. The central message of the film is that your desires will destroy you and there is also a ritual. I think that's what worries me most when I see people ruining ritually. He has a real life for him. A very simple soundtrack sounds good, each step deeper into the sand is accompanied by a boring gong ringtone. I can actually hear gong now every time I do something self-destructive. I think one of the conspiracy problems is that the end of the characters are not consistently reinforced by the news, especially with Carrère, it seems that even the concept of a book changes throughout the film, even in the case of subsequent revelation. I also think some of the paintings we see are a bit more amateur than design, such as the famous "vaginal eye" and Lasalle sodomie, for me completely hollow images. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, it looks like the director is in a hurry to get over it, and some things do not seem logical, for example, we were clumsily guided by the fact that we believe in Carrère's childhood a lot of things. It does not change the fact, even if what we have here is the precious bird, a "pure" horror film. There is no comic dross or segregation of genres such as Cube (1997 / Natali), an obvious movie that compares it, it's a total immersion where you feel like you're in a cell with characters. This last comment I make about a "pure" experience, I think, is something that others have mentioned, even though it is a rather unanimous point. <br /> <br /> A personal commentary is my favorite part of the movie, when Lasalle talks about her past as a librarian. He vividly describes the scene where one day goes to work and sits in his usual place in the middle of the room, where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. Books seem to be singing to him that he will never know his knowledge. This prompts Lasalle to go mad. This is really a problem with obsession with understanding and knowledge. It's something I've realized myself. One of the last comments is that two of the very well-received comments on the blackboard confuse character names. To make sure Lasalle is an older librarian, simply click on the Philippe Laudenbach page to see that he was born in 1936.
