Good horror movies from France are quite rare and it's quite easy to understand why! Whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a stunning new film, he emigrates to the famous Hollywood just after directing a great budget remake of other great movie classics! How can France build a good reputation for horror when their marionette directors leave the country after a single film? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic film that director Alexandre Aja (a one-way ticket) was given to states to release "The Hills Have Eyes" (which I frightenedly added). Eric Valette's long feature-length debut, "Maléfique", was also a very promising and horror film, so he's in Hollywood to steer the remake of Takashi Miike's "One Missed Call" story. So, you have two very talented Frenchmen who will probably not be making another movie in their native country soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient cooling unit that requires some patience due to a slow start, but once the plot is well developed, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of amazing special effects. The film almost exclusively takes place in one place and is only four characters. We are inside a dirty French prison cell with four inhabitants. The new arrival is condemned by the entrepreneur to make time for fraud, the older and the "wise" prisoner deadly kills his wife and then there is a mad transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete a special four. They find an old journal inside the wall of his cell, belonging to the sick killer in 1920, who specialized in black magic ceremonies and supernatural paths to escape. Four prisoners are starting to prepare their own escape plan using bizarre formulations of the book just to realize that the occult is something you should not have a problem with? Eric Valette dedicates to the oceans of time character drawings of four protagonists, which occasionally leads to superfluous and lengthy works, but his reasons for all this are clear in a terrible climax when the book suddenly turns out to be some type of Wishmaster - a device. "Maléfique" is a dark film with a claustrophobic tension and several twisted details of human behavior. Look at this before a rich American production company decides to turn up with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
