This film focuses on four prisoners locked in prison who are eager to escape their cell and hopes that the mysterious book of black magic written by a former prisoner around 1920 named Danvers, who wanted to use spells to keep young skin. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) criminal business tactics (abbreviations) landed him in jail with three oddball-related relatives .. Transsexual coarse Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus is a Toy Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats the objects that touch a prison for six months old sister), and obeying his accusations as if he was his breakfast mother and a scientific Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), the last of which is that he murdered his wife at the time. The film follows Carrère as he reads from the book, trying to understand that it means he hopes to find his way out of prison. Carrère loves his baby, and for a moment believes that his wife will take him out of the bail prematurely. When he betrayed him, Carrère begins to slowly feed on hatred and longs to see and hold his beloved son. Carrère's most critical criticism is Marcus, who desires to be completely feminine, yet still bent on several male features such as training and retreat. He speaks heavily and uses his muscle as a kind of fearful tactic, though deep inside is the world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under Marcus' control and behaves like a dog, he is a master. It is even an alarming scene when Pâquerette nursed Marcus! Lassalle is a mysterious secret that helps us slowly understand his later motives and what lies in his possibly sinister brain. He is obviously intellectual and keeps a secret from others, Lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation to try to keep the book's secrets. Soon, those who do not threaten the book are looking for their "true" escape, not so much from a four-cell cell, but a cell that traps their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown out of a room with a very fascinating character that enters the movie camera as if it were a new passenger ... what is this person and how he understands the power of a book he throws away, and even better how to use it? Constant in this film, each of the prisoners is often seen through their window into a world that is simply unavailable. I'm glad I was able to watch this movie. Played like "Monkey's Paw," characters get what they want, but the price has to be met. The film is horror, surprising moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion it's primarily a story-driven story. Gore is the product of what the book unleashes. One of the groups gets their limbs twisted while hanging in the air, while the amazing opening of the law shows the massacre left behind by the problem of one person. We see Danver's fate at the end, with a spectacular special sequence about how the baby will dissolve. Lassalle's fate is a masterful effect. Let me say that Maléfique, thanks to Eric Valetta's right direction, has always kept me in mind, and since such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a unique place, the prison cell), it never seems to drag. I think it's a testimony of interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention the convincing story that he was conducting through the supernatural.
