The French horror cinema has seen something new in recent years when great films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance appear on the scene. The Maléfique was just a slight recovery, but it is overhead and shoulders over most modern horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever made! The malice was, of course, shot down with a low budget, but it is invented much more than one film originality, and it is complemented by excellent writing and playing to ensure that the movie will be the winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a person named Carrère, who was sent to jail for fraud. He puts them in a cell with three others; the mildly ill Lassalle, the mourning transvestite Marcus and his late Daisy friend. After a short while in the cell, they are buried together on a wall hide that contains the old diary. After translating, they soon realize their magical powers and realize they could use them to penetrate prisons. Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I was quite surprised that there are not more movies on it because it has so much space. It is fair to say that Maléfique is doing the best of his assets because, despite being a limitation, the film actually feels restrained and can flow all over the world. Director Eric Valette offers a great movie atmosphere; the fact that most of these take place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film is very claustrophobic and it has an enormous benefit to the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! It is often said that the unknown is a thing that truly frightens people, and this film proves that the director ensures that we can never be convinced exactly what is right around the corner, and that will help ensure that Maléfique is actually quite frightening! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central fence; the characters are very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself has almost its own character is very well done. Everyone who fears the film will not be disappointed, because the end has meaning and can be absolutely scary! Overall, Maléfique is really a great horror movie and one of the best decades - HIGHLY recommended tour!
