"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective only with a good plot and a lot of heart. Her cast has no known names, she does not have a big budget, and certainly has no visual effects; but it all compensates for the intelligent and well-written scenario, effective casting and vision of the director, which focuses on telling the story rather than getting cheap excitement. Eric Valette may not be a well known name, but with "Maléfique", his feature debut, proves he is at the level of contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. The film is a story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with a very different background, but with the sole purpose of getting out. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is jailed after several millionaires have been convicted of fraud; (Clovis Cornillac), intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and mentally handicapped Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) are all condemned for murder, and Carrère welcomes them coldly. Their personalities collide when Carrère discovers an old book about how a former prisoner escaped black magic. Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, Maléfique is a great combination of dark fantasy and horror. which very much resembles the stories of Clive Barker. The strongest point of the film is the way it builds characters, they all have very complex and different personalities, and plenty of tension and tension come from their constant conflict of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well mastered and gives the film a sense of reading the Gothic novel. Despite the fact that the film is about four men locked in the room, the film is never boring or tiring and in fact isolation of the group increases the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. Eric Valette makes great use of the atmosphere, the mood and the cast to make his life spikelil. Despite the apparent lack of budget, he created a great film that is original, fresh and very attractive. Its gentle and effective camera work helps film dynamics despite its unique location and the slow pace of the film is excellent for creating a heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust of the film based on its plot. Very few speeches of special effects are very well done and Valette trades with quantity for quality in just a few but amazing scenes of gore. <br /> <br /> The characters are what this movie works on, and the cast definitely deserves some credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, the man at first sight innocent, but hiding a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. But Clovis Cornillac, who shows the performance with his performance as Marcus, is a violent and disturbed man who just wants to be deep inside. Characters are greatly developed and cast most of them do. The film is amazing, but it is not without its share of defects. Of course the best known is his low budget. Some of the effects of CGI are a little bad compared to effective makeup and prosthetics used in other scenes, nevertheless they are never bad for them. Probably the wrong thing about Maléfique is that it loses a little steam by end when it focuses on supernatural black magic rather than characters, not too bad, but the end may seem weak from this point. "Maléfique" is another of those great horror films that have recently come from France, and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely gifted because this modest (though complex) story about a supernatural person proves his abilities. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
