The influence of Hal Hartley in Adrienne Shelly's "I'll Take You There" is not obvious, but she has obvious ties to her work (Shelly acted in two Hartley movies). Not only does her film have a very narrow narrative, but hyper-stylized and extreme characters strangely make human emotions in a very real light. Though this film is not altogether ironic (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that pepper the piece rely on bitter truths in love and loss. With beautiful cinematography and soundtrack from the 1970s, "I'll see you there," a great indie-film that does not fit into postmodern irony when dealing with the fear of love and the reality of human emotions. > <br /> The film begins with the fact that Bill's life is down. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray to a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in retreat. Everybody gets washed up, Bill breaks into his own darkness and goes to death until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienna Shelly) brings him a lot of surprises: a book of self-help and a "date" for his traumatized brother. <br /> Reckless Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. There is no doubt that Bernice initially superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle suppresses his ability to "jump" with her. However, her pseudo-hippie qualities make him annoyed enough to hit her first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by his abusive remarks that she is strapped and forced to him. How much we are not aware of ... except for a psyche. (Who better to play psycho than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Conscious that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her car, but on the condition that she takes her somewhere first. On the way, he continues to hold Bill's prisoner with his own weapon (Pinkerton Detective, no less). There is anxiety, resentment, redemption, passion and violence when Bill and Bernice find themselves on their way to the country house of Raya and Rose ... of course with a few stops on the way.
