I was not born until 4 years after this great show first broadcast but fortunately I managed to catch the reruns of the mid 90's and the rest is history ...... I was addicted. The assumption was very simple; two supporting agents Nemesis, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (William Gaunt and Stuart Damon) work with a professional (if not young) doctor and biologist (Sharron Macready) to lead the bamboo curtain to get a dangerous biological agent with red porcelain. During their escape, their plane is hit by a machine gun fire and crashes in the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives rescue the mysterious and yet undiscovered civilization that heals and strengthens the senses of the trio, creating a scene for many exciting adventures ... <br /> <br /> The series lasted for 30 hours of episodes, and I think it was a fairly short life, one season that set it to cult. <br /> <Producer Monty Berman was famous for making things as cheap as possible, and sometimes he suffered incredibly unstable sets - especially in episodes such as "Happening" (Australian outback studio) and "Snow" series " Operation Deep Freeze "and" The Beginning, "but if you manage to focus on characters and stories, it's really a lot of fun. It was a great mix of adventure and a lot of merciless humor (mainly from some amazing one insert from William Gaunt). The chemistry of these three conductors was fantastic - you feel like they're really having a lot of fun out of the show and it's confirmed in a 2005 reunion film, where the three meet for over 35 years to remember the show (and laugh about Anthony Nicholls's terrible wig!). Everyone shared the same time on the screen and everyone had their moments to shine. I have to say that I was always a fan of Richard Barretta - I loved his sardonic humor along with this dangerous edge - it was definitely a person you did not go through, and those eyes ........ the lightest eyes you would probably see on the TV. I also watched the Bill Gaunts service with interest. However, Craig Stirling would definitely have his legion of female fans, and I'm sure Alexandra Bastedo had a whole bunch of male fans who had moved her. The show also featured guest stars Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Wyngarde, Burt Kwouk, Anton Rodgers, Kate O'Mara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington and Colin Blakely. <br /> <br /> Remarkable episodes for me were: "Auto Kill," "Listening," "Fans," "Mission," and "Gilded Cage," but I'm sure everyone has their own personal favorites. If you have the chance to watch this show for the first time, or watch it for many years, do not forget to look at it in the context of when it happened and just sit and enjoy - the characters and chemistry of the three guides is what made this amazing show me and I do not think I will ever bother. <br /> <br /> Enjoy it!
