In addition to several titles and a new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I watched every Guy Ritchie movie. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the main reasons why. This movie is a very different approach from Ritchie when you look at it compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. The revolver brings us to a psychological thriller who, as a gambling player, finds himself at the mercy of the concentrated enemies who are not expecting and guided by a redeeming walk that he did not know he needed. Along with see André Benjamin of OutKast's fame strut his acting skills, other standout acts are Ray Liotta playing maniacal D / Mach and Mark Strong playing the Sorter, hit-man. After being sent to jail by a tyrannical casino owner, Mach, Jake uses his time in loneliness to refine the plot to humiliate Mach and force him to match him for the seven years he spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent amount of money from Mácha, Jake finds himself on the brink of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable illness three days left to live. But the slave team has a response and a ticket to life - only when he gives them all the money he has and dares to work for them, all in the oven to both get Mach and show Jake how dangerous he has done to himself. Along with having a sadness of death and a couple of sharks who have a day of money, Jake must also deal with being hit by a hit that introduces Sorter - a rescue man under Mach's job. Depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some co-owners with whom he spent time alone can very well be a team of amazing shark to take him for everything he has by creating all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to paths. But when Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi are faced with this fact, they show how he has calmed down from being lonely, has only a company of his mind, and his ego then does so that their real existence is neither elusive nor Jake. The film reveals a humble process for both Jake and Mach as they both hit their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the movie is top-notch when you get to the harsh feeling of the crime and the characters it contains. Although there is a lot of nodding on Ritchie's previous films, he still has his own presence from dialogue, sets and experimental takeover of the gangster genre. It's also a great trip to pokery and recognition where you can easily let your ego or preset ideas mask the ability to achieve what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well-portrayed in this film, with all the parties that are upgraded, and according to Ritchie's fashion, they are all bound by some kind of captivation that throws keys in all matters. I could and would like to continue with this film and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take it too far if you have not seen them yet. It may take a few sessions to go through all the complicated layers, but it's a great movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and you do not see a ruined US release, find out if you can get the original British version, as it will mean a great discussion among friends when you try to guess. I saw it with my crews around early 2006, and we're still talking about the little things we've picked up today. He has gained his cultural status and is deserved as a movie in which Ritchie stepped out of the box and broke the norm a little. Standout Line: "Fear or honor me, but please, think that special, we share addiction.
