OK ... this film has been criticized so far by critics and poster posters (even though it was played by devil's advocates, you could suggest that critics are often people who did not produce filmmakers, and posters are often people who could not be criticized); so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with a magic sponge so I could maybe reach some people who decided not to see a movie based on how it seems that everyone looks down their collective nose approving of it. The biggest mistake of the film in gaining broad support is how unexpectedly it is. This has been described many times as making the movie an "inaccessible" viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively nonlinear, and the characters are used not only as a storytelling tool, but as a means of showing gentle (or not so subtle) hints of bias that we give things as we bring them to memory, IE. The nature of Ray Liotty gets rid of weapons and says the words "worry me" are portrayed as tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or questioning and courageous (from Liotto's POV). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach to filming a movie with Revolver, we have a plot that is quite archetypal (a strong but silent, crude anti-hero being released from prison with scores inadvertently into the world of corruption ... I think it's the color of the noir movie numbers here for the guys, up to the vague poetic choice of diction and gruff voices), but then Guy took that frame to do a number of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where the character of Jason Statham gets into the car. This ejection sequence could have been emitted from the movie and had no effect on the story ... but Ritchie points out how such small happening events, such as receiving a phone call, can mean the difference between life and death. <BR> <br /> So the ultimate act of the movie is pretty grumpy, I would have taken the pics if I said I did not lose the last 20 minutes or so the film would turn to my term "uh ... wtf?" ... but that's the most appropriate reason why you would not forget the artwork. It's too easy to dislike something because it's hard to understand. And even simpler to say, "Well, it seemed that no one else understood it, so it must be a real movie!" In my humble opinion, the Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature work of modern art that we should welcome in the same way as the Saatchi brothers. If we choose this opportunity to say together: "Oh sh * t, I wanted a movie about the load of bleeding gangsters in the cocks. "Guy Ritchie is a tit!" then the day will come when filmmakers will only be allowed what is expected of them from shallow, miserable people. Just because Guy made a name for himself with a funny, drunk cockney romps does not mean he can not be deep without being "demanding". Funny people can also be thoughtful.
