I recommend families, if possible, to show it only to older children. Some things in this movie are perhaps too worrying for those who can do it. Now that it's out of the way, let me explain this movie. a documentary film for a fox man who initially protects his territory and seeks a friend. Beginning with a beautiful sunrise and musical score is breathtaking. You should soak up as much scenery as possible, you will get ugly later. They gave it both foxes and viking names, but I can not remember what they are like me. He is fighting this invasive man to gain his love. Later they created a day, and the vixen gave birth to four cute chicks, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments representing the fox family, but tragedies and bad luck become too early. The first victim is a blind puppy that is too close to a high tide and is crawled. The second victim is a mother who hangs on a stick when he is chasing a chicken. Unconsciously entering the trap. When she tries to escape, she breaks off part of her leg, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to watch her dying under the tree. the man is now the only dad, forced to assume the role of mother and father. He has to teach them the skills they need for life. Later it turns out that this is not enough when two of the now-growing youngsters meet the ugly fate of their own; due to the carelessness and cruelty of man. I do not understand the surprising end for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs near his tail. And that's a well-deserved end after the audience and fox family wanted to say I saw it when it came out in the early eighties when we had something called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw it but never I did not understand why it would not let me see it all. So I know why when I secretly watched it when it came to Disney when I was 9. I felt emotionally gutted after I saw all this evil happening. She was moved to tears. But how dark and ugly it is, serves purpose. To allow people what will happen to these and other animal species and why they are at risk. This document wanted to get a report on this endangered species, and I was hoping it worked. It's not fake like movies of true natural nature Disney, they do not know why the animals will die. The interference of the land, the killing of the main fox prey and the senseless killing of these beautiful animals, led to their endangerment. I wish they would continue in this film (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are better treated. be about a vixen puppy named Teresa and her siblings grow up. This film also reflects a bit on what will happen to human families ever, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent assumes the roles of both, and tries to learn important lessons of life. It's not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are destroyed. Or they become victims of the tragedy themselves. Best everywhere around the soundtrack and musical score I've ever heard.
