Now I've read some negative reviews on this show on this website and frankly I'm horrified. For anyone who even thinks Sopran is not a television, I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started watching many T.V exhibitions like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even the Invasion. But all of these shows have lost their mood after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refused to watch, because the companies made 2 ingenious ideas and slaughtered them more than once a season. Then we have Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV series I've ever watched, where I've been taken throughout my season and, more importantly, all his episodes. There is no department to show this show. Tasks - Nothing top. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his acting is absolutely amazing in every episode when I hear that HBO wants Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would be the best choice, but after watching the first a few episodes, I knew HBO did a great job of playing James as Tony. The raw emotions it shows are excellent. Then we are all others, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (I remembered as Johnny Ola in The Godfather Part 2) and my two personal favorites Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors perform in the best quality, and they all have outstanding performance in each episode. Then we have a story, I've never been sucked into the T.V show before. The story is not good. Each episode is greatly focused and the score of this show is just fantastic. I feel Soprano is a show I can watch and watch again and never get bored. It's all from funny humor to brutal violence, but it is and always is best for her to ever love television, and I call on everyone to really find a mistake. Do not just say he's too violent, or he feels that Tony's character is immoral, I think it's a Mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters will be very sincere or faithful to God. I urge everyone to watch this show because you believe me to be connected from the first episode, and I even got some friends who first refused to see the show and join her. Believe me when I say that this show is Godsend compared to the bulls that come on TV. After watching the first season, you will have to agree with me once again that this show dominates television and no current or future television show will ever erect a miracle that is Soprano.
