Although "Soprano" is yet another gift from megahit "The Godfather" and the sequel, which dramatized and to some extent fascinated the mafia, "Sopranos" we try again. They are not suitable swimmers who live in Lake Tahoe and are in casinos in Vegas - these boys are goombs, with a waste management front dealing with things that fall on the back of trucks, what the neighbors are about. <br /> <br /> This series dominates color characters that do not create sexual and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mob head with a wife and two children living in New Jersey who suffer from panic attacks when trying to balance their biological family with the mafia. In order to get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him, yet attracts him at the same time. Tony is a friend - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (titular head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - are all full-fledged figures. As we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside but from the inside, and one of those enemies includes Tony's ill, but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand), who convinces the junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tony sister Janice is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems with lady and wife (Edie Falco), who has a lot of standing because he loves him and maintains relations with Catholic religion all the time. "The church frowned upon the divorce," she told a woman who was considering splitting. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. As for Mrs Tony's problems, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough, and asks if it sounds well-known. Yeah, it sounds like his mother. I'm of Italian origin, and yes, I'm sick of the Italians showing in the negative light, and everyone assumes that all the Italians are mobs. Yet you do not like it because it is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's pointed out, it's not a turkey and a sweet potato cake - that's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then a bird!) Not to mention the true pronunciation of melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole), manicotti ) The only non-Italian thing about Tony is that it does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except my parents never had). <br /> <br /> The cutouts in this show are Gandolfini, like a ruthless anti-depressant gangster, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife and Bracco as tortured by Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take violence and tongue, it's a great show, a stark portrait of Jewish life in New Jersey.
