Soprano is probably the most acclaimed TV series ever, so naturally my expectations were over the roof and yet the show was overcome. I love the mafia and the crime genre in the movie and am looking forward to watching stunning stories in these worlds, but it's so much more. 86 hours of material gives the story a chance not only to be one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories but also to be a great family drama, shocking character, comic laughter, brilliant psychological examination of the nature of good and evil, and intellectual artistic cooperation of representative dreams and hallucinations in one. David Chase's epic series has managed to do everything else and make HBO make the closest TV channel go into perfect cinema, paving the road for a number of other series to keep viewers away. Realism is present when it is needed, but Chase decides to divert it from it to effect the opportunity for "dream episodes" and similarly adds more layers to the series. Chase along with strong written staff, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire, are becoming New Jersey into a complex universe filled with the greatest cast of characters I've seen on television. /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most pioneering characters on TV at all. Tony holds half of the gangster stereotypes from pop culture but, on the contrary, he completely resists the second family and his family interactions and therapies with Dr. Melfim (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has a great chemistry to ensure that therapeutic scenes always have a completely different feeling than the rest of the show), we see almost all sides of Tony Sopran, and we learn that there is more than anyone could expect . Edie Falco responds to the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife Carmel. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, suspicion of murder, her troubled Tony cheating and her own thoughts of infidelity, Carmela has been running a whole range of emotions for six seasons, and Falco is the main vehicle for viewers not to have eyes on such a a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carl offer some of the most sad and painful realistic dramas ever seen on television. Support for cast is almost equally phenomenal and a wide range of characters occupy the cast during all six seasons, in some way without any release. Nancy Marchand stole the show as Tony's promising mother Livia, a look at Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's uninterrupted complaints is almost spooky, because it takes care of so much credibility. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protege, whose various bad decisions lead him on a road that is painful but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend Adriana and is so well-loving and loving that her dark arc has a character when he is too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and source of the comic, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and intricate characters on the show and no one is playing deeper anger better than him. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Famous actors such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young and Eric Mangini appear during the show while names as remarkable as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are 50 + great characters with massive arcs, and excitement and tension never left in any of the different subplots in the show. Comedy elements and whole episodes filled with brilliant glee to dilute the energy of dramatic intensity from a series that is so versatile that for one reason or enough, the credits of almost every episode make me a little confused. The soprano is the most powerful and addictive series I've ever seen, and its peaks are so unmistakable that I should call it your favorite show, even though I probably do not agree with me. <br /> <br /> Whether you love or hate the end, or what you are doing, is irrelevant: the debate she has created is a success in itself. The economic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are many elements that anyone can love and bewildered at this show, so if you think about seeing someone else, do yourself a favor and stupidity.
