Not only does it happen in "Sopranos" to attract viewers from around the world, but I think (at least for me) what brings audiences back is acting. (Nor you, Gary, can not question this claim) James Gandolfini, who plays Tony Sopran's lead, has become (according to this viewer) one of the "Hollywood elites" when it comes to playing a television series. I would not go and compare it to Robert DeNirom or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. But he does a hell of a job that plays the role of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has shot so much as an actor (mainly due to his role in Soprano) that he is now considered one of the best in the industry. And it's not just him. "Soprano" has enriched great acting series including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's terrible mother. At this moment of existence, the show is considered cult-classical and rightly so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite scary, but undoubtedly extraordinarily ready. The third season was great, but she did not quite experience the hype of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the new year, was the weakest season (or at least in my opinion). Despite the dry spell I found (Season 4 "The Sopranos") is more fun than most of its competitors, and it says a lot, because lately I have noticed the trend in good new TV shows. Examples: Six Feet Under, The Shield, suppress enthusiasm and OZ (which is not a technically new show, but this year ended with an unforgettable final season). To return to my opinion, consider the show better than the entire competition for a particularly bad year, no less, it's quite a success from writers. "Soprano" ranks above all other television shows in its time, and her writers deserve a lot of credit. To close, I'd like to say, "Sopranos" are real people. For an average mature audience (17 and over) who has a drama and does not mind mixing small violence and shame, you can look at "Soprano" if you have a chance. Trust me that it will be good for that.
