This is a great example of a good, silly movie. No, it's not a great art. The script is not even close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series are basically good-humored romps that doubt the kind of territory that the Zuckers ruled before moving to serious moves. As the title suggests, this fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the plot of Killer Tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (3rd place in the role of John Astin in the role) has a plan to rule France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the rightful King of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sports player and who will become the dead call of the long-lost real French king. It is obvious that he also plays the aforementioned ll t K F, happily twisting the French language. Fuzzy Tomato (as well as others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be the main character in the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, who was recently unemployed as a result of closing the FAMILY TIES series, plays a thin, masked version of himself, like "Michael J Fox," as a way to earn the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Mary, gleefully reflecting between misunderstood virgin sexuality and border psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Holland had more film career! Another returning member of the Killer Tomatoes corporation is Rick Rockwell (now known as the Unfortunate title "Who Wants to Marry Millionaires?"). As co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both before and behind the camera in this series. What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not really, indeed, except that he had a unique vision and he managed to pull it off, and when he did, he probably got into the unknown. John, if you ever saw this, thank you for giving us Killer Tomatoes. The screenplay is strong, but not incomprehensibly, it's just a movie. Like RETURN KILLER TOMATOES, the event occasionally sets off the set and into the center of the movie crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum in which he complains about his own lack of success compared to his former costume, Michael Fox. This is the biggest budget for all the Killer Tomatoes movies and is a nice addition to the series. Okay, the show moved to Fox Kids as a cartoon (which was also quite smart), but the cartoons are just not the same.
