I like MIDNIGHT COWBOY and it has it in my videotape because it's my favorite. What is interesting to me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY was released in 1969, it was so shocking to the audience that it was rated X. Of course, at that time X meant maturity. Since I was only two years at the time of the release, it's hard to imagine how shocked the audience is. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics contained in the film, which included prostitution (her own name was a slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; physical (and to some extent also emotional) abuse, and drugs are hard for many people we are talking about today, I can get a sense of what viewers of this film thought back to their release. It is worth mentioning that in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COWBOY declined to R and although it is still rated as R, some scenes could almost be rated PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to give a brief account of the conspiracy, although it is probably almost everyone who has heard of the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas, who decides to make a big man in New York who accompanies wealthy women. He emulates cowboys actors like Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy suit and thinks it will affect women. After being rejected by all the women she met, she meets an enemy named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, starring Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can get all sorts of money if he has a manager. Joe is again abandoned and formerly homeless. However, Joe encounters Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without much more conspiracy, I want to say that Joe and Ratso are the rest of the film when they try to help each other in an effort to fill their dreams. I.E. Joe does that as a gigolo, and Ratso goes down to Florida, where he thinks he can regain his health. I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First, acting is excellent, especially leads. Although the movie is really very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, even though they are not thoughtful, I find fun. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk along the city street and the cabin is practically driving. Dustin Hoffman says to the cabin, "Hey, I'm going here!" I'm going out of the scene because it's so typical of New York where a lot of people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to guy O'Daniel. What's fun is that we first think O'Daniel is there to get a giggle and see why Joe is so excited, but then he starts to realize that O'Daniel is nothing more than a religious walnut. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe are arguing in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy suit just attracts homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne, God!" What I like delivery in the scene. I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 1960s, much of it will ring today. This is because although the area around New York's 42nd street has been cleaned out in the form of Disneyification in the last few years, homelessness is still as prevalent as it was 40 years ago. Many people also have unrealistic dreams about how they will have great success just to break their dreams, as was the case with Jon Voight. One thing that conceives me of Jon Voight's position is that he is the survivor, and I felt he had a lot of maturity at the end of the film and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had a good influence on him. > <br /> Finally, I would like to say that when I look at this film, I recommend that it be viewed at least a few times, because there are so many things that happen. There are, for example, a lot of memories and dreamlike sequences that made me more meaningful after a few views. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot of work to be interpreted in this film as what really happened to Joe Buck (character Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the end, though I do not want it to be open for those who have not seen the movie.
