I did not think about it at all, but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title "Midnight Cowboy" was gay porn. At that point, I knew it was a reference to it in the "Seinfeld" episode, when Jerry tried to get Kramer to Florida to Kramer's bus, and Kramer was sick and bleeding from his nose. The film was great and surprisingly optimistic, and not all pitiful, pessimistic, like some movies I can not even remember because they're all crazy. In essence, the naive young cowboy Joe Buck in New York tried to be a houser (basically a male prostitute), thinking it would be easy to pick up just to hit the brick wall when the woman would end up pampering HIM and pay him for their sexual meeting. <br /> <br /> Then he meets Enrico Salvatore Rizz, called "Ratso," with all the cute homosexual boys who still enjoy it. You think he's like a villain, but nice (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and surprisingly Jo and friends have become friends and the movie is so sweet and warm that he is friendly and so and so. Rizzo is revealed to be a sad, honest person who is very sick and very depressed and self-confident, he hates being called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida where he thinks that life will be much better and all his problems solved; he will learn to be a chef and be famous there. It's hearty watching Joe do everything he does to make them both down in Florida, along with many happy moments (as Ratso tries to steal food at that hippie party and capture a woman who says, "Hey, you know, it's free, you do not have to steal it, "and he says," Well, if it's free, that, "and the classic moment completely unnoticed and unscheduled, where Hoffman almost hit the Taxi and yell" Hey, I'm going! ") and acting so credible You would never believe that Joe Buck will grow up as a prominent and acclaimed actor Jon Voight and Ratso Rizzo will grow up as a legendary and beloved Dustin Hoffman. It's not the first time they work together in major roles, but chemistry is so dense and intense. Then there is a sad part I think is quite exaggerated to call it "depressing". Ratso Rizzo falls apart all over the movie, can barely walk, barely eat, has a lot of coughing, is sick and reaches the main point on a bus on his way to Florida. He has a bad injury and only a few miles from Miami finally dies in the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is OK and continues on. Sad, but not in a way that would make you home and cry and look for pain as if you had lost your dog at the age of 13. Overall great movie. And the soundtrack pretty much includes "Everybody's Talking," which took place at the appropriate times throughout the movie. Special motion, but great, because the song is good and perfectly suited to the movie's tone. Go for it, it's great, go buy
