Although I love this movie, I can barely watch it, it's so real. So I gave it tonight and hide behind my computer. I remembered it alive, but I just wanted to find out if I could find something I did not see yet ........ I did not do it: it's because it's so real to me. <br /> <br /> Another "user" who wrote the age of commentators should be listed along with their summary. I'm for it! It is quite obvious that most of these people who made comments about "Midnight Cowboy" may not have been born when they were released. They mention other films that later appeared in Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman. I will be frankly frank: I am 82 years old. If you have met some of my other remarks, you will be aware that I have been a professional woman for 60 years and you have appeared in the movie - you would never know me even if you were familiar with my nightclub. Do you think I know a lot about the characters in this movie? VISIT, IT'S IT! .... .... and I'm not a little shy. If you did not get into some of them, it's your loss - but you have a huge chance, but you just do not know. So many mums, dads, sons and daughters can surprise you. It should not be a secret Many actors / actresses appeared in the background "Midnight Cowboy". Who is to judge? I can name several BIG-TIME contemporary stars who have been raised on the wet streets of many cities and have not been a little damaged by the time spent in these cities. I do not feel any court because they are people, just as we all - love, courage, kindness, compassion, intelligence, humility: you name attributes, there are everyone, no matter what the package looks like. <br /> <br /> "Trivia" about Hoffman really begs on the street to prove he can do the role of "Ratzo" is a gem - he can be seen driving his car all around Los Angeles - how do you think he gets his entry ? I can also name a lot of male stars who stood on the streets and sailed for the money. Although I have been working for a nightclub for the past 26 years, it has been world famous and legitimate, I can also name some of the HUGE stars that have to be constantly expelled from our street and tried to pick up. <br /> <br /> It should not be a surprise today, though it is definitely action in Hollywood and other cities, big and small. Awake and smell of roses. They do not feel less sweet because they have a different shade. Some "users" thought that "Joe Buck" was poisoned by his grandmother. Although I saw him in bed with a friend, I did not find it. Believe it or not, the children did not always have their own room - because today it is necessary, it should tell you that there might be something cowardly in the master bedroom. Whose business? Hoffman may be asking for a change in the streets, but some "users" point out that Jon Voight was not the star for the Midnight Cowboy - his real pay would surprise you. I think he was robbed! Nobody can question the clarity he has put into his role, nor that he has made him the star for such a great job as "Deliverance." He defined a strong man who conquered his devils and was better: few people said he was sodomized in this film. The late 1960s could have been one of the first films that were so open but the company was always hip. I also did not find homosexuality between "Ratzo" and "Joe" - they were clearly contradictory, mutually unwavering. They found a much higher relationship - true friendship. If you did not understand the end of the movie then you lost time. "Joe's" confusion, but unprecedented devotion is obvious. Yes, Voight earned an Oscar for this role that John Wayne has never been able to pull and was so handsome in his youth. Hoffman's Hoffman - You're expecting a fireworks. He gave them great. Wayne got his Oscar. Every character in this movie was beautifully defined - if you think they are still around you, you are wrong. "Party"? - Visit some of the "young people" who will attend ..... if you can get in. Check out a number of people who are trying to get into hot clubs - you will see every outrageous personality. <br /> <br /> Brenda Viccaro has become the epitome of elegant women's societies, who sometimes have to get into rough stones. If you were shocked by your great acting thoughts, thinking "it's not real," look at today's "ladies" who live on the verge of dissatisfaction ... and they are admired. <br /> <br /> The brutality of "Joe," depicted in the stealing of an old man, unfortunately, is also part of life. You do not have to justify it, but it is not much different than any violence. "Joe" clearly named his intention - in that situation, I would put money more quickly than he had asked himself. This is one of the scenes that make this film an obstacle I can not see. I'm broken heart for both ... John Schlesinger must have been familiar with this sordidity to drive this cool, cool eye-opener - Waldo Salt did not write out of clairvoyance. Everyone who had a part to get to the screen had to realize he was doing history, and he should be proud of the honesty. Perhaps "only in America" ​​we can close our eyes to unpleasant situations, while other filmmakers are not recommended to present to the public. It does not seem to indicate that there is not - give me the truth every time. Bravo! to all ......
