John Schlesinger's sour, unrestrained and beautiful masterpiece today is less than 35 years ago when American life was even more disoriented. The film could not have been done at any other time in history because there were so many changes in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam and the clash of social ideals that were "Midnight Cowboy" is widely known as the only film has earned the Oscar, which has been awarded "X", but for his glory is much more; also goes beyond the norm as a work of art. While this film (from James Leo Herlihy's novel) has something to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the politics of the 1960s by looking at the hidden bonds of friendship and dealing with themes known to man in all epochs. The two main characters are in fact the standard anti-heroes - men who have nothing to offer but have a lot of things about our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is on 28-year-old Joe Buck, physically impressive native Texas played by Jon Voight. In the introductory scenarios, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York, where he intends to use one of the few real talents - the ability to please women - and to earn wealth. Upon arrival, we learn that Joe is a naive person in a sex shop. Caught in cowboy dungeons and claimed to be "one hell of a bitch," the young Texan intermingles with his tricks before joining Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick con man and a tiny Bronx thief. Ratso, who is short, thin and uncontrollable, proves Joe little financial help. They run out of cash quickly, and when life is deteriorating sharply in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shake in a denied apartment building in Manhattan with a name barely a dollar or a square. During this period a strong friendship develops between them, both men rely on each other to fight with tremendous chances. In the movie Joe listens back to previous years in Texas, including life with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White) who served as a guardian; his furious relationship with "Crazy" Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and the traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were attacked by urban people who wanted to divide a love affair. Most of the time, "Midnight Cowboy" strings together a wild spectrum of memories, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters while disturbing their background. For every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Ratso, there are more questions about their lives. Both men have no doubt, they do not have a clear sense until Ratso gets into pain, and Joe finally feels the purpose of being alive. This revelation pushes "Midnight Cowboy" to its conclusion, somewhat promising in a very cruel story. While Joe and Ratso hardly need any luck, John Schlesinger is clearly outlined and uses the crisp atmosphere of the Waldo Salty screenplay that allows Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions look extremely natural and bearing casts made up of Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of Andy Warhol's piano as being an essential part of the story. Flash sequences including Voight, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt are especially impressive in dealing with lost time prosecution. Every young person interested in psychedelic time is recommended to watch this movie thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holender ("Smoke Boy") and Hugh Robertson ("Shaft") editing. Visualization "Midnight Cowboy" works with a soundtrack (assembled by John Barry) as a cohesive unit that sometimes predicts music videos of the last two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary song in the edit phase. An unforgettable harmonic theme is played by Jean 'Toots "Thielemans." Midnight Cowboy "was released in a two-volume collectible edition of MGM / UA, featuring extended features and comments, and a DVD DVD release (for this review), which offers a dual widescreen and standard 5.1 Dolby Digital audio format, three-language subtitles and The two editions of the DVD include the 25th edition of the restored version of the film, showing its original shine, all three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, , Waldo Salt) and other nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson) will surely keep their place on the list of immortal classics.
