Johnny Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" may perhaps be the most remarkable thing by being the only X-ranked Academy Award-winning Academy Award-winning film. That was certainly how I first heard about it, and to be totally honest, I did not really expect much of the movie. That does not mean I thought it would be terrible, but I did not think it was the movie I would like to watch. Is that one of the reasons why you should never trust such behaviors with your own instincts? a remarkable combination of starring acting, ambitious direction, and an unforgettable soundtrack ("Everybody talks to me, I hear no word they say") make this film one of the best surveys of life, naivety and friendship Young Joe Buck (then newly arrived Jon Voight) like a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a cheater, a male prostitute. However, women do not seem willing to pay for their services, and Joe faces life in extreme poverty because his money supply begins to dry. During these explosions, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crippled cheater who first tries to take Joe out of all his money. When they realize they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and tries to do (mostly dishonest) lives for himself in the cool, bloated metropolis of New York City. /> <br /> Joe made sure that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such business ending ends up paying twenty dollars to his wife (Sylvia Miles). Though he may be considered somewhat intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful bout and hacker cough, always assures that if he could just travel to the Miami heat, it would be all right. This misleading expectation that things will be so easy, reminds Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classical novel, "Mice and Men." Recorded mainly on the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy" is a harsh, realistic view of life in the slums. While watching the movie, we can almost feel that we are inside Ratso's unhappy, unhurried residence, our joints stiffened by painful winter winters. Acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, with Voight and Hoffman painting two decadent shots of modern society. In particular, Hoffman is exceptional in his role (I'm going here! I'm going! ") And he was able to avoid the fact that after his much-praised debut in 1967," The Graduate. "The two stars were later nominated for Oscars for Best Actor (also nominated for acting as Sylvia Miles who could not be more than five minutes), though both were eventually lost to John Wayne in "True Gravel." "Midnight Cowboy" eventually won three Oscars of seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is said mainly linear, though there are numerous memories that suggest that Joe is a past. Rather than explicitly explaining what these short excerpts are about, the audience is invited to do it on its own, and how these circumstances could have led Joe to the path he is now doing. The painfully beautiful final scene leaves us a glimpse of hope, but a great deal of uncertainty. Fragile, thought-provoking and intensely fascinating, "Midnight Cowboy" is one for ages.
