It's not even a timeless masterpiece that you hoped would be based on a renowned success, but the 1969 Midnight Cowboy is still a powerhouse show for two young actors who were in sight at the time. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Wald Salt, the film looks like the product of its time, the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressive, but still charm, as the story comes to the themes of loneliness and ties that resonate regardless of time. The cinematographic influence of the film is still felt in the unspoken emotionalism found in the Brokeback Mountain Ang Lee. The meandering story follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud-for-hire for rich women. Full of energy, but without any wits, fails unhappily but is not willing to admit defeat despite its declining funds. He meets a cynical, sick petty thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy pawn. They both become dependent on themselves and Rizzo begins to manage Joe. Things get on the psychedelic side where Joe finally gets to a paid client. Meanwhile, Rizzo is getting worse and they both headed for Florida to look for a better life. It's not a story that appeals to everyone, in fact some may still feel repulsive, the trickster and the thief are transformed into sympathetic figures, yet their floods feel painfully authentic. Jon Voight is ideally occupied when he brings Joe's roughness and deep sexual uncertainty. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully defended his clean, post-college painting from "The Graduate" and immersed in personal degradation and a glimpse of hope that acts as a strangely compatible counterpoint to Joe. The honesty of their portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's film therapy, which at that time vividly captures the distress of Times Square. The director also effectively puts together the montage flashbacky and fantasy sequences that complement the fragile character psyche. The credit must also go to Salt to avoid ubiquitous cynicism over the pathos of the story. Other performances are just accidental for the main character tours, including Brenda Vaccaro as Joe's wife, Sylvie Miles as the mother of the wound, John McGiver as a religious cheerleader, and Barnard Hughes as lonely outside the city. The Dvoudiskový DVD package for 2006 includes an original press release of restoration from 1994 and an informational commentary from producer Jerome Hellman because, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger nor Salt still live. On the second disc, three amazing rhythms appear - the documentary "After Midnight: Reflections on Classic 35 Years Later," which includes comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive records such as Voight's screen screen; "Discussion and Recognition," which examines the origins of the "X" film and the public's reaction to the film; and honoring the director "Celebrate Schlesinger".
