Midnight Cowboy Opens With Drive Running In The Theater With The Voice Of The Hero's Joe Buck (Jon Voight), who sings in the shower. She's singing a cowboy song, that's what she's trying to do. Joe raises his humorous life in Texas and moves her to New York with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses as an example of a cowboy, but his friends did not even accept it in a caricature way. He starts his journey on the NYC bus and we can quickly see how diluted Joe is through his interactions with other passengers. This is primarily a story about how Joe realizes the harsh reality of the real world. He starts out as a very naive southerner who thinks he can do it in NYC just for his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, because it has proven to be useful in the past. we learn from the many feedback we have. At the beginning, video playback is shot in a way that shows it as somewhat moody. They are blurred, and the voices are as if they are coming from a long distance, as they are, from the past. However, as Joe deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh NYC atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer striking, but overwhelming, black and white shot with a quick adjustment to portray the cruel nature of past events. This is particularly noticeable in his memory of him and his girlfriend who was attacked and her rape. In one of these shows we see a building that is bricked with bricks. This reflects the way Joe decays himself; the naivety he once carried fell from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in poverty, and barely able to eat; Joe realizes he can not stand out of his appearance that he's a rough chin in New York he was not imagining. His subconscious mirrors the way his real life radiates. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a mirror for Joe, but in the opposite way; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a handsome, strong man who is, for the most part, a good look. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first moment we saw sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say it's the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered with glittering sweat. Understand how the world works, that it is stolid, and sometimes no matter how much you try, you fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, in the same apartment even, but they understand things at a completely different level. The theme of the alienation that is common at this time is very noticeable in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso will fit into the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC, where he is still a very outsider. Ratso living in a cold NYC environment wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he will be able to find a good life. Although it is his ideal, in the fantasy we get from Ratso's perspective, it is obvious that he knows that he will never fit into society. In that fantasy, he is turned on by the people around him, he is again an outsider, alienated from society. It is not until the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe resorts to violence; he takes the mentality of this city to get money to fund Florida escape for himself and Ratso. We see on the way that Joe came out of a store that did not wear cowboy clothes that he never left in the rest of the movie. He's dressed up like someone who seems to be heading for a vacation to Florida. Ratso dresses the same way; to get into the new society they are entering, but that is fruitless. After the death of Rats in the bus, their fellow-men look like strangers again. Even in this new culture, they can not escape the alienations they have met at every step in this film. Despite the deaths of Ratso and Joe's continuous alienation, the movie ends with the hope that Joe can take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he should in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent movie that portrays the harsh reality of the company and the alienation of the stars as both Voight and Hoffman.
