"Midnight Cowboy" was never a great movie that could start, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic when the soundtrack starts his insistent dance song "Everybody's Talking" (actually not written for the film) and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We've already seen Jon Voight, but we've never really seen him, but when he tells us he's a "helluva stud" who doubts him? It was a great performance that had an iconic state of stars as well as a complete understanding of the character, and if Voight had never done anything else, his acting would still be legendary. Just as Voight is rarely disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham and cured, because his performance in this famous garbage "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure). The film became famous and infamous almost overnight. She was a joyous girl (even with her end), fun and sexy and recognizably "real"; (it was the end of the 1960s and all the characters were true). It was also the first film called "X", which won Oscar as the best picture of the year. Adjusted, Waldo Salt from James Leo Herli's novel was probably the first US mainstream movie to deal with taboo themes such as homosexuality and drug issues in fact. Everyone is recognizably human, wart, and everyone and they are treated sympathetically. Voight's Joe Buck is an innocent stranger, Candide, who comes to New York to look for his fortune as a violinist (a profession he considers to be charming and disrespectful, he is a cross between gigolo and social worker). But when he is despised by horror, the red-haired little horse called Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation) realizes that maybe something is a bit different from the -dream. <br /> <br /> Basically, it's a male love story (though completely platonic), between these two not so unlikely beds. Both completely lonely, both of which need to become the protectors of the other (Voight with his physical fitness, Hoffman with his learned scholar). It is a failure from the mainstream, tolerant of one's own peculiarities and branches of others. Although "direct" Voight is not over homosexual encounter in the 42nd Street Cinema with a guy who is even alone than himself. (The entire movie presents a strangely "Christian" attitude). <br /> <br /> It's also a great deal. While Voight and Hoffman are holding a screen all over the world, there are excellent vignettes from Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvie Miles as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as different customers and swings, beautifully defined studies of small characters who seem to be crossing while playing John Schlesinger gives the film a sense of both documentary and strange completely separate eyes on the American belly without any disappointment and no criticism. As for other thoughts, maybe it's a great movie.
