Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic does not always win over imagination. We all know that killers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to keep up the amount of pain they are doing and they still live to fight the next day. Most of us do not believe that the zombies are actually coming out of the dead to run people and eat their brains. And we hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old mansions, unjustified crimes will not be committed against them. This is where fantasy lies out of reality. Horror and most films generally require that we stop our distrust for a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I look at bouncing balls down the stairs at George C. Scott, or when I see the invisible force penetrating three amateur filmmakers in the Burketsville woods. But what I have a problem with (I do not want to come back) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. Realizing who's a killer would really be a huge spoiler, and that would take into account the fact that you're watching it yourself, but it's enough to say that I really enjoyed this movie after the final scene when the killer was revealed. There are too many events in the movie that mean the killer is who he is. But 90 minutes before this point is a well-done, exciting, blood-soaked film that focuses on panache and skill from John Hougg. If the film offered me another assassin, then I would want something. This may sound like a complete reason to discredit the movie, but believe me that someone who saw the movie is almost certain you agree with me. John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this small town of New England. Cordell is a recent widow, and it is not clear how his wife died. We see some flash scenes where a mysterious woman finds a mystery on the ground when a torrent storms (she can be assumed to be her wife). Her face is bloody and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what the story is, but it's the same. Kassevetes, to be mentioned, is the least strange. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems a little more than just parenting. There are several scenes that indicate incestuous possibilities. It never happens, but it seems to be omnipresent, but somewhere just below the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the film never cares about this element of relationship, but it makes you a little restless. Casevettes looks like a cross between porn star John Leslie and the great James Caman screen. He has a fraudulent smile and a lively, commanding voice that makes you sit and take note. But he also seems to be retreating during a business lunch in every scene. He has only that slim, dishonest, phlegmatic and restless way. He never seems to have believed this movie. I think that's the merit of the writers, the director and Cassevetes himself. There has always been something that has bothered me about his character since getting on. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a remarkable note because two people will love lovers in a local quarry. Nearby there is a nice old changing shed and as we see something or someone watching them. When a young man disappears briefly to get something out of the truck, the young woman goes into the hall just to play a joke. Once there, she is attacked. A young man runs into a shed to find her, and he is crushed by a slab and a nail. Hough fools us into a pay platform when a young man comes in. She looks desperate and cleanses the room and shows how a bleeding lover appears in the corner, then smack, the guy gets it. It's a very tense moment and the movie begins with the right notes. Also included in the tangled marriage story is a young man named Tim, who seems to have strange dreams of a womanless face who is tied to a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with murder, because every time a murder comes, he has another dream. Slip into a quiet and hazy grandmother, a pitiful reporter and a powerful but venal local sheriff, and you have all the ingredients you need to create imbroglio finds in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> More people are massacred, but most of the time men are defeated by extreme prejudice and women are being raped. This is my first weak (and cautious) attempt to tell you that this leaves me unconvinced. It just did not hit the right chord. Incubus is a well made film. It is tense, tense and even most of the performances are very well done. I was interested in the dreams that Tim had, and I wanted to find out the meaning of the story and ultimately the murder. But when you get through everything that's been good in the movie, you still have a targeted taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10 - It could be nine. Very bad.
