The only reason I knew about Midnight Cowboy was because it was at AFI Critic's Top 100. For the top 100 it's not a very famous movie; I had to really try to find a copy, I got the DVD version at about half the price. Surprisingly, it was only the M15 + rating (uncut version). I doubt many of them will be aware of this review (just like a commentary), so I'll shorten it. <br /> <br /> This is probably one of the strangest movies I've seen, partly due to the use of montages, artistic shooting (a very artistic house) and an unusual theme. There are many things in the movie that I still do not understand (I've seen it twice), and that's an emotionally confusing film. Filming and acting were very good, and that's bigger than the characters who remember the movie. The main character is Joe Buck, a "cowboy" from Texas, who moves to New York to become a male prostitute. He meets Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo, a crippled conqueror, and of course they become friends who go through the usual escapades. What makes the film interesting is that two characters are so different. I felt that the film really does not develop the relationship between Buck and Enrico Rizz so the viewers have a real emotional connection, though it is definitely quite sad and tragic. You probably already know what's going on by reading reviews, but it's obvious from the very beginning. Personally, I think the film will be beautifully and fascinatingly explored on its main themes. The loss of mankind (depicted by the darkness of the streets of the city, broken apartments). Most characters in the movie are out of the law (conman, giggolo.etc), but you can not help them. Joe Buck is cute because he is so naive and optimistic as we begin to feel sorry for Ratso later in the movie. I think the movie was rated so high because it was certainly very pioneering for the season. At that time (and even now) it was certainly not a typical film (quite a house of art). At a time when the cinema was dominated by tired westerns, musicals and dramas, a movie with such an unusual theme as Midnight Cowboy appears. At a personal level, I must say that I liked the film. The film represented a dream as a quality. I enjoyed a party scene, music, pictures, etc. They stay in your mind long after watching. However, as a movie for fun it was a bit lacking (not really my style of film) excitement. It's a movie that tastes and appreciates, rather than a cheap action flick. <br /> <br /> Even though I barely realized I was able to analyze this movie, the characters and their motives were quite interesting. From what I see from retrospectives, Joe Buck was sexually abused as a child by his grandmother, though it is still not relevant to the story. He is a happy young man who suppresses his darker memories. Cognitive connotations in the movie are also mysterious. Some have suggested homosexual links between Buck and Ratso, although I have not seen where they got the idea. The theme of homosexuality in general is more than touched in their conversation and later in meeting with Joe Buck with a lonely old man, but it has little to do with the main story. Certainly, from a technical point of view, he is one of the best films of the decade (he is more than seventy years old than he was before the 1960s), and revolutionary for his time, he touches on the subjects that some other films have dared. While it has a simple, sentimental story (hooded by a hard edge), the beauty of the film is in strange, often psychedelic sequences.
