I sat down to watch "Midnight Cowboy," and I thought it would be another overrated film of the 60s and 70s. Some of my favorite films date back to the 1970's in the same spirit as "Midnight Cowboy", "Mean Streets", "Panic in Needle Park", etc. But there are many that have gained a strong reputation among critics for being pioneers - unfortunately, the vast majority of them are not even today. I feel like "Easy Rider". (Although it's also one of my favorites.) So I did not expect much from "Midnight Cowboy" but I came back a lot. It's a moving story, well-worked and well-known with some of the best performances of all time. Dustin Hoffman, like Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, gives one of his best - it's a bit fun at times (it sounded like a cartoon when he talks - maybe because of Lenny's "Simpsons"), but Hoffman is absolutely convincing. Half of the budget of the film went to his pay as he became the main star in Hollywood. Against him, Jon Voight is second, Joe Buck, "a cowboy," who travels north to a large apple with the hope of becoming a male prostitute. Soon his naïve ways will bring him into trouble, and he will say good-bye to a crippled cheater named "Ratso" - who offers Joe to become a "manager" for a certain percentage of profits. The movie is quite long in two hours, but it never really seems too long. Some movies may tend to drag, especially some of the films that were made in the 1970s, because (as was said in "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls") filmmakers were movie stars in the 1970s and occasionally got a little too frantic with their material, goes too long to explore characters / scenes / etc. that are not important. The only scene I felt was a little too long and the drug side was futile - it makes the film look extremely obsolete (similar to the "Easy Rider") and really hurts its flow because it's not needed. /> <br /> Other than, 'Midnight Cowboy' is an almost flawless movie. I was pleasantly surprised. It has its own mistakes (the memories are a bit sticky and never used, just as they might be) and some scenes are a little restless (like a gay sequence), but if you master its content, "Midnight Cowboy" is really a great movie, uncompromising exploration of life on the streets in the late 1960s / early 1970s. It's a depressing film, yes, and according to today's standards it may seem a bit obsolete and heavy from the liberal view of "life is terrible, etc." ... but I still love and a particularly extreme touching end will stay with me for a long, long time. <br /> <br /> We are highly recommended. One of the best films of the seventies. (He was technically released at the end of 1969, but I still classified him as a 1970 film. He also won the Oscars Best Picture, which was the first - and only - film with a nominal value of X. [br / > <br /> 4.5 / 5
