If you ever have a chance to see that Sandra Bernhard lives personally, you'd better go with her. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the start of Everything Bad and Beautiful and I still can not believe I am in the first place, and I am lucky to have seen such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with a show and it coincides with the release of her pioneering stunning, "without you I am nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still here. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand looks at her head for a moment, but Sandra more than where Babs leaves. Well, I want to know, Mrs. Bernhard is a bit of these influential entertainers and more. I really wanted to print this film because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines decadence, joy, sadness, ascents and descent of the 70s and 80s. I think many comedians (and I think, many) have got up, well stolen, whether from this show, if not from Sandra herself. I will not name names, but come, people, you and I know who they are. You see, it is Bernhard is playing according to his own rules. This film shows, as well as her live performances, that she is an artist who remains faithful to an old school of show business as well as push forward. Its performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (at the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 television shows, intimate cabaret concerts, and concerts that all remind everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch Sandra's coming or going. So here I watched Sandra a year ago at the Silent Movie Theater, in full respect and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show and give her something that meant something to me, which would mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of giving it, it hurts and I just thank her in the prayer that made me laugh to think and make me feel. You can not deny this lady presence and you can not deny the talent that is just coming out of the stage. It's still here, damn, even after the release without you, I'm nothing, about 15 years ago. And by the way, it looks great. I know it firsthand, it goes out of the theater one member of the audience said to another: "It's so FUNNY ... and she still looks incredible !!! If you can not live it alive, look at this movie. you got me a lot, got me in a tough crazy time. If you can send me an email, please do it. If not, because you know you're still copying and it will continue to do it, just enough for me. , give up the lady !!!!
