"Pet Sematary" succeeds in two major situations. First, it's a terrifying horror movie. Those that are not being produced these days. Second, it's a total emotional, clever movie. So if you are looking for fever, fear, craze and visually stunning settings, great acting, dialongs and spooky effects; that's the movie you're looking for. The classic now and really must see for every fan of Horror. Probably the best adaptation to one of King's novels. The events have subdued somewhat compared to the novel, but that does not mean that this underrated film is not a complete horror / drama. <br /> <br /> Stephen King's novel is widely known for being very emotional and horrifying. The film captures the same feeling, mainly because there is a great character development and you can feel the loving relationship between its members. Then, when everything seems to be lucky (technically happy because the title "Pet Sematary" does not offer the attraction!) Tragic event changes the atmosphere of the film, now it becomes very dark. The movie has a terrible feeling of initial credits, but after Gage was killed, the movie becomes sad, gray, scary. Dealing with the loss of a child's son is something that can ruin the whole family life, and "Pet Sematary" proves it dramatically. <br /> <br /> The legend of a pet sematar is more than a myth that nobody wants to experience, but sadness and despair lead the emotionally destroyed father to give him a shot. Sadly, the legend becomes true, and the baby Gage returns from the dead. An earlier encounter with the pet seed legend has turned out to be a tragedy, but this is a lot worse this time. What will happen to the lives of the entire American family? Could that prevent this tragedy? What is it with unreal nightmares? <br /> <br /> Watch "Pet Sematary" to witness one of the most moving, emotional horror movies of recent times. You will not regret. The game is very good even though I did not kick the actor who portrayed his father. It seemed he did not like it when the situation touched his despair. But that's just my opinion. Denise Crosby actually delivered great performance and worked perfectly like a noble, gentle mother. The Baby Gage was also amazing in its spooky parts. * Shivers *. Overall, it's a great classic of all time and a disturbing film that touches the deepest fears of people ... losing someone you love, the dead are coming back to life and a sense of despair. Something is for sure ... I do not want to be buried in pet sematary!
