"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel by the same name. The story follows the Creeds - all of the American middle-class families who are in the house outside. The family consists of Louise and Rachel and their two young children, Ellie and their toddler, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old man, Jud, who lives across the road. He leads them one day to the old road to the woods where the pet cemetery is filled with a huge number of animal graves. And right behind him is the sacred burial site of the Indian, which seems strange. When a family cat, the Church, is killed, Louis considers it appropriate to bury him in the animal cemetery - and soon enough the church returns to life. But now there is something wrong with him, not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident loses the life of young Gage, Louis decides to use the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately he gets more than negotiated. <br /> <br /> After reading Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Do not say the movie is bad because it's not - the book is a bit better. The real strength in this film lies in his story, which is both bizarre and extremely original, something that King's stories are typically known for. The script is very well adapted to the story, and while in some aspects it differs in some aspects, it's a pretty good transformation between pages. There and there are a couple of hole holes, nothing more important. Besides, this film is really scary and it works successfully. There are some really worrying scenes throughout the movie, and I have to say that the sequence of Rachel's Sister Zelda is number one. Frankly, this is one of the most disgusting, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bloody and bloody, it's just bad. One thing is certain that the picture will not leave your head in the near future. <br /> <br /> The performance in this movie was very balanced and I really did not have a problem. This movie is actually on the bloody side, there are lots of uglier sequences that will please all naked, including the shocking end. I really liked how the film ended, it was violent and somewhat inconclusive, but it worked better as all things were considered. Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror film, I recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. The story is the greatest benefit of the movie and it's also scary. One of Stephen King's better adaptations, as I would say. 7/10.
