Creating a book in a movie according to a page-by-page story is NOT a good idea. When people read a book, they automatically start to create their "mental film" about what characters they look like, where they exist, how the situation progresses. And the opposite of each of the brain's eyes is different, so when finally "REAL" finally comes out, you'll always have an exposed segment of the audience who are disappointed that it just does not change that all screenwriters and director can hope it's what is their own vision of the film, and I hope it will be as close as possible to what their viewers expect. /> <br /> There is no better situation for this situation than movies based on Stephen King's novels. When the filmmakers capture at least the essence of their stories, the results can be breathtaking and really scary (CARRIE, SALEM'S LOT, THE DEAD ZONE), or they may be what the fans think of as a terrible mess (Kubrick's The SHINING, IT miniseries and TOMMYKNOCKERS). <br /> <br /> Although PET SEMATAR is not so close to perfect adaptation to the king, it has so many moments of deep, restless skin and bones that seemed to bleed directly from the book on the screen that you can largely forgive him shortcomings. Thank you (director Milla Lambert), who also directed the film SIESTA, not exactly such a horror movie, but another freak - it must be - to see you should be on your list. scenario in itself "Man-ster" and probably one of his better. <br /> <br /> Because most of you know the story, I will not let you with a lot of detail. Dr. Louis Creed (Dale Midkiff) moved his family to the perfect house in the country. Well, almost perfect, with the exception of two ugly little details: a dangerously busy stretch of interstate highway ahead and a big cemetery in the forest back. Because Louis is a vet and has a young son toddler ... well, even if you did not read a book, do math math. It's the King's story, after all, so there's no secret where it would go. <br /> <br /> This is not what he counts here, but the scary stops on the way. Some scenes that are so familiar to the book are brought to life in the throat and shout: Rachel Creed (Denisa Crosby of STAR TREK), a terrifying memory of her finally sick, crippled sister; Louis's encounter with the fatally wounded jogger Vicar Pascow (Brad Greenquist), both before and after his death; a trip to "another" cemetery for a pet cemetery. And the third thing ... if he does not give you a couple of nightmares, maybe you should check your pulse. Good performances by everyone here, especially late Fred Gwynn as a volunteer neighbor, Jud Crandall, who sums up the best story in the story: "Sometimes the dead are better." The only issue with the film version is the cast of the son of Louis, Gage (Miko Hughes). Since it would be damn impossible to get such performance that needs a boy who has reached the age of contract, Lambert and the crew are still doing the best that was possible and unfortunately Hughes was too damn at the time CUTE "sell" his intended a role as evil, a zombie possessed by a demon. This will take you out of the movie whenever they appear, though the scenes on which they appear are still masterfully organized (especially Gwynn's death). Besides, everything else is still as good as it gets. CARRIE still holds the title of the best adaptation to the king as far as I am concerned; but SEMATAR is in the top five. <br /> <br /> Still, something adapted to a book-based screen will be as awesome as reading a story? Not because of BLOODY ... for now.
