In the Pet Sematary trivia section, George Romero (director of two stories by Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was set to direct and pull. One wonders what it would bring to the film because director Mary Lambert, without really being a bad director, really does not bring so much imagination about this adaptation of King's novel, who wrote the screenplay. There are, of course, some very effective, grotesque surrealistic scenes (especially with sister Zeldou, probably more when children see the movie), and casting in some roles is dead - perfect. But something feels sometimes lacking, a style that could match the unmistakable atmosphere of the king, which is the same morbid in this case as you can without avoiding the incubation cannibals from the graves if you save it for your last novel ... ) As mentioned, some of the casting are amazing, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, a little boy who is leaving one of the most cute children on this horror movie of the 1980s that are a little monster (I say it as a compliment, of course, especially in scenarios that touch a particular scalpel). And there is also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of Munsters who plays this old, mysterious man with the right notes under-played and doom in tone. And applause goes to everyone who has looked at Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other mistakes in other casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not spectacular, because the conflicting, upsetting father of Creed and his daughter Ellie plays an actress who has not worked for me at all. <br /> <br /> When it comes to setting some cool sets, only a few really perform: a certain conspiracy-dense moment (not spoil, it includes cool Ramones song), and the first visit to pet sematary (bigger) including some mystical stimulus , which the king had in September. For the most part, it's very polished directing, though it may have been even darker to match the script. If the thought is expressed logically (though in King's concept), it is really one of its more effective work. But it does not add as much as it could or should have. Still, it's a cool little midnight movie.
