Louis Creed, a Chicago physician, moves into a big house near a small town because he will be teaching at the University of Maine. Along with him is his wife Rachel and her two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie the cat, the church. Soon they met a new neighbor and an old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louise and Rachel of the dangers of a motorway that runs around their house (it is a constant way used by large trucks), but also to show the family pet cemetery that is in their house. Judd begins to talk about the importance of a pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking to children about death and spirituality because she has a trauma from the death of Sister Zelda. During the first week of a family in a new home, Louis is already dead to cope with them: Victor Pascow, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, personally addresses Louis's dying words, even though these two men are alien. In the night following Pascow's death, Louis is experiencing what he considers to be a very vivid dream to meet Pascow who leads him to a domestic cemetery and warns Louis to "not go beyond no matter how much you think that you need ". Louis wakes up in bed the next morning and convinces it's just a dream to discover his legs and beds covered with dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he rejects the dream. It begins to do many special things and the Church, Ellie the cat, dies while driving on the highway. Louis remains concerned that Ellie will talk about the death of the church, but Judd judges Judge to take him to the pet cemetery, allegedly to bury the church. But instead of stopping, Jud leads Louis on a terrifying journey to the "real cemetery": an ancient burial site that once used Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis buries a cat on Judah's instruction, while Jud says that the buried animals have returned to life. And that's where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very well. It's not the worst of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever watched. The way the Gage died is almost impossible to stay in your memory, especially when it's a toddler. It is good to see Stephen King's stone as the funeral minister. Of course, there are some script errors: How can a rich doctor with two young children walk to live in a place where a motorway near his home is dangerous? How does Gage have no scratches or anything else when hit by a truck? Why was Louis still resurrecting every member of his family because he knew they would all stay like monsters? Such things do not make any sense, but I can understand that all horror scenarios need some unrealistic ideas on how to work. The good thing I saw in this film is the need to talk about death with children, no matter what your religion is or if you are an atheist, and that avoiding important items will not help. Because Louis is afraid to be honest with Ellie, confront her and say that her cat would not come back again, the whole nightmare began.
