Sandra Bernhardova without you I'm nothing, the movie that came out in 1990, followed on the stage of 1988's off-Broadway stage productions ... what she and others are calling her "smash-hit one female show." /> <br /> There have been some changes in monologue and one-time versions, and the film version visually recovers the story and takes Sandra out of a wonderful existence as a successful stage in New York during what she calls her "superstar summer," to the illusory, almost desperate existence back in her home in Los Angeles - her fictional film manager refers to the fact that Sandra back "into her roots to ... upscale dinner clubs such as the Paris Room." <br /> <br /> There is a point , which is to be done here. Sandra is trying to appeal to her liberal worldview and sometimes hard criticism of American pop culture to an audience that does not quite see her. In LA he plays with a predominantly black audience and tries to combine his thoughts when all these people seem to want is "Shashonna," a stripper of Madonna looking similar. And even when Shashonna is dancing on drum beats that resemble those of "Like a Panna," there's not much to say that the audience will enjoy the show. Scene in a club in the whole movie is a dryer than a bone. The funny scene you're about is from a culture that helps Shashon help. <br /> <br /> But when it comes, Sandra is in style and strength, vulnerability ... until he is naked (literally), asks for admission and still somehow floats in the pool of his own translucent star. Her ideas of interactions with Calvin Klein, Jerry Lewis, Bianco Jagger, Ralph Lauren, and (we believe it is) Warren Beatty are fictional and merry. Sandra begins her show, her most difficult moment, performing a quiet but mysterious song "Nina Simone's Four Wives" while dressed in Mufti and other African clothing, singing "my skin is black," "my hair is wool," and " they call me Sweet Thing. "He revives and celebrates the spirit of the underworld art in the incredibly funny description of the autistic auction for Andy Warhol:" Let Andy have your wisdom and sensitivity in the hour and the hours of work and work that went into the Indian product ..., "It explains the excessive nature of Hollywood, comforts the disturbed friend and then reminds him and says," Sir, as far as Ishtar is concerned, I am getting up right now and going out of your life forever because it's too self-serving for me! "<br /> <br /> Sandra illustrates the expectations of women in the age of feminism. Dressed as Cosmo's girl, Sandra tells her young fantasy to do to become executive secretary and take her boss. She finally ended with a sigh of relief: "I will never become a statistician, not me, I am under 35 and I will be married!" Sandra highlights the opening of sexuality in society: "If she touches you at night, does she feel she is alright or does she feel really? I say it's real ... MIGHTY real." In the end, she calls the progressive American company to change, by directing Disco Greats Patrick Cowley and Sylvester, and says: "Eventually everyone will be fun!" All of this comes in the form of brilliant, schmaltz but gorgeous Cabaret performances of songs written by Billy Paul, Burt Bacharach, Hank Williams and Laura Nyro. At the same time, the idealized, fictitious incarnation of Sandra - her self-generated mirror image, a beautiful black model with flowing dresses and tight bustiers that read Kabbalah, studying chemistry and listening to NWA rap music - spreads out around town. <br /> <br /> Without you I'm nothing, Sandra Bernhard examines the emotions and existence that she has just played with a regular guest in Late Night With David Letterman. Her almost childish shock enthusiasm exposed in the 1980s is revealed in the face of a gentler attraction and her confidence in the face of materialism and American celebrity is proven. This approach to comedy will change the direction of Sandra forever and mark the mature and entertaining entertainer who comes. If you like subtle humor, but you will be dealing with inner jokes about glamor, celebrity, sex, loneliness, despair, and shallow expressions of love and affinity, this film will keep you in stitches. He does not have to be funny overboard. Perhaps it is a bit disturbing or even unclear for somebody. But consider the emptiness of the world that Sandra is painting for you and you will understand how funny and brilliant it really is. But to see without you, I'm nothing with a friend "knowing it" because it's so much fun. Before you know, both of you will be trading Sandra barbs and spoiling the hell out of everyone else.
