The title has many meanings - a boxing ring where differences and indignation are resolved, a wedding ring where Mabel feels trapped and Jack feels that his troubles will be over and the cause of trouble, the ring bracelet that Bill gives to Mabel as a symbol of love. <br /> <br /> The former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, got his start in Alfred Hitchcock's The Ring. Very young Ian Hunter, who continued his long career in films, plays Bob Corby, who caught a glimpse of the pretty girl Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at the fun fair. It happens to be involved in a "one-round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson), but it does not stop her flirting with Bob. Bob is convinced he'll be "one round" with Jack. He walks a few rounds and wins - he's a professional boxer and he and his manager came to the fair to see if Jack is such a good fighter they heard. He will offer Jack and Jack to go along with his crazy coach (great Gordon Harker) to his fortune with plans to marry Mabel when he does. Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel tomorrow, but the deep attraction he feels with Bob is still there. Jack is a suspect and everything is included in the training to fight for his wife. <br /> <br /> Finally a boxing movie where the hero does not come out of the tracks - Bob behaves and does everything he can be a champion - if Mabel acted the same way! She left him for Bob - and the struggle at the end is powerful. It's very realistic - it takes up the last 20 minutes of the movie. From being raw and excited, Jack is almost eliminated - then among the logs, again with Mabel, he gives him the courage to triumph. The question is, why would she even want to return her-from the beginning she thought she did not start talking to Bob-why would not she do it again? The film is full of symbolism. Jack shook his hand with the promoter, changed Mabel's hands, and received a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts a ring on Mabel's finger, Bobs slides his arm around his arm. In the end, Jack sees Mabel's reflection in a bucket with a circular water flow, and that makes him sure he will continue. This is a great movie that will not disappoint you. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
