Sometimes I am exhausted from reading reviews of some of the lesser-known Hitchcock films because almost everybody starts with someone who says this movie is grossly overlooked or it's a hidden Hitchcock jewel or real Hitchcock big or some other general if only - So, as they say, I just want to say that if - only - people - will - watch - they - they would - have seen - that - it - is - great - hitchcock - movie - just - - many - like - vertigo - north - by - northwest - psycho - The Ring is no part of fantasy even in the same league as any of those films mentioned twice, but compared to other films made by Hitchcock in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I really think tha t Ring is one of the best photographed and presented films mostly of all. As an almost new director there are some amazing dreams and brilliant cuts that show why Hitchcock has brought so much attention early in his career. The film, which starts, among other things, a very disturbing sight of the idiot of the black circus artist (and I use the idiot in the definitive way Stephen King so often does) have eggs and fruit throwing him the crowd with the most fanciful white-looking people. I suppose it only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were then, but I think it's one of the most off-putting sequences in every Hitchcock movie I've seen. The main attraction for the circus is a warrior who claims to be able to knock one man into one round, but when he meets his fight, it is against a man who attacks his authority not only in the boxing circle but also in the ring around his wife's ring . It starts with a funny, if not a very tense, challenge for the love of one woman who seems to reflect from one person to another easily and thoughtlessly. <br /> <br /> There are, for example, a scene where her husband watches her from the top when he is at home late at night and is back to the car to kiss before entering the building. This kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that even if it turns out she is faithful to her husband, or at least he finally chooses him, she looks into her eyes but does not really come close. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> The film is definitely beautifully photographed, even more than a few films made by Hitch in the years to come. There is also a performance by Gordon Harker as the One Round Jack coach, who reminds me of the brilliant Buster Keaton in his stone face of expressionism. Hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous, but it's a great sample of his early work.
