The ring was made from a single script written by Hitchcock himself and deals with, like many of his first films, a triangle of love. At first glance, it looks like a cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's comic book about infidelity, but more than it is the first truly competent Hitchcock's film. Even if he did not use the ideas and motifs of exciting thrillers, he developed at least tools to create tension. Besides being a student of German Expressionist style, the rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein influenced Hitchcock. But it keeps pace here not only with edits but with image content. This is evident from the initial shots where the tremendous pace passes through the spinning of pavilions. And just like Eisenstein, it seems that the editing style suggests sound? for example, when a flash of second bell breaks, almost subconsciously we hear the sound because the picture is so sharp. There is also a contrast, especially with silent films from the US, in that the ring is not crowded with too many home cards. As much as possible, images are transferred and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to read on the right side, or at least to deduce the meaning of most of the character's speech. And this is not done by fiction or overcoming, it's all done by getting the right angles and the right timing, especially with threats from the point of view, as well as some powerful but subtle performances. There are, unfortunately, not too obvious expressionist means (especially double exposure), many of which were not necessary, but much less than in Lodz. for the above actors. First, stunning handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role. In spite of his talent, I was a little confused initially, why he got a role to be honest, he looked more like a ballerina than a pugilist! But it only shows how much I know because it turned out that Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing your opponent is the competent Ian Hunter, who will have a long career in supporting roles until the 1960s. The most demanding role in a circle must be what was given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. It pulls it very well, however, with emotional, undervalued performance, and it is a shame that her career never lasts in the sound age. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker provides some comic relief in what is probably his best role. <br /> <br /> The key fight scene of the Ring is one of the most remarkable moments of the silent Hitchcock era. Martin Scorcese could have eyes on the ring as he directed the fight scenes in Raging Bull because his password for these scenes was "to stay inside the ring". Fighting in a circle begins with relatively long long shots, but when the action intensifies Hitchcock, it drops us right in the middle, with detailed shots and threats. Hitchcock's goal always seems to have involved his audience, and it was important in his later career, where the secret of his success was often in immersing the viewer into a figure of fear or paranoia. <br /> <br /> The ring really deserves more recognition than the lower but better known The Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional work than an earlier picture and probably the best of all its quiet features.
