/ * mild spoilers * / <br /> <br /> The return journey before the Evangelion was created before Hideaki Anno was idol and home name for many anime fans and before Gainax achieved fanfavorite status was made Gunbuster. With the only Wings of Honneamis at the time of Gainax and the famous Otakon shorts or course, Gunbuster had some hard steps to follow. It was not easier for him to choose the genre that has been done many times, a space opera. Fortunately, Gainax decided to interpret it as a six-part OAV (right on the video). This allows the series to have a larger range than would be possible if it was made into a movie. This also prevents it from becoming too boring and too long, with lots of absurd battles and fills along the way. In addition, they have made some effort to stay clear of the tested space operative mechanics used in Macross or Gundam and many other popular space operas. One of them starts to be relatively light and Noriko Okinawa's high school for mechapilotation. Noriko is the daughter of a renowned commander of the ship who died in the battle when she was still small. This makes her life in the academy quite difficult, because some of her classmates will start to suspect that Noriko is preferred by professors. The first episode is a comedy drama that focuses on the characters and the school environment. Things change rapidly when the threat of an alien invasion is announced, and Noriko and Kazumi (the best girl in the classroom) are selected to help the assembled fleet out. The central part of the Gunbuster leaves our female leadership area, focusing on personal drama and action. More characters are introduced and some parts of Noriko's past are dragged again. Besides, the extraterrestrial threat becomes closer every minute, and Gunbuster, the last human hope, will be introduced. As intelligent as the writer Okada, he was incorporating the principles of time dilatation to make something a bit spicy. In short, time is slower for those traveling at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of a war that lasts nearly a hundred years. Also a dramatic aspect is emphasized when Noriko sees her friends again when returning to the base who have grown far more than she. Science may not be perfect, but it is presented in a fairly believable way, even among some science theater shorts of SD between episodes, where Noriko, Kazumi and their trainer give a brief description of the scientific principles used in the series. /> <br /> Animation for the 80's is definitely good. The designs are of course retro 80s, but it has a spell. The animation is smooth enough and the character patterns are nice, though the costumes betray, some of the fanfare fascinations of Gainax will later be exhausted. Mechas throughout the concert are also very cool, with Gunbuster as the ultimate killing machine, powerful and huge. The last episode was completely black and white. While it is generally believed (but not confirmed) that it was done for budget reasons, it sells a completely different atmosphere to a series that is perfectly suited for the second part. Music is a very typical area of ​​the Opera Fair. Too bombastic in places, very generic and definitely not worth buying. It is mostly suited to the series, but occasionally it can become annoying. Tanaka is not really a famous composer, and the only dramatic series he has worked on is Dragon Half. If you think the 80s anime music, you will know what you can expect. As the series progresses, the focus slowly shifts from drama to space opera to epic battle, but such a viewer barely notices this. Step by step, dramas will be weakened and battles will have the first line. However, none of the aspects are ever completely omitted. With the latest episode in sight, Noriko and the crew are fighting for the further existence of the human species, and with the last duel that is in sight, the audience is asked questions about the status of the human race in the galaxy and how far it can go to guarantee self-preservation. While they are not yet answered, they still bring interesting food. The last episode is very epic, with a pretty but quite predictable end, although not all ends should of course have a number of extraordinary twists. Again it fits in series. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Gunbuster may initially sound like your average surround opera anime, with invasions, huge battles and some personal drama, and for the most part it is. But it is exceptionally good for change. Instead of making Gunbuster a lasting mix of former elements, six long episodes, it is a change from a tiny drama to a spectacular epic hero. On the way, we encounter various interesting and well-developed characters that interact strongly with each other due to the phenomenon of time dilation. The show is very tightly written, although it tends to slip on some points. Extremely dramatic events and too raw mosquito attacks have been easily ruled out. Overall, the trip you have taken is very relaxed, sometimes sad, sometimes heroic. Maybe it did not destroy the boundaries and boundaries of the space opera genre, but at least it was a bit bent. Very nice anime classic, but not without defects. <br /> <br /> *** / *****
