This is my second time for the Perfect Spy. I saw it 2 or 3 years ago and I liked it. I still like it. It's natural to be compared with the bee's other big series Le Carre, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Tinker Tailor focuses on gaming spy games; Perfect Spy gives us a second axis - which person is espionage. There are a number of themes that these films share with others in the genre. Uncertainty - moral, sexual, interpersonal - that creates a multidimensional space of true vs. fake, inside and outside, love vs. responsibility. In this way, these characters are the happiest when they are best treated with the ones they love and respect - "resting" with different nuances. The theme of fathers and fathers is also important. One of the most interesting characters in Perfect Spy is Rick, the main character of Magnus' hopefully ersatz his father. The whole story betrays and is betrayed. The unfortunate man, who always manages to climb back on the ladder when he detonates them, which seems impenetrable for what others think, asks Magnus every time they meet: "Do you love your old man?" and never, "Do you love me?" Maybe it says somewhere else, but Perfect Spy is a love story. Another topic is malignancy. The nature of the business is to turn others - turn them against their government, against their friends and colleagues, turn them against their values ​​and beliefs. In each of Le Carra's films, I saw that the Spy, who came from the Cold War, was looking for a glass of war, a soldier of a skilled soldier, Smiley's man, and a perfect spy, turns and turns the foundation of this tragedy. <br /> <br /> Finally, it's not as much a theme as an artistic touch - in each of these films there's usually only one shot from a rifle, or maybe two footage of the story. Violence, torture, cruelty are always under the surface. We see their results not like blood streams or thick prison cells, but in the objects that Le Carre holds because they are inevitably sucked into the morass. If you have not seen the movies above and you are enjoying the Perfect Spy, you are on favors. I would also recommend the Sandbagger series (Yorkshire TV), whose second and third seasons have started to get to the level of this complexity. The IPCRESS ensemble and funeral in Berlin are nice, though light. For political intrigue, try the Great British Empire, House of Cards and Yes, Minister / Yes, Prime Minister. <br /> <br /> If only Brit would put his hand on producing the Three Kingdoms - it would be a movie with intrigue and complexity.
