As a fan of John Le Carra, I slowly worked on my books and edits. I found in 1987 the adaptation of lector le Carra in my local library and sat down to realize that I would know what to expect. I was surprised to find that my moments were surprised by my expectations, a great cross between the spy thriller and the human race. Peter Egan gives great performance when Magnus Pym, the perfect spy title. With a long tradition of le Carra's strong leadership, Pym is perhaps the best. Egan plays Pym (which in fact contains many shades of the author le Carra) as a man forced to spend his entire life lying and sometimes betraying circumstances and other times just to survive with the consequence of becoming a "perfect spy". Egan plays Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not from the others, then apart. Egan himself doing six hours of such a miniseries worth seeing from his performance alone. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic support cast. Ray McAnally gives one of his best performances as Pym's father, Rick, who, as Le Carre says, is heavily based on his own father. McAnally plays a man who comes and goes out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for making Pym a "perfect spy". In fact, if it was not for McAnally's performance one year later in a Great British buyer, then it would be best to perform his unfortunately too short career. The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother Alan Howard as his spy advisor Rüdiger Weigang, when the young Pym's friend changed to Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the supportive cast is fantastic. Special mention should be made of three young actors who played younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who founded a young man who would become a man who played so well Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​of miniseries are also strong. Because miniseries adaptation Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley people have proved that these stories can only be solved in the format miniseries. Location is excellent from English places to those scattered all over Eastern Europe and the US, as well as Chris Edwards. Cinematography Elmer Cossey adds to the world of miniseries another layer of realism. Highlighting miniseries is really a script. Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft tackled the work of adapting six hundred such a great novel. The novel was predominantly (at least in its early parts) autobiographical in that Pym's early life reflected John L Carra's life. The script for this miniseries is no exception as it tracks the development of Magnus Pym from a young boy to a "perfect spy". Never the miniseries ever deviate from their purpose of telling a good human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If anyone wants to prove that the spy thriller can be tense and fascinating, without being a single weapon fight, fist fight or James Bond, it will be proof. While the miniseries are six plus hours long it will never lose moment, and it is even better. <br /> <br /> Though it can be extended for some for those who do not have a very short attention extends here they have to see. From Peter Egan's and Raya McAnally's performance to gentle production values ​​and the excellent literary script, Perfect Spy is one of the best miniseries they can expect. It's a fascinating trip to the history of the Cold War, yet it's more. It is also a trip that John le Carre called "a secret way": the journey of a spy to a man who must lie and betray himself to survive. As well as human drama as the spy thriller A Perfect Spy can not be missed.
