A year after the loss of beautiful Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to love Tarzan, Hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle to win another bang for the brunette heart. The commerce of pleasure is also about to grab the ivory from the cemetery of the Sun, which lies outside the Mutiane slope, the Tarzan Stomping Plateau. Accompanied by his mucky, feminine friend Martin Arlington and a group of consumers, Harry finally arrives at the destination (with a close avoidance of death in the hands of wild natives and monkeys) just to find that Jane is still outraged by his muscular iodine and even worse that Tarzan refuses to let the hunter Take any ivory from the cemetery. Nasty Arlington decides to solve the matter by returning and shooting people, and then Jane and Holt will report that Tarzan was attacked and one crocodile. Of course, Tarzan is not dead - just wounded; (Cheetah!) Will return to action just in time to save John from the tribe of evil lying savages who attacked Holt's expedition. <br /> <br /> Tarzan and his mother, the second film to the star of Weismuller as the jungle of men a few words, are often cited by fans as the best of the series; although I rather prefer the original, I can definitely understand the popularity of the movie: it's damn sexy and there are some great action sequences! The undeniable chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to some pretty-looking scenes, and the two stars that wear ubiquitous clothing throughout the ceremony are the eye candy excellent for viewers of both sexes they can enjoy (O'Sullivan's underwater naked scene , which is actually done by a double body, the beautiful girl still shows plenty of skin, even threatening to make "Sharon Stone" at one point when her cloth slice slamming on one side!) <br /> <br /> The most exciting moments of the movie come in the form of a wonderful underwater battle between Tarzan and a crocodile, and a spectacular finale where Jane attacks lions and natives but is rescued by her boyfriend, monkey buddies and a bunch of elephants in full lion crushing (again, violence is surprisingly sometimes angry, , it's not as shocking as the ominous pygmy and their first gorilla his film). Cheetah also has its relative excitement, runaway rhinoceros, crocodiles and big cats, rides Tarzan's stern as he crosses the river and even jumps to the ostrich to ride. Like the predecessor, Tarzan and his buddy suffer from some bad influences and unconvincing props, inconspicuous design, some ridiculous monkey suits, more Indian elephants masked like their African cousins ​​and poorly covered trapeze swings, but that should not spoil your enjoyment of this very entertaining movie . If nothing, they make it even more fun! <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, rounded up to 9 for IMDb.
