Tarzan and his friend (1934) was the only Tarzan movie I did not see when I was a child. It sounded boring. I saw it now. I saw people from monkeys (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy on my ride. It's a remarkable movie. It's almost flawless. Tarzan and his friend (1934), however, were in vain. It is not harmonious and its parts tend to live there. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great. Big Budget Dear. Tarzan himself plays together. Jane controls. She grew up and became a girl in the jungle, so sexy I tend to forget about criticism and rather to praise her. Good. She let her scare her with a jar that kissed her steel and later killed an elephant. He insists that Tarzan carry the bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. The thing would split into pieces when he went about his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone finds him in the river. Well, he has to prove that Tarzan is dead. A few cheap dramas. Steps with obvious interest in dead Tarzan persuade Jane to be gone. They take their words for granted and want to be removed (to England). The stupid Jane obviously forgot how tough Tarzan is, how difficult it is to kill them. The caravan leaves and Jane goes. Again rising. She could easily leave the caravan for several hours and longer, pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and the dead husband. She could be clever. She could dive where they found a floating bracelet, check the banks for the traces. In 15 seconds he can burn and Liana swing. Raising tracks should not be too harsh for Jane Jungle. She could talk to apes and so on. If she comes home to England without doing it, she will be strangled. Jane is a smart, but inexpensive drama brings her down. And why she leaves the kiss that the rapist released, "I blame myself just like you". A punishment for being a warrior? Nonsense. The fight, the hard blow and Tarzan's narration would be appropriate. Still. This film is not bad, even though the pots are many and sometimes deep. Just rest and enjoy yourself. It's Tarzan and Jane for God.
