I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored edition) and I never had to watch. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his mother," due to the complete (almost complete) step of Maureen O'Sullivan and occasional flashes of the genital area beneath the leather flap hanging in the front. Before someone claims that A - It was not really him or B - It was not as it sounds, let me tell you I've been watching so much time in high zoom and believe me ... it's A and is completely naked under the costume ... Several times, especially when lion attacks at the end, careful browsing in slow motion and maximum zoom show that she was shaved, except for a small margin of dark hair ... It's no mistake at all. As for the swimming scene, it's a double body in a leather suit, yes, it's double, but they DO NOT WANT some "leather" suit or something else ... Again, slow motion and maximum zoom show everything to those who want to see it. Now that the controversy out of the way, let's move on to the real movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and written firmly ... The action sequences were simply great, although it is apparently a stuntman riding a rhinoceros, Weissmuller really struggles with a big male lever ... The use of background shots, which were the second unit from Africa, is very well mixed with studios and American sites, so it's sometimes hard to tell what it is. You do not have to complain too much, remember that 90% of ALL movies are fake, so just relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big bowl of popcorn, cold beer and fresh smoke ... sexy and willing girlfriend is not out of line either. .. lol. Oh ... One last word about nakedness ... at the very beginning, while white hunters talk about dialogue, keep your eyes in the background extras ... there are some good shots of African girls (of course shot on the spot) behind them. One more thing, the film is not racist from the 1930s to the 1960s ... that's the way the thoughts and images of colorful people were at that time. The shaft was not thought at the time, nor did the audience accept any other images at that time in history. Safaris actually used the natives who wore their luggage ... and Tiny's figure died with a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and Jana. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry liked indigenous Americans, and did not conceal people in their western countries as genuine human beings that Hollywood began to see was ok.
