It is hard to believe, but this film has been condemned as immoral by more preachers than any other film produced before the blues Hayes Code. Yes, the priests actually told their flocks that everyone who went to see this film had caused a fatal sin. I'm not doing it. They had several reasons: <br /> <br /> Item: Jane likes sex. She and Tarzan wake up one morning in the shelter of the trees. She stretches sensibly, and with a flirtatious expression she says, "Tarzan, you're a bad kid!" So they not only have sex, they have shy sex! A few years later, according to Hays code, people (especially women) should not be labeled for sex. Character: Jane favors the ruthless, wise and inventive, wild (Tarzan) to the civilized, respected nine to five (Holt) men. When Holt picks her up with nice London dresses, she wakes up a little; when Holt tries to kill Tarzan and Holt and Jane both believe he's dead, he waves a lot. But when she realizes that her husband is very alive, she is attracted by civilization. And why not? Tarzan's and Jane's relationship is egalitarian: he lacks a "civilized" uncertainty that would force him to assert himself as "the head of his wife." Many other "civilized" hangings, such as jealousy, are missing. When Holt and his friend arrive, Tarzan is warmly greeted and knows that Holt is the old flame of Jane. When Holt gets her doll dressed in London and slowly dancing to the portable phonograph, Tarzan falls out of the tree and pulls the knife out. Jealous? No way. He's just cautious about a strange music machine because he has never seen before. Once it is explained, it's fine. Item: Civilized Holt is dirty. Savage Tarzan is innocently sexy. As Jane slips into Holt's lamplit tent, Holt follows her silhouette when she turns into fancy dresses. On the other hand, after Tarzan hastily pulls off his clothes, kicks her into a swim and then submerges, followed by the most beautiful erotic nude scene in every cinema: a couple spends five minutes in a beautiful water ballet. filmed in three versions - dressed, naked and naked - the scene was cut off before the movie was released, but the recorded version is restored in the video now available.) And when Jane appears and the Cheetah chimp steals his dress just for Jane makes it clear that her irritation is caused by the proximity of "civilized" men and their hanging. Where is the "universal prurience" so dear to the heart of seminarians? There is no place anywhere. Another reason they hung up, considered this film to be sinful. <br /> <br /> Item: The idea that man is a crown of creatures and animals are here only for the use and comfort of a person suffers from a heavy bit. Holt and his friend want to be led to the "Elephant Cemetery" to pick up the ivory and take her home. They want Tarzan to lead them to the cemetery. You, the reader, are thinking "Fat chance!" and you are right. He is shocked. He screams "The elephants are asleep!" explaining everything to him. Jane explains Tarzan's feelings that both "gentlemen" find ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Item: Jane, an ex-civilized woman, is much more resourceful than the two civilized men she accompanies. Holt and a friend throw it away and find themselves besieging enemy tribes and wild animals. It's Jane who keeps her cool. While the boys panic, she takes over, orders orders and drops the rifles. Item: Jane's costume is a kind of poncho with nothing under it. (The original idea was to be topless, with artwork that prevents her nipples, which actually happens in one short scene.) Finally, she complained about a few people from the fabric because the film was "Tarzan and his mother" rather than " Tarzan and his wife ". No comments! <br /> <br /> Of course, Tarzan, who was treated to his supporters by a health fan, comes to rescue, white hunters go off and causes elephants and African carriers to return the ivory to steal the sacred place they came from. End. <br /> <br /> Then you have it there. A completely subversive film. Like all the other films about intricate and interesting women (see, for example, Possession with Rita Hayworth and Raymond Massey), which represented such a flowing genre at the beginning of the 1930s, and which were adopted with such a deep end by adopting the Hays Code. <br /> <br /> Joie de Vivre of this film is best expressed by Jane's soprano version of the famous Tarzan. A nice touch that was unfortunately abandoned in future productions. We hear it about artistic freedom, feminist Jane and sex.
