This beautifully guided fantasy is the second in the popular defunct Tarzan series released by MGM. It's a first class adventure for many reasons. I suggest - fine photographs, strong imaginative features, exquisite cast, good simulated jungle and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic unprocessed species unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs' creatures; but he is sincere, faithful, brave, and very courageous and must be in this narrative. Like Jane Parker, his wife, who was in Jane Porter's novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as athletic, where the screenplay demands this quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and smart sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure shot on the MGM back-lot that really works. Fabulous Mutir Escarpment is a remote environment that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but to their idyll come the people who are looking for them, the ambassadors of civilization that Jane left, and in which Tarzan could not really be content. One of them is Harry Holt, who is still in love, and tries to bring her back to civilization with her boyfriend; dresses and perfumes are of interest to her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect her from a few wild animals in scenes that look like a humanized King King. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees that Jane is due to a little big game hunting; but at some point the idea of ​​ivory and the gain of happiness will change the ideas of the expedition to the head. Tarzan is shot dead, dead; and the group forced John to accompany them on an expedition when they followed the dying elephant to the fabulous "Ionic Cemetery." But they find a field guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rode on the elephant, which he revived in time to call; in the most spectacular scene filled with an elephant, Jane will save her and the rest of the expedition that returns home a little richer but much wiser as Jane continues her wild idylle with her new husband. The film was directed by writer Cedric Gibbons and quite beautifully. His work and lighting are the great achievements of this entertaining and exciting film that can really look despite all of his Hollywood flaws from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before it turns out to be totally bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry are very professionally engaged in small occupations. An unusual and well-executed fantasy film with interesting situations and strong dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
