"Tarzan and His Mate," the second of Tarzan's MGM pictures, will rise one year after the events of the "Tarzan of the Human Monkey". Tarzan and Jane happily live in the jungle and Harry Holt returns, this time accompanied by less than the respectable Martin Arlington, on an ivory journey from an elephant cemetery. Of course, a number of dangerous and exciting adventures are happening on the road. The first film romantised everything - jungle, adventure, romance, wild animals and even death. The second film still has a lot of romanticism and a lot of amazing action sequences, but a more serious tone is the basis for the action. The characters dare ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was alone in the middle of the jungle, and she had to take care of herself? While these are probably questions that real people ask about this situation, it creates a degree of darkness that is not always as fun as the original attitude. <br /> <br /> One of the most appealing aspects of this movie is the growth we see in the relationship between Tarzan and Jan. Tarzan still speaks very maliciously in English, but has clearly learned a few new words from his buddy. In addition, their love has really blossomed and we feel as if they actually spent a year in the jungle. Most people consider "Tarzan and his Mathematician" as superior to the original "Tarzan of the Human Monkey". Personally, I liked the first movie only slightly better. The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holton and Martin Arlington team is not nearly as enjoyable as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington could work as a great movie villain, but he plays a hero for too much film. The film can never decide whether we like or hate it. (I also do not want to give anything, but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate it, Jane will never know about these events, so the end is not as satisfying as it might be.) All these criminals are fairly insignificant, and it's still great movie. Like the first movie, "Tarzan and His Mate" has amazing action scenes, gorgeous wild shots, and one of the screen's best magazines. If you liked the first movie in the series, it's definitely a sequel.
