This was the second of a series of 6 "classic Tarzan" films featuring Johnny Weismuller in the lead role and Maureen O'Sullivan as Jane. As usual, it was a wonderful film in this series; and may appear as "in the meantime" a film in progress that could almost illustrate the development of cinema from the early 1930s to the 1940s. As such, she showed a good pace, though not as good as the following films. Similarly, cinematography in this series is less successful than Tarzan's later films. The actions I saw were of poor quality, they contained some grainy scenery and some underestimated and overexposed scenes. The fragile display of later Tarzan films is missing here. On the other hand, there is a very scenic scene in which the deep movements of the camera with the leaves behind it, the camera leaning and the safari men showing up in front of the jungle were in their style and stand in stark contrast to the stationary shots, which make up the rest of the film. As for the plot, one interesting feature here was Jane's permanence and nonconflicty when she was the subject of Martin's flirtation. Kiss? and Jane is an overwhelming and partly guilty reaction? something that we see in the future and in these films. Compare with Tarzan, for example, to find a son! Jane's duplicate action cheats on Tarzan and delivers Baby to his family. Later, he admits to Tarzan that he is wrong. There is nothing so clear here, but Jane "returns" to Jane Parker from ancient times, and in an almost rebuked series of events, she gets rid of evening dresses brought by Martin and Harry to take her away from Tarzan. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> There was a whole series of performances and sequences that particularly affected me in this regard. <br /> <br /> First of all, the image we get from Tarzan's home life is here, a combination of sensual idyll with the constant possibility of violent death. This is the very core of Tarzan's experience for me. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by some relatively violent scenes and today's standards. There were many scenes that gave me a special delight: Tarzan led the elephants into the valley of the Ionic funeral; Tarzan was rescued from the water death of the hippo, and then the monkeys cared for health; Cheetah finds Tarzan when Jane and the other men are trapped at the foot of the cliff; Especially the cheetah crosses the river on the wood. The last battle scenes of savages and lions on the ground and savages and monkeys on trees. Jane, who shows us that he is truly a Tarzanian world, and quickly displays his business trees to create a series of fires to save lions. The final series of scenes is gorgeous: Tarzan suddenly is on stage, throw wildly out of the trees and pick up levy and call elephants to save! This final cry of Tarzan in triumph, holding Jane's happy hand with a dancing and delighted cheetah next to them, is a memorable picture and a really fine summary of the story of Tarzan and Jane. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's another wonderful classic Tarzan movie. I recommend this film to everyone.
