The release of TARZANA APE MAN, in 1932, caused a feeling. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had much the same impact as MATRIX, or THE RINGER'S FRIEND reached at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the "noble wilderness" that every woman imagined and everyone wished he could be. The only person in the situation was unhappy was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, when he agreed with MGM's creative freedoms and enjoyed his great controls, felt that his character was "perverse" (no plans, growth) was unfaithful to his vision (he would set up a production company, and soon will make his own 'Tarzan' films). MGM, who realized the value of her newest star, knew that the sequel would have to be even more magnificent than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE delivered! The film had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, the legendary artistic director of MGM, has gone from studying to the sequel to the release of TARZANA APE MAN, despite the fact that he NEVER focused on (the studio did not expect the impact of the film and did not think the newcomer would be " news "matter ... and they wanted their Oscar winning boss to be happy. Gibbons, a talented and imaginative visual artist, loved pre-Code Hollywood's freedom and decided that TARZAN AND MATE "would move the envelope" on the border ... Tarzan and Jane would have fun naked and Jane would appear TOPLESS over most of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before his death in 1998 that while doubled for bathing, she believed the studio and "a few days" of the movie sans top ... but it was too much of a headache trying to strategically place the plants and the fruit to block her nipples and the idea was abandoned (the film that was filmed in those days would cost her!) She made a tent scene with a bored silhouette, the conclusion of her "swimming" and dressed in a revised "jungle" costume, which was extraordinarily provocative, very thin and open to the sides ... and the resulting scream would help "create" the Hays Office and self-censorship that would soon absorb the entire industry. MGM pulled Gibbons out of production ("official" reason was his workload as artistic director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as a new director, calming critics ... though James C. McKay actually film director, like Conway was busy for 3 more projects, VIVA VILA! <br /> <br /> The film included the best elements of the original (safari, murderous tribes, Tarzan's fighting jungle to death to save John) and actually improved in the narrative. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for ivory from the Elephants Cemetery and tries to lift Jane back to England with gifts of silk, underwear, and perfume. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a shot and sorrowful woman who acts on Holt's knight's efforts for Jane and guards her as a potential "conquest" to be anyway (including the killing of Tarzan if and when he can get away without to be seen). <br /> <br /> Tarzan hardly endures the intrusion into his happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down and refuses to allow the hunter to cemetery. Arlington finds his chance to catch a man of the human race himself and shoot him, then returns to the camp with a fictional story about his demise. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle and she can drive them to the cemetery before her long journey back to England, a comforting oh-so-sympathetic Arlington. But a wild tribe and insidious torture are waiting for a group ... can Tarzan, who has recovered his health with his monkey family, recover in time to save Jane? While the serial track is widely used, racial stereotypes of the 1930s are obvious, and gorillas are apparently actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND HIS MATE reaches levels of sophistication not surpassed in any other Tarzan movie, as well as sexism that even Bo Derek is a glamorous erotic TARZAN, APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in peak condition, physically Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful and "Africa" ​​never looked more romantic and more dangerous. TARZAN AND MATE was a triumph (though it would have been drastically modified for many years) and remains the classics of the series, to this day!
