This film is a rio of the James Caine novel, POSTMAN IS ALWAYS ACCESSING TWO. It seems that the director and the producer have never bothered to pay for the rights to this story-perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of the fighting against the Italians in the Second World War might have been forgotten to consider royalty fees! Despite this, the film is not really just an Italian version of the Hollywood film. In some respects it is much better and in other ways, it certainly is not. The three main characters in this movie are really quite ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a little scared. Male lead is quite common, with the exception of its rich hair (especially on the back and shoulders), and its love is, in a sincere sense, unattractive. They are very, very distant from Lane Turner and John Garfield in Hollywood. And the unfortunate husband is really obese and loves walking without a shirt - and his counterpart in American film Cecil Kellaway is definitely better looking (and probably better looking than the other two Italian leads). And this unattractive is generally the reason why I actually favored an Italian film - because I just could not imagine it was a "fine" bowl like Lana Turner in the middle of a married Kellaway - I'm 100% sure it has dozens of better offers! While the Italian wife would not have been able to do much better sincerely, and that made marriage truly trustworthy. Part of the Italian films are credibility from an obtuse way of dealing with sex. Sanitized American film attempts to believe that although Turner and Garfield killing Kellaway, they never get to sex! This is quite stupid and totally unrealistic. In addition to the occasional sexuality of the film, it's also quite casual to show that it's a nice side of life - lots of sweaty people, flies hanging over the kitchen table, and everyone seems to need a bath. <br /> <Film is also fairly fast compared to the long American film. And what you get for the sake of brevity is not all good. The film lacks a lot of styles and shades of American film - with finer shots, rather poor orchestration and sets. This is certainly not a nice movie, but the neo-realistic style makes the film look more realistic. But he can not solve the conspiracy abbreviations. Many of the plot elements in the later American version are either completely missing or overcome. And the end seems to be much less interesting than the American film - and it lacks the whole human dilemma when Turner and Garfield resemble rats (the best part of the American film). what is a better movie? Well, a lot of it depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many similar in style and did not have to watch movies with subtitles) - but it ended great. And the Italian film was a lot, much more realistic - until it came to an end that seemed hurried. And so the film is not so great, but I would have given a nod to say that the Italian was a bit better. It's a bad thing they could not combine the best elements of both films into one exceptional movie.
