With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first film director to bring the feeling of ancient Greek theater into the screen. His own script, the adaptation of Euripid's tragedy, was not easy, compared to the other two films of the trilogy he directed. The story was carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological framework, better adapted to modern cinematographic narrative methods. Cacoyannis also added some characters to the film that do not appear in the Euripid tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas, and the Army. This has been done to make some of the Euripides' points of the war, church and government clearer. Finally, ending Cacoyannis 'Iphigenia is somewhat ambiguous in comparison to Euripides'. The film was shot on the spot at Aulis. Giorgos Arvanitis, director of photography, shows us a harsh but beautiful Greece, where Homeric days seem to have stopped. It uses body, dry soil, ruins, intense light and darkness. The ruggedness of the landscape is particularly suited to the soul of the characters. The camera uses a wide range of available images, ranging from very long, enhancing the vastness and devastation of the landscape, as well as the human scale, to extreme detail, expands and probes deep into the soul of tormented characters. In particular, the opening of the film with a bold and fast track following a series of beached boats, followed by an aerial view of the thousands of soldiers lying thoughtlessly on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating amazing political and military agamemnons with responsibility. <br /> <br /> No word, but "noble," can describe the stunning performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the sublime classical Greek tragedy. Kazak's character is extremely down to earth, and his strong view of the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torture that pulls his soul away. Irene Papas is a modern quintessence of classical Greek games. Iphigenia is terrible in her anxiety, and even more so for what we know is her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou is in her first role on screen excellent in her idea of ​​innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with Kazakos's austere description of her father, Agamemnon. Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his representation of other characters: Odysseus is a frantic, frantic politician, Achilles, a futile, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is focused, obsessed with his honor, longs for vengeance, and his wife and property resumes. <br /> <Costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood out there. Agamemnon's quarter reminds of the barn, dresses, as well as the others, in utility, hand-woven and simple garments. The Royal Caravan in Clytemnestra is made up of wooden carts. <br /> <br /> Music is a fruitful contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' score strengthens drama and cinematographic development, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizes its dimensions and timeliness. The film and the story it tells offer a great insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought was the crucible for so much of our modern civilization. They teach us a lot about ourselves as people and as social and political forms. Euripides challenges the value of war and patriotism when measured with the mere virtues of family and love, and reflects the vulnerable position of a woman in the world of male violence. In his adaptation to the Euripides tragedy, Cacoyannis will be introduced to these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. Relations between political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war damages and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither an individual nor a group can operate normally for a longer period of time. With the exception of Menelaus, whose tribute has been damaged by his own wife's flight with his lover, everyone has his own motivation to fight Troy, who has nothing in common with Helen: the desire for power (Agamemnon), greed (Army, Odysseus) or glory ). So in the true sense, Helen became the WMD of the Trojan War. The war, deprived of all homemade charms and religious sanctions, was only an imperialist step, driven mainly by the desire for material gain, all others being an appropriate excuse. Another conflict in the film is that between the church and the state. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels a call to his priesthood authority and wants to destroy Agamemnon as an insult to the goddess he serves, and tells him to sacrifice his daughter. In accepting the sacrifice, the king approaches morality, but when he refuses, he loses his power over the masses (his army) who are washed out by the religion brain. Of course, it's a game for Agamemnon. The King must go with that charade, whether he sincerely believes in the gods or not, until he realizes it's too late to dare to commit contemptuous philosophy. It is a sacrifice or murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By concentrating on the violent and primitive horror of the human victim - and most of all the victim's own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is profoundly political and anxiously personal. It touches on the most complex and complex ethical problem facing every society: a nasty conflict between the needs of the individual and society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, his father is asked to kill his own child by his own hand. What kind of God will it take for such a payment? Can it be fair or moral, even if it is inspired by the divine? Finally, does the daughter's death sacrifice differ from the deaths of all sons and daughters who are sent to war? This is a series of deep questions raised by a two-hour film.
