Well, somewhere I heard that Ossessione is the predecessor of the Italian film genre and special favorite of me, "Giallo" ... but in fact, except that it's a thriller that was made in Italy; both have almost no relationship. In the 1960s and 1970s, Italian filmmakers got to the rumor that they were kicking off almost every successful American film. It's not enough, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the later American film "The Postman Always Rings Twice" without the author of James M. Cain's books as much as a loan! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome drifter who accidentally encounters a café where a woman named Giovanna Bragano is working. She soon learns that she has married Giuseppe; a big fat annoying man whom Giovanna can not even touch. He wants some of them to run away, but she's not so interested in this idea. Fate ends, however, and the plan to murder her husband is successful ... Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility for not paying attention to the author whose story is based, he must say that director Luchino Visconti realizes the movie noir well and to a certain extent I prefer the atmosphere of this film to some bigger American noir. The story is, as you would expect, extremely powerful and Visconti has managed to pull out of his cast good performances. Visconti, however, has dragged the film a bit, and for almost 135 minutes, I felt the story was too thin to owe it. I almost feel guilty that I am offsetting this criticism in Ossession, because it's a good movie, but it's not a "great" movie. The relationship between these two central characters is never really overlooked, and it looks like the film is better than turning us off before it lets us into the head of the characters. There are not many secrets to the plot, because we almost always know what is going on and not always focus on the characters themselves; The film is not as interesting as it might be. Yet it does interesting tracking and therefore it is recommended ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Caine classic.
