Murder Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray inspired Ogden Nash in 1927 to write a play on Broadway called Machinal. Even better, he inspired James M. Caine to write two short novels that anyone who has actually reached the place where they read this review will know - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both of them have become New York's film classics for the 1940s, double compensation is probably the most perfect noir. Some living elements of the Snyder-Gray story have taken Cain - the old age and indifference of Albert Gray, the high sexuality of Ruth, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and murderer and the famous double damages insurance clause. Missing elements included the fact that the real setting was the very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a respected newspaper editor. A number of incompetent and unsuccessful attempts were also ignored to persecute. <br /> <br /> Cain's double indemnity was perfectly shot by Billy Wilder - ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents of film traditions! Postman Always Rings Twice, however, was shot three times, and Ossessione, the Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before I comment on this, I recommend John Lanfield's version of John Garfield in 1946 in full and five minutes of Jack Nicholson's Jessica Lange version of 1981 for a great sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noirish as The Postman Always Rings Twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look that makes it a great movie, but it does not contain many essential anarchy elements. It does not have low lighting and unconventional camera angles. Dialogue is not hard and instead the film focuses more on the characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep into the characterization. Its also a lot more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship, and Giovanna is clearly nymphomaniac. A new character, La Spagnola, is introduced into the story with very obvious homosexual subtexts. She is also small, but she played a very good role for a dancer who shines like a prostitute on a monthly basis. This is a far greater study of the working class than crime. The audience really gets a sense of poverty and dirt. Drifter is a complete tramp, wife is not Lana Turner, and she may even be a prostitute before the wedding. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, crude and arrogant. I think casting was great for this movie. My only beef is with an extended duration. Everything is taken too long and it would be more effective if it was more economic. However, fans of noir and realism will surely like Ossession, just like me.
