From the disaster a sinister social situation arises: Poor Giovann ended up in the trough but still has an ace on his sleeve: beauty and youth. Bragana, a ten-year-old tenant with gas stations, picks her out of the streets and offers her beds and home together with her clumsy affection. But physical contact, which is now exposed to Giovanna, gives its disgusting feelings and as a result does not see a good one, but a man to get rid of. The arrival of Gina, a young migrant, will finally give her a longing for the occasion. And you do not have to ask it twice: at the first meeting, he feels physically desirable, and a little later he lets her get up without offering any resistance. the partnership must follow the strict rules developed by Giovanna. Gino's desire for freedom is suppressed, his desire to leave the place with Giovanna and start a new life away from fat is pushed aside. Giovanna focuses on another goal: to kill Bragano, to inherit and, in addition, to collect premiums. In her hands, Gino degenerates into a self-sacrificial instrument. To be at the mercy of this woman will turn into a cold-blooded killer. But unlike Giovanni, he questions the crime at moral level. The actual taking of the place of Bragana, which lies in sleeping in the bed of a dead man, causes deep contempt for oneself. And later, after learning about the approaching payment of insurance money, and apparently seeing through the Giovanna's devised plan, he also performs physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the prostitute's arms. <br /> <b> If Visconti's film was over at this point, it could easily be seen as a condemnation of the portrait of a cold, calculating and ruthless woman with a slight touch of social criticism. But then the last sequences make this carefully constructed construct of breakthrough ideas. Eventually, Giovanna feels humiliated about what she has done, and with the uncompromising revelation of her innermost feelings, he has managed to re-ignite Gino's love. Her violent death by an absurd road accident then not only leaves powerless to the mercy of any fate. It also affects us, while we realize that no one of the actors can be responsible for their disaster. The winemaker is only a state of the society that has determined the path of man seamlessly from the beginning. <br /> <br />
