Now, viewers will probably watch the movie as Ossession, and they will not really consider how unprecedented it was when it came out. The structure of the film is actually falling apart from the happy Hollywood conventions and other important theatrical elements. It rests on rendering reality in a very dark and sober light. Films of this nature - neo-realistic films - were filmed to reflect the darkness they felt during the Second World War. Ossessione deals with some relatively provocative issues that were probably invisible before the war, including: alienation, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Besides a crane shot and certain musical moments, the aesthetic film is very raw and crunchy: shot on the spot, uses natural light and most likely unpopular actors. All of these elements helped to showcase the problems that are being explored in the film and bring the following topic: Negative karmic effects persecute those who intentionally behave immoral. The two "Gino and Giovanna" drivers are polar opposites, and yet both bring a mentality: we're bored and we want to have fun. Gino is a drifter; a lonely traveler who embraces life and his constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored homewoman who is known for her family: she does not want to leave her home and husband, but she would rather stay where she is because she is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; the only difference is that she is too afraid to live alone, and therefore falls in love with Gina: she represents everything she wants, but she does not have the courage to get her. Does he want to live in a world without a monotonous life with his cunning husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The story, which appears among the two most likely leftist audiences, was unsettled in the 1940s. I think films before neo-realistic times have never before shown such scandalous behavior on the screen. At least that was a bit alarming. In connection with the theme, the neo-realistic style helps to show the negative consequences of adultery. Superstitious, adulterous behavior (as seen in the film) leads to depressive and ultimately fatal lives. When Gino and Giovanna join each other to "destroy" Giovanni's husband, karma is wounded after the crime. He returns to his home: the atmosphere is dark and bits (as expected from neorealistic style). They are not happy; they are in fact very depressing. They thought that by excluding Giovanna's husband from living happier lives but being deceived. The film ends with Giovanni's death - it's in the karmic form of her husband's death. I think this is a very satisfying end for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is plenty of debate about whether evil should be displayed on the screen and, if so, to what extent. I think that illustrating evil is very necessary if and only if the evil plot is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences are evil. How does Ossession's subtext ask, is adultery and murder evil? I think the film eagerly answers yes! The strange behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, until the end of the film, when they seem to be cured of their depression and are seen to be in their arms in their arms, the film's author shows that their happiness is in fact a facade: from the cliff and the river, the killing Giovanny; police arrest Gino. I think it was the intention of the author to say that even if he ever sometimes tries to justify his immoral behavior, karma will eventually come back and chase them. I agree. I think they both got what was coming to them because they were both incredibly selfish, they always wanted immediate satisfaction and were not willing to endure hard times. This was particularly clear after the first signs of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: unable to cope with the pressure on life in Giovanna's marital shadow, leaving Giovanna and sleeping with another girl. This is typical for the greedy, hedonistic personality. Overall, the film seemed to be very risky for its time. The audience, however, was ready to see such a movie because of the sobriety brought about by the war. Those pre-war, lucky-lucky movies were not believed anymore. The filmmakers were ready to see and think about demanding films with complex figures: they wanted to see figures whose lives were involved in the so-called "sin" because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione then acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. This means that many of the natural pieces we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neo-realistic film movement.
