When people hear about the drama of the 1940s, it seems they usually create a distance of irony that claims to be another tearjerker with big stars that lead a tragic, melancholy role. However, this opinion does not resemble neorealistic films, especially those directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE once censored his debut and once realized that the almost realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The controversial views of the film that appeared in those 65 years seem to be due to the content of the film itself, which is extremely controversial for both the modern and the past. At the same time, while based on the James M. Caine novel, POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, it is one of the most authentic picture adaptations, when the director remains with his own style, eyesight, art. I saw the film twice, and the second glance led me to a very detailed analysis that I would like to point out below. <br /> <br /> First, it seems that the Visconti film touches all the psychology and activities that people can do in life, especially those that are absorbed by desire. These people make such a tragic decision despite the terrible consequences they have to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) traveler with a "bear's shoulder" appears at the junction of the motorway at Ferrary and enters the pub. Though many people go to food, Gino comes to gain more - much more: the tireless desire of beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), who has already married the older man running the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragano (Juan De Landa). Her body and her song have their minds completely and from the moment of her first love she wants to get rid of the old obstacles and build a new life together ... But are people bound by bad deeds in the face of desire? Can a man build love for murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such questions are intensely appearing when watching a movie where the viewer is given a look at the characters. "We must love one another," says Giovanna, seemingly healing all the crying of conscience, but can he desire love to justify and cure everything? "It was not what we both wanted," one of the pairs says ... it is not. Therefore, the content of the film is very dangerous unless it is analyzed by the intellect and the heart. Still, he is still constantly thinking about provocation. <br /> <br /> Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and gorgeous cinematography that are in a pair of unforgettable sequences and visual power. This makes the modern viewer realize that the film, which was shot almost 70 years ago, is absolutely fun. These are from elegant erotic pictures to purely technical footage. Who can skip this moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, the kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (the perfect girl), dancer Anita and buy her an ice cream. His desires show him a completely different direction ... Do spectators remain indifferent to the first encounter of Gino-Giovanni? The first attention of the camera is on Giovanny's feet, which seems to represent the bodily desire for the love Gino is experiencing. The fun experience is that Gino and Giovanna leave the examination room and detailed shadows that direct their attention to their suspicious appearance. Thirdly, OSSESSIONE boasts excellent performances from both front couples and supportive casts. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that work in this film was one of the most difficult work he ever did; but as a result, there is an error-free operation. He portrays a bisexual man who is torn in desires that commit a crime but can not resist any object that reminds him of his conscientious sacrifice. His bisexuality is impressed by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in very surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast in the role of an important Anne Magnani, is very well suited to this role, and we can say that there is a real chemistry between the couple. Both are very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: it shows an old husband who is not loving to his wife and is still crazy about the high art. In some of his most humorous moments, he asks his wife to wash her back or go down the empty streets and sing her favorite karaoke songs. they are capable of a critical view, they have to look very objectively on this film. Art is certainly thanks to the above-mentioned aspects, it is also a powerful story due to the controversy it carries; is it educational yet? Visconti was not Fellini, who said he carried no message to humanity. In this case, his films would have fun (which of course is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to say. What was he saying? Is the film against bad marriage? Or is it against the evil actions of people who absorb desire? Final shocking moments say for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with this vision, OSSESSIONE is really a truly realistic movie, one of Visconti's best 8/10
