Visconti is the first feature, Ossessione is an adaptation of James M. Cain's postman always rings twice. Now I'm not familiar with this book or other movie versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I fancy Billy Wilder's movie version in fact). Two novels seem very similar. Both relate to an illicit affair when an angry wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless for her. Giovanna, a woman in this Italian version, played very well Clara Calamai, she is not evil incarnated as a wife in Double Indemnity, but she seems to be very spoiled. Her husband (Juan de Landa's great performance) is a bit cruel to her, but she is attacking me as if she were at least uncompromising. She is older than she and uninteresting, so she's rather shy. When Gino appears, a young, muscular man, it takes about five minutes to get him into bed. She feels she wants to be with him forever, but she remains with her husband. They first break up, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although deliberately vague) plan to plan a husband's murder. They are successful and return to the women's home town to run the bar owned by her husband. Gino is extremely enthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship quickly collapses. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it takes too long. After two hours and twenty-two minutes I can not, for my life, find out how it took so long! This is partly due to the neo-realistic stylistics Visconti has invented in this film. After all, it was the first movie to win this brand. We see a lot of events prolonged as if it were in real life without going to the next plot. I've seen many Visconti films and the only one I like is Rocco and his brothers (1960). Its direction is as big as it has ever been, the camera was great and the editing was perfect. I also feel the need to point out the best performance of Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute Anita, whom Gino meets after attempting to break away from Giovanna. It's only five or six minutes in the movie and only a few lines. It's shocking how much Visconti and Christiani are capable of this character in such a short time. She is totally cordial. 9/10.
