Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries. The great directors of Italy in the 1940s and 1950s were men who understood the medium, but it was Luchino Visconti, the man of sight who dared to bring the film as if to show what he was capable of doing. He clearly shows his genius early in his major career with "Ossessione," a film based on James Cain's "The Postman Always Ring Twice", which was later made by Hollywood, but this version is fading compared to what Visconti achieved in the film. Luchino Visconti and his associates on the screen included unregistered Alberto Moravia, a man who knew about the influence of passion on people. The movie was preserved in the DVD format we had recently watched. The film is a prerequisite for all the serious fans of the film because we see how Visconti's vision has transferred the text to a movie that sounded true to what the American version lacked. film, is the intensity the director earned from his key players. The magnificent Clara Calamai is doing a wonderful job like Giovanna, the woman who married an older man, but when Gino appears in her life, all she wants to do is get rid of that kind of man who gave her the opportunity in her life. Giovanna is one of the best creations in the production of Mrs. Calamai in Italian film. The final sequence of the film shows Mrs. Calamai in her most beautiful ironic curve, which serves as a moral redemption for the enormous crime that has been committed. Equally outstanding is Massimo Girotti, one of his best generation actors, who appears as Gino, a delightful man who awakens the obsession in Giovanni. Gino is the perfect person for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti shows with such ease and sophistication that has not changed on the screen. Mr. Girotti has made him revive a performance that seems so easy, but with another actor it may not have been so obvious. Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, an elderly man who fell in love with Giovanna. In fact, his character rings more truthful than his counterpart in American film, where he is more like a mustache. The film is magnificently photographed by Domenic Scale and Aldo Tonti. They made the film a naturalistic look, which was the way the Italian directors of the time preferred. Giuseppe Rosati's original musical score is perfect. Visconti, a man who loved the opera and was one of the best directors, also includes arias Bizet and Verdi that fit well in the context of the film. "Ossessione" is a treasure hunt because of seeing the great Luchino Visconti at the top of his form.
