Ossessione, adapted freely (or if it's so loose or close to the version I've seen on James Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure), director Luchin Viscontim is less excellent using mis-en-scene , music (dietetic and non-dietetic) and acting. I did not know what Visconti was supposed to expect when she had access to the material when she saw La Terra Trema and saw how sometimes his political motivation was somewhat tolerant. But it is a dramatic dramatic dramatic performance that blends with the melodrama (no conventions that engage smaller groups), and with the style of the best-in-noir movie, Visconti creates a debut like any other neo-realistic movie. Neo-realism, by the way, could legitimately be claimed because it is an ancestor (along with De Sica Children watching us) that would develop after the war. Although love and romance are more in play than some of the more famous neo-realistic pursuits, this is solved in the story of bare stories, and this is associated with other familiar themes in neorealism (lower class, death, despair). In addition to the story that is just as described on this site, the art with which Visconti captures images, and then lay them with objects (a shawl over Gina Costa's profile when it's the fault), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many from later scenes in the movie (usually through Gian and Giovanna) and the feel of Italian streets in many exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who have discovered some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help to visualize the appearance of Ossession, who usually moves in the figure, then stops reading so much emotion on his faces, ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just scratched on how effective it was that the movie actually moved me even though I was worried about the future of both potential customers. Two leads (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) show all convincing, true and almost operational emotions, and key supporting actors are also without their attributes. <br /> <br /> It's a great, overwhelming adaptation and it shows it as a remarkable sign of what Visconti has in his career.
