(Some spoilers) I did not read the novel by James M. Caine ("The Postman Always Rings Twice") on which this film was based, so I can not compare this movie version with that, but I saw and loved the 1946 American version (also called " "). <br /> <br /> This jewel from Italy is even better, which, as I read, was "crippled" in editing because of the overwhelmingly flashing references to the fascist regime. Well, does not it matter? what's left is a fine piece of cinema, apparently the forerunner of the neo-realistic movement in the movie. One can certainly why? despite what was harsh shooting, the perception of a sense of social and cultural and personal oppression has continued, hanging heavily over the protagonists who face many frontiers in their lives. Consider Gina, a young, slightly educated, unemployed, resorting to storing, stealing, and hooking people to get it, one pair of shoes so shabby that it's virtually useless. In Giovanna he sees the way out, but he should continue, as Giovanna is oppressed by her homeless marriage with an older man with some money, her work (working for her husband, slaves behind the bar and the kitchen) and her sex. She had limited opportunities in the past and decided to get married to the restaurant / petrol station owner (Giuseppe Bregana played by Juan de Landa) because she knew she would not be happy. She tells Gino that she feels sick every time Bregan's touching her. Under the excuse of helping Bregana repair his car and send him to the village to buy the necessary part (which he actually put in his pocket), Gino wins Bregan's favor (he also promises to repair a broken water pump - water symbolizing life or lack thereof) and remains alone with Giovanna. Immediate beginnings of heated, passionate and still unstable love affairs. Gino soon feels frustrated by the relationship and feels the need to go on again when Giovanna suggests getting rid of her husband. Gino wants no part to leave the city for a train he can not afford, and another gypsy man named Spagnolo, a colleague of the train, paid for him. Spinola Spinola presents Gino for some freedom and became friends (Spagnolo also symbolizes Gina's morale and conscience), traveling and seeking a carnival together. Eventually, Gino still has a job. To his dismay (still not over his love for Giovanne), a month has passed when Bregan and his wife go to the carnival, and Bregan persuades Gina to go home to live and work with them again because it's handy to get around. <br /> <br /> Too weak to resist because he knew he'd meet Giovanna, Gino agrees and returns to a couple's stay. After a while he gives up Gina's request to get rid of her husband. Once evil is done, Giovanna becomes colder than ever, he seems to have very little conscience, while guilt and shame go to Gino for hurting a man who has never hurt him. Whatever he wants to leave her? he is now briefly, now inseparably linked and facing the consequences. Did I like Spagnolo's character return to Gina's life to act as a judge of his bad deeds? it was very good and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. While the '46 American version with Lana Turner and John Garfield is a bit lost in the margins of peripheral figures, especially policemen and lawyers, Ossessione focuses much more on the psychological effects of crime on lovers themselves. This gives the final result even more power and makes a strong statement that strengthens the powerlessness of one's own society in which the characters must survive. Tiny curve: The amount of time (barely) that expires than lovers express the loveless love of how to quickly kill a husband (there is no first attempt as in the American version); Does Gino have a very fast relationship with escalae with a dancer? they also quickly confess their love, and she is willing to risk a lot for the man she has just met! ??? all rather unrealistic, are not they? Did I find this time frame a fairly distraction problem? it made me think I did not want something. Otherwise, the viewer's time is worthwhile. Effects and directions were equally good in both directions. Recommended.
