Normally, I'm forced to write a movie review, but the only comment on this movie is still unfair, so I feel I need to share my opinion. "Krisana" (or as it was called in the theater I've seen, "Fallen") is followed by Matiss, a lonely Latvian archivist, trying to find out about a woman he did not try to stop by jumping off the bridge, as well as her reasons. This is a conspiracy in a nutshell, but this film does not relate to the story just as it is in displaying the guilt of a man who has failed to act. As the detective investigating the incident tells us, we usually do not bother to look after the anonymous faces that we do every day after their death. Compared to Michaelang Antonioni and his "Blowup", it's most likely that you would notice the reviews you read about "Krisana". The influence of Antonioni's philosophical and austere style and the story of "Blowup" are clear, and in fact writer / director Fred Kelemen clearly refers to this film in scenes where Matiss tries to get to know the woman who jumped the bridge, or at least what she thinks he did it. The only person who shares their views on the film worsens the "movie class" the appearance and sound of the film. It neglects to think about the budget constraints likely to be faced by the existential Latvian film, but atmospheric black and white cinematography and the ambient sound succeed at the artistic level and show the loneliness of Matissa. The noise of winds and sounds from the street gives a sinister aura and reminds one of Fellini's film, whether it was Kelemen's intention or not. Film players undoubtedly had little money, but this restriction is being used in favor of the film. <br /> <br /> "Krisan" we succeeded in the nature of a study with enough humor to prevent it from being too self-confident. It could easily get behind the scenes of a mysterious story, but it avoids it and becomes an intelligent film about loneliness and guilt. If you are more interested in plotting, this movie and its end may suppress you. Otherwise, time has to be spent on getting involved. It's good looking.
