Every child experiences trauma, and the active imagination of each child has become the best, but for Jake (Anthony De Marco of Clint Eastwood CHANGELING - which resembles Henry Thomas around 1982), this combination may become lethal. (Sean Bridgers, late of "DEADWOOD") and Jules (Brooke Bloom, "CBS: Miami"), who is about to teach, suddenly decide to divorce, leave it alone and free a new tenant? zombies in his closet. <br /> <br /> Jake actually gets this seed set up while playing with Dillon's friend (Matthew Josten), who gives him a copy of the FAQ zombie FAQ. Jake is so convinced someone gets him? and his family? he begins to lick the action plan to protect them before it's too late. <br /> <br /> India's newcomer Shelli Ryan? who wrote and directed? (De Marco is a rare breed of a child's actor, where he is CHILDREN and not "actor") - all of his nuances are very obvious from an inappropriate, shy, introverted child that many can concentrate on (surely yes). Bridgers makes her cheating spouse empathic in realizing that she really loves her son while Bloom has a harder job building sympathy as a rather inadequate mother who is quick to emotion over rationality? it does not help when Dillon's mother Ruth (Monette Magrath, who resembles Laure Dern) is constantly feeding her implied information controlling the wedge between Jake and his otec.Magrath also has a difficult task to make her manipulative nature quite sympathetic but proves in the revealing scene, I'm not going to go into the details but it shows why she is what she is (and more importantly, how she also influenced her child).> Subjective camera filling is also well-occupied (many angles are depicted in Jake's POV at waist level or somewhat a reversed shot of Peter carrying his son in the same position while having fun in the yard) and editing is relatively flawless. <br /> <br /> Ryan based the scenario on the personal experience that grew up and also testifies that one hand is a friend who goes through the same situation and how he affects adult relationships can be harmful if they cause them fear, anger, and stress of their children. Here the film is very successful in getting its theme across. <br /> <br /> However, the horror basics are a bit deformed to say at least, but a homage to the zombie George A. Romero films are shown lovingly by Ryan (Jake Mum sleeps in front of the TV as NIGHT OF THE DEATH which causes his non-commissioned officers are in the house). The Metafora Monster, which acts as a substitute for domestic abuse, can be a bit heavy, but again, the fear of a child under the bed is universal.
