I sat there alone in my apartment on Saturday night with a selection of watching CITIZEN X or Eurovision Song Contest and benefiting the Americans who read it, explaining that TESC is an annual event where musicians from all over Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contesting countries, vote to find out what the best song is. It is a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds, and it does not have to be a shock when I say singing and song writing is not in the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should fix something in the first sentence of this review, because the word "Choice" is misleading because I am a music lover I did not look for under the circumstances of TESC. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits rolled for CITIZEN X and were waiting for serial killer whodunnit running, but I would be misleading to all who called it. It's obvious during the first 10 minutes CITIZEN X whodunnit. What is happening in the film, he points to the failure of communism: "A serial killer comrade! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This false attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene sitting in a freezing train station watches potential suspects while wearing police jackets because it's the only warm coat he has! And, of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning what will affect the ultimate number of victims. All this is very well done, as it turned out to be a system of communist parties that is in court, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we find ourselves in 1990 because communism is on its last legs and police reform reforms have taken place . At this very moment, the film becomes rather uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext, and the film is descending into the average film. But do not let it get you out, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well played cast mainly by Donald Sutherland as a paternal police boss. Unfortunately, a few years ago I read something written by famous criminologist Colin Wilson saying something serial killers let them capture to become the focus of attention in the media spotlight, and found out that I almost sympathized with the party chiefs denying that there could be a serial killer of the Soviet Union. After all the media is out and someone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read the English translations of Truth, they know that the USSR only reported stories like potato harvesting, coal production, and thank you letters from Afghanistan , Cuba, etc. Soviet help. The notion of becoming a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I think that if a tree falls in a remote Siberian forest, it will still sound, though no one else has heard.
