Well, we start with the fact that this film is not an accurate release of crimes and legal persecution by Andrei Chikatilo. While in Politburo the "official policy" that the USSR had no serial killers, in fact the law system was dealt with by others, and the "Killer X" (as it was called) was already sought after Fetisov brought Burak to the pouch. In fact, as soon as they realized they had multiple murders, the authorities assigned a working group of dozens of officers to track down and end the killing explosion of a man who did not fit into what was perceived as a normal serial killer of parameters. It is good that the director and writers consistently remind the viewer that the story is only "based on real events", it is not for docudrama. *** SPOILERS FOLLOW **** <br /> This is a damn good example of a fast-paced thriller in Hollywood, which still meets the basics of what has happened. It's easy to follow and has a lot of truth about your version of events, which is for convincing tracking. Yes, Chikatilo raped and murdered both children and adults, male and female. Yes, dirty laboratories have freed him to continue killing years. Yes, innocent people were accused of murdering and "confessing" their crimes to the police. Yes, the homosexual community was harassed during the committing of crimes (though with Burak's devoted help). And yes, Chikatilo was brought to confession not by the impending special prosecutor Gorbunov, but by a subtle understanding of a psychiatrist named Bukhanovsky (though Gorbunov was nowhere near the egotistical martinet that appeared in this film). Shortly after truth and credibility, all these events are dramatized in a way that consistently tightens tension and fear. It will not hurt that the director and co-author Chris Gerolmo has a perfect cast. Stephen Rea is a growing emotional entanglement in killing and developing expertise in revealing the tracks, Donald Sutherland's snarking manipulation of Soviet party hacks and fine spinal columns that becomes apparent when needed, Jeffrey DeMunn is the shy underworld of anger hidden by fear-filled behavior, Max Von Sydow's guy's excitement, which is part of a criminal investigation, increases sharp dialogue and sharp editing in a way that can not be underestimated. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If we take it, 'Citizen X' is almost perfect 'almost' because of one moment of self-confidence at the end that simply does not respond. Highly recommended as a fiction well, not by the fact that it is presented ... but because the piles of "serial killers" of movies Hollywood usually drink is good for me.
