Warning: May contain spoilers ... <br /> <br /> I've seen this movie three times and I always liked it. When I see it again, I always remember how good it is. HBO television movie - very well done as most of their films - would have received Oscars for making the performances released for general distribution instead of for TV. <br /> <br /> As I'm sure someone knows when he reads more reviews here, it's the story of serial killer Andrei Chikatilo. In the past eight years he has murdered 56 people in the former Soviet Union. (3 victims were buried and could not be found, so he was sentenced to 52 out of 53 murders.) The story is in fact more focused on the forensic analyst, Victor Burakova played on perfection by Stephen Rea. A man who becomes tortured and obsessed with finding this killer in spite of other hurdles brought by party hackers is his security necessary. There is a very moving scene at the end of the movie, which mentions, as in America, investigators are normally decommissioned serial killers after 18 months whether they want or not because of mental tension and frustration. According to this event, Burakov worked for more than 5 years before taking his first break. He followed the case to its conclusion, three years later. In this scene, his superior, General Fetisov, played by Donald Sutherland, actually says he admires his determination and apologizes for not knowing he should give him a break earlier. <br /> <br /> Rea's performance has done so well, did not exaggerate, exaggerate scenery, or anything that would turn away from his portrayal of a man who is hell inclined to find his killer. He is a man of passion, but he does not show it the same way he is usually depicted in detective films. Occasionally he sets out explosions after having quietly managed to build up with such circumstances more than most of them. Rea's doing so with his face, eyes, he does not need to exaggerate. He is just * - * - His character, after a long, so frustrated, at one point, driven by frustration, in fact says he will find 3 more than no one a year. Of course what he means is not that he wants more people to die, he just wants some traces to catch him. Rea feels to us. It gives us a grasp, but a quick glance at what it means to live with such horror and uselessness. He must be certain that Chikatilo is a childhood that produces such "monsters". The character of Chikatila is very well done by Jeffrey DeMunn. Somehow (impossible, though it may seem) raises self-confidence. Maybe it's the worst of us terribly wrong? Either way, his performance is very well done. Donald Sutherland as Colonel Fetisov (later promoted to General) also does a great job. He appears to be a cynical secular officer who does not seem to be much more involved in the investigation than anyone else who blocks Burakova. But in the end he becomes more than an assistant, but he is actively involved in helping Burakov. There is also a very nice turn Max Von Sydow as a psychiatrist brought help profile and find out what kinds of deviants are looking for. Although this film deals with a morbid, grotesque and violent story, it is more about what the killer takes than the killer himself. Everywhere around a very well filmed movie with gentle performances and a great screenplay. The script will master what makes the best of this type of movie: Make material events and put them in a meaningful way into a dramatic frame that makes you feel like you know people * behind * reality. <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10 stars
