Blood Castle (known as Scream of Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least exploiting cinema-like title and so on) is a very traditional Gothic Romanesque film. This means he has large, spooky castles, sharp young women, a mysterious older man, signs of horror, and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of this genre concept. It also means that it's a very deliberate pace and that the movie will best work for horror fans who are great fans of underestimation. If you like movies like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but also have a taste for the late 1960s / early 70s of Spanish and Italian horror, you can also love Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the edge of a traditional, unspecified European village. Local residents are afraid of him, because the legend has it that whenever he sits down a woman, he will soon be dead - the consensus is to put his wild dogs on them. This is quite a problem because the baron has a very healthy taste for women. At the start of the movie, another woman appeared who was dead and crippled. Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schurere) appeared in the center of the village and asked for her admission to Baron Dalmar's Castle. It is outside the city that the Baron accepted for his chemistry expertise. Naturally, nobody wants to go near the castle. Eventually, Ivanna finds a shadowy person (who gets even shadier) to take her. Once there, the strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni) rejects Ivanna and says she should not be since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar is trying to stay. She ends, but a little reluctant. The Baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of heavy burns suffered by Baron's brother Igor. Baron's brother, unfortunately, seems to be just a piece of decomposing meat. bizarre, black liquids. Moreover, Ivanna has a bizarre hallucination. What's happening in the castle? Is the Baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I would like to have Blood Castle more than I do. As I have already mentioned, the film is very deliberate in its beauty and most of it is highly underestimated. I can go either for such material. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority) but I'm a big fan of European horror of the sixties and seventies. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love the work of Dario Argento from this period. But occasionally Blood Castle slowed somewhat. There are big pieces that represent scenes not too exciting talking alternating scenes Ivanny slowly walks along the corridors of the castle. But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino managed more than enough sets and placements and Emanuele Di Cola shot them well. However, Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and it is, after all, the film Roger Corman (which usually means a low budget, though often surprisingly high-quality "quickie"). So even if there is a hint of the lush color of Bawa and the sophisticated decoration, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the Retromedia print I've been watching seems like a 30-year photo that was too long in the sun. It looks like it has "faded", with an endangered contrast. <br /> <br /> But Merino and Di Cola occasionally create fantastic visuals. For example, the scene of Ivanny walks in a dark corridor that is shot out of an angled angle and where an important fence element is revealed only by a shadow on the wall. There's also a couple of Ingmar Bergmanesque shots where the actors are beautifully blocked to indicate intricate relationships, except that they are visually appealing and pull your eye deep into the frame. Performance is fairly good and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino uses this fact by providing a decent amount of nudity. Schürer continued to shoot several films that were as subtle as the other genres, with English titles like Sex Life in a Female Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer 1975, and erotic explosions of a sexy seducer 1977). Blood Castle is much darker, but in addition to nudity there are still gentle scenes indicating rape and slavery and, of course, scenes that mix sex and death. The primary attraction here is probably a story that is rather a slow burning of romance as anything else. Horror elements, mysterious elements and a somewhat unexpected twist near the end are bonuses, but eventually Blood Castle is a love story about the couple overcoming various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical threats or damage) to be together.
