I remember the case of Andrea Chicalel in the paper when I lived in South Africa. They have photos that sit in their cage and are prosecuted in court. No, as it turned out, to protect the members of the court, but to protect it from the public. It was a fascinating, though morbid, reading. Later, I heard HBO made a film about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! In particular, CITIZEN X has acquired limited cinematography in South Africa. I paid to the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend was only interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wow! What a brilliant film. Why was it not given to a wider audience? If it was not made for television, it could have an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way of damaging it; whoever is a murderer is never kept from the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn is a really scary psycho. He is calm, afflicted, considered to be a woman's failure and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by superiors at work. By committing these terrible acts he feels strong and powerful. The fight against him against all sorts of chances is the pathologist Stephen Rea plays great in one of his most powerful performances. It has to fight against the noisy pace of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources it has at its disposal and, above all, the refusal of its superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. Chief Executive Officer (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "a decadent, Western phenomenon." Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help but his help has to be under the counter. Still brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who violates the protocol and decides to help investigators in their search. This is the first time in Russian history when a cloud is used to create a profile of a serial killer who is still freelance and has everything he can lose if his engagement is published. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly acting, well written, and music and editing only contribute to the tension and the theme of the movie. Outstanding support from the terribly unused Imelda Staunton and the real sense of impending devastation make CITIZEN X a movie that's worth seeing. It was too good to be done for television
