When I remember, Ira Gershwin, a lyricist and brother of George, offered the Gershwin catalog for this film and was disqualified by the producers. In many ways, it was typical of the 50th Freeman in MGM and directed by Vincent Minelli with great help from Gene Kelly. Gershwins were, of course, among the largest all Broadway musical groups, but George, myself, was one of the greatest American composers ever! Gene Kelly was, of course, one of the two best male dancers in the film music film (One Rage as Second?) And I can not imagine that casting was always in doubt. But I think the rest of the cast needs some explanation: Oscar Levant was at the time of his prominent personality and as a real friend of George Gershwin had to be in this movie. He was a talented pianist and even a slightly talented composer, as well as a noted neurotic and hypochondriac actor, and as he always plays. Leslie Caron was unknown at the moment, and she was French type "gamin". The talented dancer was never a real beauty. George Guétary, who plays the role of Maurice Chavalier, oops, I think Henri Baurel, was Greek and not French, but it certainly is more than OK as the French boulevard, although it is too small for his part. <br /> <br /> The voice of Gene's Hoofer is here to be used, but Guétary has a much better voice equipment. Although Gene was better off elsewhere, it is obvious that in "Singin 'in the Rain," where his character is a lot more counting, here it turns out he's kind of like a heck sometimes (it was for nothing, the original heel of Joey in Pal Joey, Broadway musical.) I was not so enchanted by my "I Got Rhythm" scene with children that does not seem to be spontaneous, as I thought it was. <br /> <br /> I also discovered the character of Nino Foch Milo, who is rather irritating. But the top of the film is probably a long ballet at the end of the film, based on title music with sets and costumes in the style of great French Impressionist painters. It was hard for me to believe that Gene and Oscar, as fighting artists, and I do not think the musical numbers are as well prepared as it could be, but in balance, Gershwin's music is very good in this movie. <br /> <br /> The DVD is well done with fine pure graphics ed it be) and the mono sound is good but a bit shallow.
