What does Best Picture do? The Oscars are coming for a lot of wand for rewarding exaggerated glasses that have a badly maturing age and ignoring the "auteurs" who will adore in the coming decades. It was not because he was Hollywood against art or creativity. Oscar prizes are selections made by the industry itself, and therefore at least in the classical era they tended to reward the greatest collaborators, the most acclaimed meeting of creative minds. <br /> <br /> Arthur The liberated unit in MGM has been linked to Oscar glory for several years; it was only a matter of time when Freed, with the help of his strongest director Vincent Minnelli and some of the best music stars in business, brought the best picture. Freed probably did more than pick up the character of a musical work than anyone else, creating pictures that blended the story and the song without losing the dynamic spectacle of thirty musicals. The mention of liberated musicals is that song lyrics, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to tell stories, nor do they even relate to them. What is important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fits into the structure of the film. The American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two were Singin 'in the Rain and The Wagon Band), which from the original context took over the existing classic numbers and forced them to work in a totally unrelated story. The words do not fit into the conspiracy, but the routines fit into the show. So when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, she does not have a girl yet, but the way this happens with the French children who join is a great deal of characterization and optimal melody and dance gives the movie the little elevator it needs at this time. The American in Paris also uses a rule that is allowed in the genre to add small unconventional flight shots to tell a story, such as the series of dance accompaniments that accompany the description of Leslie Caron's character. <br /> <br /> What better director for this project than Minnelli, the painter and the pianist himself? At this moment, there was not really anyone who had a better feeling Technicolor. While some directors soak up each scene in one color or fill the screen with dazzling shades, Minnelli color schemes are tightly controlled, but they never look compelled. In the introductory scenes, the tones are quite damp, but not sharp, and especially there is no red color. During the Oscar Levanto and Georges Guitar celebrations in the cafe, several vivid shades will be introduced. Then, during the first musical issue, "Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings the splashes of red? a tablecloth, a bunch of roses? until it finally dominates as if the song wakes up the color scheme of the picture. For most songs, colors are choreographed as complex as humans. However, in some numbers, like Tra-la-la, it keeps the shades the same, and instead opens up space as the song grows and characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Achilles' heels of an American in Paris is her story. I personally consider the romantic angle particularly uncomfortable, playing as the last mountain for misogynistic love stories that dominated the highest in the 1930s; An irreversible, independent woman refuses, while a humble, subtle girl is harassed to love the hero. Even if you do not mind it, it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by songs and dances. Compare this to Singin in the rain, which does not really have so many great routines or memorable sets as the American in Paris but has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked by the Oscars in 1952, but today he is considered to be a classic of this genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is a versatile form of visual entertainment, not just a story telling. The American in Paris is not deep or engaging, but as a certain DeMille's film, which won the top prize in the following year, it's sure to be a great show.
