The American in Paris is an integrated musician, meaning songs and dances are perfectly suited to the story. The film was inspired by George Gershwin's orchestra from 1928. <br /> <br /> The story of the film is scattered by dance performances by Gene Kelly choreographed and featured by Gershwin's popular melody. Songs and music include "I have a rhythm," "It's amazing," and "Our love is here to stay." She set a new standard for the subgenre known as the "songbook" musical with dozens of Gershwin melodies buried in an underground. The culmination is the "American in Paris" ballet, the 18-minute dance introduced by Kelly and Caron, designed for the Gershwin American in Paris, representing an impresionist, periodical film in the style of various painters, is one of the longest dance sequences of each Hollywood film. The ballet itself had more than half a million dollars at the time, a staggering amount. It's fun to think about such an artwork that was born in the pool between film producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN IN THE DUST, WIZARD OF OZ, IN THE CITY, ME ME ME IN ST LOUIS AND THE BAND WAGON) and Ira Gershwin. Freed's idea to buy the title to use in the film about Paris and Gershwin's idea of ​​using only Gershwin's music. The original cast was supposed to be Cyd Charisse, but she found she was pregnant before shooting. The main reason why Gene Kelly suggested that Leslie Caron be a woman because she felt that this film needed a "real" French girl playing Lise, not just the American actress she was playing. Gene Kelly discovered Leslie Caron as he relaxed in Paris where he saw her in the ballet. When she was called for bankruptcy, she said, "Who is Gene Kelly?" According to Leslie Caron, her introductory dance sequence, which included a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive by some censors. Gene Kelly directed a short fantasy dance sequence as Lise. Vincente Minnelli was first wanted by Maurice Chevalier in the part of Georges Guétary and Celeste Holm in Nina Foch. > <br /> Minnelli was the pioneering musical director with Meet Me in St. Louis. Louis (1944), American in Paris and The Band Wagon (1953). He used color and songs in a way he had not used before. He used the place and time imaginatively. Best of all, he let go of the long ballet sequences that ended all his films. The Ballet in America in Paris may be his best work. Although Vincente Minnelli is credited as the only director, he was sometimes associated with his divorce from Judy Garland and other directorial projects, leaving Gene Kelly to take over the management duties. Other major themes include Guitar's "Stairway to Paradise"; Oscar Levant's fantasy about conducting and performing Gershwin's "F" concert (why was Oscar Levante popular). Ballet, when we know it was successful, everyone now wants to take credit, Freed, Minnelli, Kelly? but before the film was completed, MGM's New York office said it did not play half a million dollars for the ballet. So Freed went by the lead study of Louis B. Mayer and made him agree, New York said not. Finally, Gene Kelly showed office in New York, as British film, RED SHOES used a long ballet sequence and that movie became a global hit? and today is considered to be a prime example of a successful art film. Financial boys finally went out and signed checks. After November 1, 1950, production ceased when Gene Kelly began to study ballet choreography. By the time the production for this final sequence was restored on Dec. 6, Vincente Minnelli completed the directing of another film - Father's Little Dividend (1951). Irene Sharaff designed a style for each set of ballet sequences, reflecting various French Impressionist painters: "Raoul Dufy", Edouard Manet (Flower Market), Maurice Utrillo (Parisian Street), Henri Rousseau (Fair), "Vincent Van Gogh" by Toulouse-Lautrec (Moulin Rouge). The background lasted six weeks for construction, with 30 painters working continuously. Roger Ebert said after a tour of the recent restoration: "The American in Paris has many qualities, not least the famous ballet production number, with Kelly and Leslie Caron symbolizing the whole story of their dance in dance." The American in Paris is often compared to SINGIN IN DEMO which was the biggest music ever, and one critic best did it when he said: "SINGIN" makes me happy in DECH and the American in Paris feels good to me. "The ballet presents Kelly's fantasies as depicted by great French artists (Renoir, Rousseau , Lautrec, Dufy), who admired the organizer and the producer to take part in the screening of the suffered Raúl Dufy to the end, where he was relieved, found artists, moved into tears, asked for second aid in the grand finale. , who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Film (Comedy or Music). Gene Kelly won this year's honorary academic award for "St. versatility as an actor, singer, director and dancer, and specifically for outstanding achievements in the field of film choreography. " It was his only Oscar.
