The glamorous seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral work, "The American in Paris," is an undeniable masterpiece. With a precise and unique taste from Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still fascinating, as it is divided into scenes inspired by selected artists - Dufa at the beginning of the Place de la Concorde piece, Manet on the Flower Market, Utrillo on Paris Street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the delightful Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears the famous white coat. 97 minutes before this finale is not so exciting, not a long shot, but a certain charm appears with the view of the entire Oscar in 1951. Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner created a surprisingly sophisticated, slightly light romantic tale centered on Jerry Mulligan, GI who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II tries to feed himself as a painter. With his braggadocio style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both ingratiating and irritating as a screening personality, but he seems to find his work as a carefree Jerry. The love-triangle plot is aimed at Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. The first day in the crowded Montmartre nightclub Jerry falls unapologetically for Lise, a young woman who turned out to be Henri's fiancé, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's friend, Adam, out of concert pianist concert. Romantic complications go up to the inevitable end, but not before several Gershwin classical songs take place. The best of them is the most imitation - a hauntingly romantic song and dance on "Our love is here to stay" the faux-Seine River in a blue misty fog with yellow fog lights. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron circle each other are transcendent when they first approach the exam and then beautifully synchronize with the music leading to the final conclusion. Several movies so elegantly and briefly showed that two people fell in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" Kelly's reflector is a talkative tap-dancing and pleasant singing, while "Embraceable You" is impressively danced by Caron in the five-stage installation of Henri's over-mapping description of Lise Adam. It is designed to show Caron's dance variability, a sequence similar to that in "On The City," where Vera-Ellen showed her considerable dance skills when Kelly's native character described Miss Turnstiles's multi-faceted vision. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> As Lise, nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances all over the world and takes on her role with informal charm and her acting foundation that has not been blooming for several years. Nina Foch looks quite charming to play older as a manipulative Milo, and she likes her well enough to care for her fate, while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic self like Adam. When I make the elegant "I'm going to build the stairs into paradise", George Guétary plays Henri so pleasingly that you feel bad about losing the girl at the end. It's not the best anywhere around the MGM musical, but it's certainly enough magic to make it worthwhile. DVD 2000 contains a relatively invincible print, but few more in terms of extra.
