The American in Paris was in many ways the ultimate mix of art and the Hollywood musical. Produced at the top of MGM's power as a music power station, the film features unforgettable music from Gershwins, which was rightly called the equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart of the 20th century. Gene Kelly was also at the top of his power in this film, though it could be rightly argued that this film was just a warm-up for his best work in Singin 'in the Rain (1952). These two films are really closely linked. In addition to the Arthur Freed connection, the Broadway Melody segment in "Rain" owes its existence to the incredible American in the Paris Ballet Succession in this film. It may have been the only time when the premiere movie specifically mentions the dance number. And it deserves to be, as it demonstrates Gene Kelly's ability as a dancer and choreographer to the fullest extent possible. Film castings are equally excellent. Leslie Caron, who incredibly makes her film debut, shows the maturity that makes you think that years have been filming movies. Her introductory dance sequence and later her ballet work provides some surprisingly sexy moments competing with MGM Musicals only at Cyd Charis's work at Singin 'in the Rain and The Band Wagon. Oscar Levant is cheerful as Kelly's stoic friend who gets two of the best moments in the movie: during the party ending sequence (which I do not want for anyone who did not see the movie) and one of the most memorable musical numbers combining her incredible piano skills with top special effects. <br /> <br /> Georges Guetary is less unforgettable than Kelly's romantic rival, although he has several musical events and Nina Foch as a romantic rival to Leslie Caron. The relationship between Kelly and Nina reminded me of the same relationship of a "caretaker" between George Peppard and Patricia Neal at Tiffany's Breakfast. We have several elements of the movie that made me less comfortable than Singin 'in the Rain. The ballet, though rich and well produced, does not really fit in the rest of the film. Without this happening, Ballet just happens without a real rhyme or reason. And unlike the Broadway Melody, it really has nothing to do with the plot - and in the best musicals, the songs always have some raison d'etre. <br /> <br /> The worst thing is the end of the movie that happens right after the ballet. Though the end should not be a surprise (this is MGM musical, after all), I was hoping for something more ... a movie after the ballet. As if director Vincente Minnelli felt he could not watch Ballet. The movie literally left me. A negative side, the American in Paris is right next to the best Hollywood musicals. It does not quite reach the height of Singin in the rain, but comes close and remains testimony to Gene Kelly's ability as one of the greatest dancers of all time.
