Gene Kelly came up with some really great ideas for musicals, while with MGM. Here he is at the top of his creative abilities to work with the Arthur Freed music unit. It's hard to believe when you look at the American in Paris that players have never left their back on MGM. <br /> <br /> The magic of the American in Paris is due to creative editing under the direction of Vincent Minnelli and the set that MGM designed that blended with some background-creating shots. The idea of ​​the film was created with Kelly, who simply wanted to shoot a long-ballet-length film involving George Gershwin's American poetry dance in Paris. It seemed good to Arthur Freed, who turned to Ira Gershwin, who told him when he used another Gershwin material. Gershwin got such an agreement about Gershwin's music that Irving Berlin normally got. There is not one music in America in Paris that is not Gershwin. Listen to background music and hear things like Embraceable You and But Not For Me that are not real music numbers. Another man, who was the writable text, Alan Jay Lerner, wrote a story that is really thin. Everything about the former GI was played by Gene Kelly, who never left France after World War II, just settled in an apartment on the left bank and gradually became a hungry artist. He lives with the eccentric composer of Oscar Levant and sometimes makes it redundant. <br /> <br /> Two women are interested in it. Another emigrant, played by Nina Foch, who wants to sponsor him as a painter, will repeat it in other affairs. But Kelly falls into the girl shop Leslie Caron plays in her film debut. Caron is also interested in the musical comedy star Georges Guinet. <br /> <br /> Of course, the plot is simply an excuse to sing and dance to George Gershwin's music. The American in Paris will become the first film I've ever seen as an airplane movie on the first flight I've ever had. I still remember flying back from Phoenix to Arizona to Kennedy Airport when I see that Gene Kelly is doing my rhythm. My favorite number in the movie is Tra-La-La, which Kelly sings and dances around the apartment with Oscar Levante playing the piano. Kelly dances at the top of the child's piano at one point. In the book on Arthur Freed I read a quotation where he said in US Paris that a ballet sequence should be done in the background French impressionists who felt the public would rather than in a realistic environment on the streets or in the back. That's how it happened. Kelly performed long ballet sequences in Words and Music, The Pirate and On the Town. But all this is all. Still, in my opinion, it includes some of Gene Kelly's later films. In an astonishing excitement at the Oscars, the American in Paris was chosen as the best shot for 1951, defeating the heavily favored A Streetcar Named Desire. I think that fantasy has revealed the realism of that year. Big budgets are also enthusiastic about these things. <br /> <br /> Still, the American in Paris is one of the best movie musicals they've ever done, and since the studio has all the creative talent under this roof, it's less likely to be repeated.
