Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Rein Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schonee, Hans Jurgen Syberberg. from a German film school that favored so many symbols and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, this 1982 film came from Wagner's latest masterpiece, Parsifal, written to correspond to Easter Friday / Easter and the dedication of Bayreuth. This movie tracks the scene and accurately renders it, but the way it was shot and done is courageous and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal accepts the crown in its bizarre cinematography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. He made films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and documentary film about Winifred Wagner, one of his great daughters. This movie is in many ways disturbing. Parsifal (sung by Rein Goldberg, but by Michael Kutter) is a man in the first part of the film, and after he kisses Kundus' kiss, he transforms into a woman. This gender bending element displays the female / masculine / ying-yang nature of seeking a holy grail that serves all humanity and redeems it through Christ's blood. In the pagan magician Klingsor's fortress, there are photos of such notorious ominous personalities as Hitler, Nietzsche, Cosima Wagner, and Wagner's lover Matilde Wesendock. The swazda trailer hangs out of the fort. Parsifal passes through the film through the 19th and 20th centuries. Enticing flower girls are naked. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve of Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautifully sang mezzosoprano Yvonne Minton). This film is finally for fans of this bizarre German / European symbolic metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner's opera. Indeed, singing is magnificent and convincing. Parsifal Reiner Goldberg is a concentrated and intense voice, but lacks the depth and overall size of the largest Parsifal stage - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, René Kollo and today's own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensitive, dramatic and exciting Kundra who tries to break into her tired state. While production is certainly unorthodox and as non-Wagner, how can it get (Wagner's concept was Christian ceremonial pomp with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded king, dark magician, darkness turned to light, etc.). . is still a nice, artistic film.
