It's an amazing movie that you can watch or show to young people. In addition to a very short naked scene, it gives an interesting view of the colonial rule in Africa, which is rarely found in other films. It carries a superficial resemblance to OUT Africa, but without all the romantic fuzz. The white French people in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to be native to humans. Whites are all bosses and expect the black slave to ask. However, unlike real servants, you have just heard that some of the White people say "thank you" and no other interest is given to these people. Again and again, they are like pets or slaves because people's feelings are never even considered. <br /> <br /> A central example of this thought is the relationship between Mother Aimée and her maid Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it's only normal that they could start having sexual feelings for themselves, the White woman never thinks of Protée or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this idea is when she has a lace lace dress and it is obvious she is very sexually frustrated with this. In addition to this relationship, while almost all of the White are completely unaware of the fact that Africans are people, a few go so far as to verbal abuse and treat them as garbage. Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the girl (which is grown at the beginning and end of the film). While they are very close, sometimes they are more like a toy or a pet, and the girl never plays with home children. There is one bizarre white character that sometimes seems blacks to be better, but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing. One moment does hard work on the side of the blacks or eat with them (something the White people have never done) and another tries to defeat Protée! I could only argue about what motivated him - perhaps he was just a fool, or he was a fool, or maybe he was a communist agitator who tried to defy the blacks against the whites (who knows!). In fact, in addition to a few good scenes, this character seems unnecessary. While I really enjoyed the preview that this film gave, I wish it was more than just a few excerpts of this world from the child's point of view during a small period of her life. The context and what has happened, getting rid of the land of colonialism, is never interested, and the film leaves me more. It seemed that the film began in the early eighties (because it was wearing a Walkman-style headset), and when the film returned in time, it seems to have been set around 1960 (more or less), but never mentioned Religious Violence or the Independence of the Nation in 1960s. I guess some of these confusion could be that movie makers have worsened and MUST place the beginning of the movie before (as in the 1970s) and think of the lady returning to his life there in the 1950s - the country experienced political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the lack of context and confusion in time periods, it was a good idea to use a prologue and an epilogue that showed it to be an adult on earth. And I also appreciated the end because it was a pleasant surprise when you learn more about the dear man who offers her a ride. But overall, it feels like something missing - there is simply no other analysis or report than to show that colonialism is ruthless and cruel.
