Before I looked at it, I did not know anything about Chocolat. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the directors, or something about the history of the film. All I knew was that he was a highly acclaimed French film. If I knew more, I would probably not see an image with an open mind. It does not seem to me interesting on paper. If I knew what Chocolat was waiting for, my interest in watching would be limited. But the ignorance of the story helped me enjoy. All the time I had no idea where the story could go what the characters would do and what the final result would be. It was, if nothing else, a predictable movie. Indeed, it could be as the story is narrated in retrospectives. Storytelling in memories is often a risky step on the part of the creators. Since the main character is visible today, the audience knows he will remain alive. Using recollection techniques, director Claire Denis is able to ensure that the young girl does it to adulthood without serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than what is out there. The little filmmaker would give France a face that looks like a prospect that shouts a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis represents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good outside. <br /> <br /> It could be said that Chocolat is more of a French mother since she gives her much more time on the screen, though I believe it is finally about France. For me, what Chocolat really is is how her mother touches her daughter. It's about how parental behavior stays with your offspring. France is not destroyed in the story by her mother's action, but her mother's action clearly worked on France. If France were not affected at all by her mother's actions, the flashing aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie that deals with two time periods, past and present, Chocolat was very good, there was no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes seemed to be unreasonable or out of place. The film had a nice rhythm, editorial fragility, left only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-known story, careful editing and an organized director, Chocolat is one of the finest French films I've ever seen. She was responsible for starting a career with Claire Denis with good reason: it's an incredible directorial debut.
