Meet in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone poem that depicts the effects of dying colonialism on a young family in recent years of the French government. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films vary greatly in scope and emphasis. The film is narrated from the point of view of an adult who was returning to her children's home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling to Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in Cameroon, France, and had a loving relationship with the crazy servant of the Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). The heart of the film, however, is about France's mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her relationship with Protéa, which is full of unspoken sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The house is divided into public and private spaces. Rooms in the White Family are private and unlimited for everyone except Protée, who works in the house, while servants are forced to eat and shower outdoors and display naked bronze bodies to a white family. It is obvious that her husband, Marc (François Cluzet), rejects the fact that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but the company's rules prevent them being openly acknowledged. In one news program, he invites him to his bedroom to help her lay his clothes, and they both stare at each other in a mirror with a keen eye in their eyes because they know each interaction is taboo. Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also creates a bond with a waitress that feeds it from a plate while he shows her how to eat crushed ants and carries her on her shoulders in walks under the night sky. In spite of their custody, the true nature of their relationship between the master and the servant is obvious when France orders Protéa to interrupt her conversation with the teacher and take her home immediately, and when Protée stands next to her at the table, she waits for another order. When the plane loses the propeller and is forced to land in nearby mountains, the crew and the passenger must move on to the aircraft until it finds a spare part. Each visitor shows his contempt for the Africans, one, the rich owner of the coffee plantation, brings the food left over from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, arrogant white Frenchman, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), disturbs racial equilibrium by using an outdoor shower, serving her with servants, and ridicules Aimée for her attraction to Protéé, which leads her to the last emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is freely autobiographical, adapted from the children's memories of the director and is slow and mysterious as the embarrassing isolation of the country on which it is filmed. Denis refers to the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no simplifying good guys. A servant is sacked, but he is also a guardian, as if he is guarding the bed where Aimee and her daughter slept to protect them from a furious hyena. It is a sad fact that Protée treats himself as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé fills his character with such dignity and status that it reduces pain. Because of its speed, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film, and Denis in Roger Ebert's phrase "does not expect our emotions." The truth of Chocolat lies in gestures and views that touch the quiet desires of our heart.
