On their way back in 1955, the British created a comedy called Simon and Laura, with Peter Finch and brilliant Kay Kendall. To date, this is one of the best examples of British comedy and more specifically about how television comedies become so popular. It was and was also an excellent example of self-referencing cinematography. So, Soapdish, a movie I never heard of until I saw it a few days ago when I caught it on late television. I was initially a bit dubious because comedy is so hard to do as you know. However, I was pleasantly surprised and pleased that I watched a very clever satire on daily American television. In fact, it was a moment when I laughed so heartily. So if you like satire, I'd recommend seeing her. Main actors? Sally Field, Kevin Kline, Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty? they just do a great job and reveal how acting and fluent is acting. As I watched, I wondered myself: How much of this bizarre is going into real life? Does that mean if the actors have a real life? As you probably know, for example, Peter Sellers was renowned for hiding his true personality for a number of characters, so nobody really knew. So when I watched Sally Field playing Celeste Talbot playing Maggie, I once again thought that British film with Kay Kendall, who plays Laura, plays the character in a TV series against Peter Finch ... wondering that some actors have nervous disorders? And that feeling crystallized when Celeste finally confronts his daughter (Lori played by Elizabeth Shue) and at the emotional moment repeats the fictitious lines she used on the previous episode of her daily soap when confronted with her fictitious daughter, the show! Are you confused? Well, that's not all, but the dialogue is amazing for originality, comedy, bitchiness, anger, corruption, duplicity and even ... love. Story? Well, in this movie there are many stories that are all intertwined and which eventually coincide (of course, but not like Robert Altman's movie, well!) And not all of them are finally resolved. Life is not like that, is not it? This tempo is almost frenetic, and you must really listen and listen carefully to catch all eyes and fine jokes. Spend 97 minutes of your life and watch it; you will not regret the use of time. The rest of the cast is working well, although I have never taken much on Whoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the most entertaining exchanges are between Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty, and for my money steal so many scenes from others, she has my vote as an excellent player. I do not want you, giving the term bitch a whole new face ...
