As a jacket claims, this film is "gorgeously shot and masterfully dressed," and yes, it's fascinating beautiful. The timelessness that we perceive in the Stoic rock and in the constant outflow and flow of water creates a phrase from Goldsworthy's hands so that in their very passing they point to eternity. And so the beauty of his song is followed by a touch of melancholy woven - or, according to the words of Matthew Arnold of "Dover Beach": Listen! you hear the thunder of the pebbles that the waves stretch back and the high Begin spring back on their return and stop and then start again with a slow slow cadence and bring Eternal Mourning. <br /> <br /> <br /> In one place near the end of the movie, Goldsworth says that 'the words are doing their work, but what I'm doing here is saying a lot more.' As a speaker, he did not commit any offense, and for a moment I do not think he is the most daring, because the combination of form and time and the change, structure and color and composition that Goldsworthy produces carefully and intuitively is really more than mere words. <br /> <br /> At another point, he states: "What is left to stay ... and what is not." That's his subject. I think artists sometimes realized in the twentieth century how transient the greatest works of art were compared with the vast space of cosmic time; so they began to reflect this understanding by composing works that were deliberately transient. The idea was that emphasizing how short-lived are even the most powerful works of people would be a feeling of timeless art. Perhaps part of the work of Goldsworthy's work in this kind of expression. Carefully consists of some form of straw or leaves that the tide reaches or puts it in a river where it will be dragged; and in this process both the composition and its ephemerity are combined. Transient and timeless are necessary to understand our world and our place in it. And it is important that these works are carried out in the context of nature, so that what is composed is determined in the natural state. So, the stone walls and the stone eggs that Goldsworthy's construction is silent and solid, we know that they are not memorials for eternity, but instead they remain indefinitely for some time and then disperse and return to the state they existed before we came. <br /> <br /> It is an art, as art should be like a spiritual. In a sense, Goldsworthy's work is inexplicable. It is an experience of pure time and form. In a sense, his work "answers" Shelley's famous poem "Ozymandias" by saying that even if the tide clears the work away, and even when the river scatters expression, even art lives because of our experience of it. Similarly, one thinks Tibetan sand paintings so carefully folded and measured, and then, as they are beautifully and thoroughly finished, they are given the wind to let us know that everything is a flow. <br /> <br /> However, in the modern world, these works of art will last for photos and videos. Goldsworthy is a perfect photographer, and all his work, as well as unsuccessful, as he tells us, are photographed so that he can look at them in a reflective mood and see what he has done and what he is not. <br /> <br /> This cinematic production by Thomas Riedelsheimer with beautiful and reasonably exciting music by Fred Frith can not be missed. It's one of the most beautiful documents I've ever seen and one of the most important.
