It's a romantic comedy with an emphasis on a comedy about change. Just as lovers - Sally Field as the queen of soap opera almost over the hills, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as an edge-occupied and marginally talented actor, Jeffrey Anderson, are working on cross-affairs, seemingly unaware that they are madly in love, etc. Somewhat about Margo Channing of Bette Davis in All About Eve (1950) and a whole lot to the wild theater tradition , Sally Field walks over the summit towards cheerfulness while she malaprops her way to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the most underestimated leading men in recent years, is also very good and very victorious when he can be handsome, vulnerable, egotistical and dear all at the same time. <br /> <br /> Celeste's fear of losing her audience when she entered the forties and she got to the crisis point with the advent of her niece, ambitious actress Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), who turns out to be her niece , with subsequent complications of conspiracy. Cori manages to get a small portion of the soap opera as a lost homeless deaf before discovering her real relationship with Celeste (and Jeffrey Anderson) - but she does not mind. Robert Downey Jr. leads as a romantic counterpoint or foil. (director David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Sister Nan). David Barnes is so hot for her, but she's got one thing: get rid of Celeste so she can shine on the backstage. For this purpose, Barnes is doing everything Celeste's career, but by chance and / or perverse logic, all his attempts are fine, and to the audience's delight. Whoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schwartz, the lead writer and Celeste alter-ego and confidant, while Carrie Fisher has a modest role as a show producer. <br /> <br /> I thought it was more fun than just the other spoof of the world series I saw (Young Doctors in Love 1982, who mourned at the general hospital on TV and were pretty good). Soapdish is more fun with a scenario on stage and lots of laughter and loud one-time shows and great shows from Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But see it for Sally Field, which is excellent.
