Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy has natural materials in transient works of art, gathering stones in egg-shaped eggs, filling shores around banks with fiery flowers, and stitching thorns and twigs into intricate web designs. The original work and several photographs of his other creations are stuck in the corner of the art gallery in Southampton (near the place where I live), but even though I found these pieces interesting, I realized the wonder of Goldsworth's work only when I was lucky capture Rivers and Tides re-screening. Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by the beautiful instrumental soundtrack Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing artists at work. The opening scene captures it by fracturing fragments of the wings into a serpentine roll that is at the top of the tree. Working with teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy craft a beautiful, fleeting job. Previously, this fine sculpture does not lose anything in the brilliant sunshine of Nova Scotian. This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before finishing, as well as the glory of those who shine, even in a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself tells the story, talking slowly, but thinking about the themes in his work. He clearly states that he needs to work with nature, to be in himself and to develop his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even though they seem to be working against him. Sometimes he's on the ground and funny; at other moments he struggles for words to express his purpose? something that is quite understandable when we witnessed his amazing firsthand work. "Rivers and Tides" are becoming more and more important because we see that natural materials pass through the hands of artists from one form to another. Capturing the creation and abolition of Goldworth's work is in itself a remarkable piece of art. Though Goldsworthy is working with very different materials and covers territories across North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after another in this film is exhausting; it gave me the same feeling of fatigue I have when I spend too long in an art gallery and trying to accept something new. The short interval in which we introduced Andy's family and hometown is what interrupts the long succession of his works of art. However, Reidelsheimer does a great job of photographing Goldsworthy and his work, their location in their wider environment, from the Canadian meanders to the Scottish rainy slopes. Fitaly, the film ends with Goldsworthy casting handfuls of land and snow into the sky. The resulting dust particles also appear when scattered into the air; it is the purest expression of beauty that is found in the work of this remarkable artist.
