This German documentary, in English, concerns Scottish environmental sculptor Andy Goldsworthy. He makes art out of objects he finds in nature. For example, early in the movie we see that it takes some icicles and "sticks" it together with a little moisture into a serpentine shape that seems to repeatedly pass through the vertical rock. Of course the peat bog melts, but the transition is part of most of Goldsworthy's work. He goes to the place and gets it feeling intuitively deciding what to do that day. He speaks of having a "dialogue" with the stones and other materials he works with and trying to work * with * instead of against them. They can be stones or flowers, or leaves or sticks. The statue can take several minutes or years, or it will not take long before it is completed and photographed. Work seems to be more a process than a goal. The film and the work are beautiful, inspiring and provocative. It moves relatively slowly, which is appropriate for the material, but you should be sure if you had a good night's sleep. But go if you have an opportunity. <br /> <br /> Find some other sites on Andy Goldsworthy on the web or read about his local sculpture at Stanford University. There are also several books with statue photographs. <br /> <br /> My thoughts: Read this section to find out what this movie means completely independently. I remember a few ideas that came to me when watching the movie and I thought I would look at it for those you are still reading. Firstly, the transient nature of Andy Goldsworthy's work reminded me of the natural tide and flow of human life. We were born, we live and eventually we die. That's natural, and of course that's also part of Goldsworthy's art. Another thought was to be frightened by the way Goldsworthy managed to incorporate his passion and work so thoroughly into his work. Most of us have a work that is at best tolerated, a life that barely notices life, and passions that we really want to devote more time if we even remember what they are. Andy Goldsworthy has managed to create amalgam of all these aspects of his life, which seems to work very well and nourishes him and those around him. Wow. <br /> <br /> Viewed on 28.8.2002.
