I admit that in the first 20 minutes or so from this movie I was not entirely sure I would sit the whole thing. Like many other people, I thought it was quite boring, and I did not take a full look at the hour and a half when I watched these icicles and blind them. However, if you are sitting long enough to see the final product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film is. I really think it sad that so many people have found it to be incredibly boring or retreating the ideas of other artists. Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some works of art and methods by Andy Goldsworthy, who makes his art entirely out of the ordinary in nature, generally the result of pieces that will be consumed by nature through a normal entropy process. It's slow and insurmountable, but I think much of the film is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any escort to be appreciated. I have even heard that people complain about how they always talk about the film, rather than simply letting nature and artwork speak for themselves, which I just think is madness. On the other hand, people complain about CDs with texts written inside. Many musicians also think that their music should mean what the listener wants to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics. I think I'm just the guy who believes I want to know what the artist is trying to do with his artwork. I can still take what I want, even if I know what it should be like. I understand that I do not want to hear the way she talks. After all, he loses his idea and can not explain some of his work more than once, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, do not hesitate to turn off the sound. It's not like reading the lyrics unless you want to know what a musician is singing and prefer to interpret it yourself. <br /> <br /> I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I did not even know, was watching this movie is incredibly impressive and I am glad that this film was shot to show it. Since his work is not generally such as to be transferred to study, photography is the only medium other than the film that can express it, and I really appreciate the ability to see the work that goes into his art and the way they are used only things from nature. Whether you appreciate some aspects of how this film is being presented, Goldsworthy's work moves so much to overlook the fact that the film is not a star, Goldsworthy's art. And due to the lack of music or even the slightest special effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that.
