The Zero Day has its purpose and it's not just fun but it reports on its specialized school shots. The mapping of the lives of two friends, Andre and Cal, lead to an attack on high school. <br /> <br /> While the film started in a somewhat unsatisfactory way, it was an impromptu announcement of the upcoming amateur-style attack, followed by a brief encounter with the boys' families. It is not long before we work with the boys who show us their collection of weapons, their fetishist love for them, their vast sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even the controversial scene on how to build bombs. <br /> <br /> So what's the movie trying to say? What is really motivating to be early killers. It seems difficult to accurately determine. Certainly they do not come as cold-blooded psychopaths, yet they plan the act of pure brutality. This leads me to what I consider to be a genius in the "Zero Day" section. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about how much they are at a different level, how they are over the rest of us, and how they "leave" us. Just like the killers in Colombia, they really feel superior. Just like Nietzsche's res sentiment, Cal and Andre's value system seem to have been born out of their company's rejection. Still, we only have flashes, which is an expression of hatred for a popular athlete. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio portrayed two people desperately calling to claim superiority as the gesture of their power without having a reasonable place for it. That is why they turn to mass murder and kind that will give them more attention than they might realize. Therefore, it seems that school shooters are partly able to carry out cruel actions, even though they come from good stable loving homes. Murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are completely lost in their fantasies, almost do not see the reality of their actions. Fantasies become a tragedy. What is second most fascinating about this film is the character's evolution and the unique dependence that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is obviously the leader of both movies, Cal's embrace of his behavior, and his clothes seem somewhat forced. Andre is nervous, Andre is intense and serious. He completely avoids others besides his family, he is careful and precise about everything he does, and for a while he appears to be the most nasty in plotting to attack the school. Yet he likes his own way, does not include teenage nonsense, and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, yet these moments are broken by Andre's early gestures of violence against us who view us as a confidential and potential victim. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, more accepting reality. Yet it is dominant. We have many personal moments of introspection with the Cal diary video, the scene when it is alone and outside of Andre. Cal seems to struggle with his own demons and uses his plan to avoid them. Andre is jealous that Cal goes to the ball with an old friend, wants Cal for himself. Cal Cald represents Andrea and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre finds someone who believes in him and admiring him that he can not lose him. While Cal found someone who offered him the way. <br /> <br /> The film will certainly lift the pace and improve as it approaches its cruel conclusion. There is a great moment when Cal goes to grammar school. Suddenly the movie star becomes shy and introverted, not at all at ease with his peers. Still, we tend to feel more connected with Cale than with a ferocious brown crowd that screams of juvenile obscenity while drinking in his limousine. Their episode is too common and recognizable. We do not want to join them when they finish and Cal returns and Andre prepares quietly one of their latest videos that we like to feel the characters feel safe again in the fantastic world they've created. We feel like we are avoiding the bridge as they are. The penultimate scene is excellent. The final video sees that Andre and Cal just lit in the car just before the attack. It is too real and actually creates a sense of impending conviction. They know we know Cal and Andre, and we realize they really do it, and with any morbid fascination we also enjoy catharsis. The CCTV-shot shot is sometimes shocking, and although it was certainly the perfect choice to describe the massacre if we went into it, it would not be invalid. The most important is the sudden radical change in the perception of Calu and Andree when we look at him in this person at once, they are the cruel killers we know they will still refuse to admit they will be. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy that costs everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of adolescents who shoot and burn crosses built on Andre and disgust that they were commemorative. After we met Andre and Cale, we can almost feel sorry that they are really gone forever and that they have certainly not gotten anything. The Zero Day is a must for anyone interested in these violent acts, the media. It is a characteristic that is worthwhile to experience.
