As always, controversial movies like this have mixed reviews. You love it or you hate it and not everyone will like this movie. It shows the perspective of murderers, which is something I personally feel is important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim to understand them, and you feel like you can concentrate, but no matter if this movie makes you think about school shooting from another perspective. The film is shot entirely by hand-held camera, something I think works pretty well because it makes it more realistic. This is completely speaking from the point of view of the killers, from their "missions" to family trips, all leading to the big day "Zero Day" in which they plan a massacre at their school. Zero Day does not provide answers, but only represents a look at the lives of two young boys who are afraid and allows viewers to choose for themselves. Our feelings about boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, yet we are confused why two ordinary young boys do such a thing. It turned out to be surprisingly normal, the typical teenage boys who lead ordinary lives, and if we did not know what they were planning, we would not have expected a thing (Throughout the film they clearly show that no one else knows their plan) <br /> <br /> The game is exceptionally good given that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope that they will see more work in the future. Despite the fact that it is a fictional film, no obvious similarities with Columbine can be noticed. Calvin and Andre are terribly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so, but in a way). As a person who explored Columbine very extensively, I have seen similarities and it is almost certainly on him. <br /> <br /> Real massacres are shown through school cameras and are one of the coldest things I've ever seen. After what I saw, I was totally shocked, and his feeling stays for a while. It is very realistic and well done and is very difficult to monitor. Everything in everyday days is an excellent movie and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past, we have always referred to killers as "psychopaths" and assumed that they were either biologically linked due to disaster or media influence, but as Zero Day shows that motives are deeper than that, and we can never really understand why the tragedy because school shooting will become until we see her from the point of view of the murderers.
