Unborn tells the story of Virginia's (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying to open in the last five years, Virginia has since had two abortions and desperately had a baby. Visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after some of their friends recommend him, Dr. Meyerling says he will help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling is working on Virginia and will soon be confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything seems to be perfect, and Marshals can not be happier, but their perfect life does not last long, as Virginia develops problems, becomes moody, and acts entirely by nature, and gets a disturbing phone call from Beth Jane Cameron), another woman who has taken the lead Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling actually uses his patients for his own sinister purposes and is in fact a disgusting genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question what's growing inside ... Made and directed by Rodman Flender I basically thought that the unborn was a decent horror / thriller (that's an unthinkable science-fiction movie like IMDb you would believe) that pleasantly surprised me. The script of Henry Dominic is trying to be different and at least it must have some credit. Unborn is about psychological horrors rather than cheap fears and bad special effects, has a pretty smart story that works and plays on basic human fears. It moves at a good pace, though it is not an action movie at all. The climax was good, and it seemed to be a good way to get rid of things, and the warning that you were wrong with genetics seems to be even more important today than it must be then, maybe Flender knew something we were others did not. On the lower side, there are some exploitative elements, and there is a dialogue focusing on a film that is mostly focused on one person, so he can sometimes get a little dull. I also have to mention what Erath was that the raven black skateboarding dwarf all about eh ?! Director Flender does work OK, The Unborn is by far the most stylish or visually interesting film at all but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there's enough tension, like what Virginia has inside her and Dr. Meyerling's ominous plans are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointment is blood and the gore almost does not exist, which causes the film to shoot because in the retrospect nothing really unforgettable will be born, The Unborn relies on good narration stories, which is ok but in the week I doubt that I remember so much . Technically, the movie is fine, I imagine the Unenoden had a relatively low budget, but it's good, though it's a bit dim and forgetful. A childlike creature is in fact a decent special effect and has a fairly realistic facial movement. Acting is good and this was one of the first works to be attributed to Friends (1994-2004) star Lisa Kudrow, I must be honest I do not like Friends & I do not even know who she is in, so she can not tell you how she did it. Unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be more known and seen, it is much better than a lot of low budget bulls. If your horror fan is looking for something slightly different, something slightly smarter and more thoughtful than usual, I think you could do much worse than The Unborn. It followed the stupid sequel of The Unborn II (1994), which I watched right after, check my reviews if you want ..
