WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILS (but not really - read on). Oh, there are so many reasons to fully exploit this spoof of gems that they will not have a place where everyone could bring them. The initial credits set up a playful scene with the late 1950s cartoon photos; the charming theme of Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo, which seems curiously unreliable (but his wink is unmistakable and no one else did); including the well-known cast, including Kathy Najimi all year before she was hit by Actors 1 and 2 by Nurse and Teri Hatcher of TV Superman. Each scene is impregnated with shallow injustices that appear to various actors, actresses, and actresses on daily television. Searching for these people's careers is just a justification for an old-fashioned, delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this rebellious spoof, which plays as a problem with MAD, but it is a gift for us in the audience. Some clichés of the characters are somewhat dark, but they all have a high jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is a permanent distinction of lead, nicknamed "America's Sweetheart". The Daily Emmies-like award opens to us featuring the Celeste show, The Sun Also Sets. Against all vain fears of the opposite, Celeste wins again. She's excited because it's always "such real excitement": "Adam, did you look? I won ... Well, nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the justification of the whole conspiracy, and we are immediately on a trip with Celeste's neuroses . She cries, shakes and raises her hands for the rest of the film, while her hairdresser Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly banging Celeste, unseen by Celeste's paranoia mist) longs for Tammy Faye Baker, for which Tawnee actually hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) saw it all before. She is the main writer of the show, and she and Celeste have been among the great support networks for 15 years. So when Celeste is a monster, Rosie will offer her six months: "We just say that Maggie has visited the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "" Then, another lama, Fernando Lamas, come on! "Such a sloping line must be rather disturbed by the still-living actress Lorenzo Lamas, the son of Fernando Lamas (1982), who remembers Economics Teacher (Ben Steina) on Ferris Bueller Off (1986) when calling the call Bueller Bueller Bueller), will have the secret pleasure of seeing him again as a writer of nitwit, and other well-hidden members include Garry Marshall (real-life Mr. Happy Days and Penny's) who will "pay $ 1.2 million, "The Sun Also Sets - She says she definitely likes" peppy and cheap "and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is" a bitch. "Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is a" supper with a spoon " and by the way) the theater dinner actor has now rescued David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr) from his hell and brought back to the same show that has been preserved since 20 years earlier. temporary screenwriters represent some logical challenges because of its genus Rod Randall should be before all these years relegated. Somehow they deal with logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson will perform choo-choo. Celeste can only get worse now and her trick through the Washington Bridge is already helping. First of all, her hands shake when she tries to put her mascara, but soon she goes to the stalker. Unfortunately, he can not get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey was promised to develop his one-man play about Hamlet, and to keep the producer of this promise. "I do not want to go back to Florida!" Geoffrey says. "You're trying to play Willie Loman in front of lots of old fart eating meat!" And actually seeing Geoffrey's dinner theatrical lifestyle among all hocking and accidents is cheerful. Return to Florida in his thick suit Willie Loman in his room, Geoffrey Anderson accustomed to being called on stage like "Mr. Loman." He was forced to spill any cockroach that was entangled on the television by a shoe, and used a pliers instead of a broken analogue channel changer. Now he found himself as a wonderful surgeon who dated from Laurie Craven. so he will not leave. Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) rounds off an amazing ensemble cast that all makes the fantastic work of those who know very well stereotypes. Of course, the direction of true love never went smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) begins to impatiently wait for her star to rise, and desperately trying to advertise. Will Celeste set his nerve or kill Tawnee first? Is the producer getting Mr. Fuzzy? - You just have to watch * the other half * of this absolutely sweet, falsely malicious rebellion. And you will really have to believe how short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without glasses living outside of TelePrompter. If you are not in the stitch of stomach-laughing laughs and tears rubbing your face, do not hesitate to ask your money back for renting videos. Soapdish (1991) is a remarkable jewel that you will have to see over and over again, because it's not often that the movie can be so rich with so many cheerful lines. This is a very well-crafted humor, almost everything written. Matching Blazing Saddles (1974) for dizzying apoplexic value, albeit otherwise different. Watch and cry. A happy resource for someone's video addiction. 10 out of 10.
