A couple of years back I bought (and enjoyed) a DVD with double function MGM from two films Kolchak TV, NIGHT STALKER (1971) and NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the universal series of another TV series came out, I intended to buy it instantly - but the rumors about playback problems with dreaded DVD-18s prevented me from adding to my collection; I recently booked online, which consisted of lots of discounted Universal Boxes and decided to pick up KOLCHAK 3-Discer. <br /> <br /> When I watched it now, I can safely say that I'm not talking about making this beloved (if short-lived) crime / horror series one of them: it can follow a standardized formula - penetrating and inventive journalist Carl Kolchak, greatly played by Darren McGavin, gets in hair with everyone with his Oakland attitude, long-suffering colleagues, diverse authoritarian characters, lots of monsters and villains) faces, of course, the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat, pushing to keep his story under - but the winner (another enhanced by an impressive set of guest stars and remarkable backstage experiences), which shows entertainment. <br /> <br /> This means that the quality differs from one episode to the other, and the modest budgets have provided them with results in makeup and make-up effects that sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, a werewolf in uniform input and alligator creation in the last last installment) - not to mention that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended to trigger family consumption rather prevents the simplified and healthy rendering of his often interesting psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of a werewolf, he never again saw a bite to anyone but a rather foolish way just throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the hero is a cynical narrative, he draws a lot of fantasy drawings, there is a good dose of comedic relief in each episode (often, but not exclusively, turning around McGavin's relationship with either Oakland or Geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to talk about a reasonable atmosphere (largely Chicago setting) and tension. For even more enjoyable equestrian training, Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> The records met (but did not always beat) Kolchak in the whole series: Jack The Ripper animated, various cults (voodoo, native american, aztec), aliens, vampire, werewolf (passes his familiar concept by , that he has this episode on a sailboat!), Doppelganger, satanist, monster of creation, power stack, robot, apeman, witch, motorcyclist, succubus, knight armor with his own murderous life (episode with the best escort - John Dehner as captain Morose Police Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) A crocodile. Some actors (other than players who play Kolčak's collaborators) will return in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law officers), John Fiedler (as a smart morgue) and Richard Kiel as two different nemesis heroes. If I had been pressed to pick out the most beautiful episodes (most fun), I leaned on HORROR IN HEIGHTS (together with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the above-mentioned LIFE - while the weakest (for the reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on the story created by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set does not contain any add-ons: it would be nice to see the scenario discussing the numerous concepts that were dealt with in the KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER, such as putting the series into a context in which television was in its original broadcast, or even suggesting the sustained influence it had on the seemingly endless run of the science fiction series popular today. Kolchak himself - in a much younger and seemingly darker form - returned in 2005 with a revival; this version is available at my local DVD store ... but for various reasons I'm not sure I would like to see it so soon after 1974-5!
