There are two different ways to enjoy this remarkably significant TV show ("godfather" on X and Buffy files, etc.); as a non-traditional show (I was afraid when I was a child!), or as a well written / performing rubber band / film noir. Works on both levels. Pain may have worsened over the years (it happened in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised to see the show again (via DVD) that I really enjoy it for the last reasons. Late Darren McGavin IS Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, furious journalist / monster hunter who always finds a supernatural angle in search of a story; to the pain of Kolchak's upset boss Tony Vincenza (who, with the enormous amazement of Simon Oakland, played a huge fatigue in the world, you can practically feel the pain of his startling ulcers!). Mutual interplay between these characters is cracking and funny (just like Spock and McCoy in STAR TREK, much more acidic!). During two pilot television films and one season series, Kolchacki fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens, and ancient legends (it sounds like a 9-year run of X! And Kolcak did it first! As for Gil Melle, it's a great and somewhat whispering masterpiece called ... well, file creator X Chris Carter calls the title of Mike Snow title (very similar) as "a tribute." Both topics work well; leave it to it. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi performances, most KOLCHAK monsters are shown in shadow and in a quick cut (effectively and sometimes fortunately, as some of them do not maintain modern control, but some still do). Modern horror show note: Less is more! One of the few flaws in the show (and it is small) is the excessive use of sunny, California locations through the windy Chicago city. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for an exhibition based on a small budget, L.A. And some of the supportive figures seem to fall into what they are (now) considered to be clichés (effeminate reporter, Ron Updike, always used for comic relief, sweet, old lady / counselor Emily). But they all have their moments glowing (NOT a lot of supporting television characters, because they're cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a template for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a television show of horror genre (agent Mulder's REAL tat). And as a footnote, I tried to watch several episodes of new, "re-present" shows. Is it a clone of X files (copy of copy?). And bad. Carl Kolchak is now a model-nice, angsty 30-something (played horribly boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully type partner is also a poor idea; undermines Kolcak as a solitary crusader Don Quixote! And Kolcak and Vincenzo are getting ready? Where is the tension? Interplay? The fact that they chose to hang the name KOLCHAK on this perverse piece is a great example of how NOT to make a remake: Take your beloved series of cults, scratch all that is unique, let go of all the character and color name You need to believe the cult!) And voilà ! Immediate re-hash! Gets "F" in "Re-Imaginings 101"! This new version revived the ax! Stick with a short-lived but classic original. He is really improving with age.
