When originally screened in America in 1972, "The Night Stalker" became the highest rating for T.V. film in history. Based on the unpublished Jeff Rice novel, it was told how unscrupulous investigative reporter Carl Kolchak (late Darren McGavin) discovered the existence of a vampire in modern Las Vegas. When he came to British television four years later, it did not have the same impact, but my friends talked about it at school on Monday morning, just like me. We all agreed that it was one of the most interesting things we saw. <br /> <br /> I did not know about the existence of "The Night Strangler" until it appeared nearly ten years later. I.T.V., who screened the films "Kolchak", apparently decided to hand over the spin-off series; they felt that "Barnaby Jones" plays Buddy Ebsen being more draw and anyway, viewers could confuse 'Kolchak' with 'Kojak'! This year's only source of information about the show was an article in the Fangoria magazine. I could not even buy the novels of Jeff Risek. Then something beautiful happened. In 1990 B.B.C-2 performed as part of a Friday night series dedicated to the supernatural "Mystery Train," organized by Richard O'Brien. "Kolchak" found himself in three places with "The Brain Eaters" and "Earth Vs. The Spider". Initial titles were cut, Colchak's whistle and final credits ... Well, it was none. The first episode was screened as "The Werewolf". I can not say I was overwhelmed, but I stuck and I'm glad I did it! I really wish I could see it in 1974. My twelve-year-old I would adore it. Horrifying, funny, exciting, it's no wonder he fired the imagination of Chris Carter. <br /> <br /> The greatest benefit of the show was, of course, McGavin. Unlike the recent Kolcak, the original personality, eccentrically dressed, was somewhat conservative. It was supernatural, what "Columbo" was a crime. Late Simon Oakland was also great as Kolchak's bad boss Tony Vincenzo. The scripts overflowed with a wonderful, dry joke. I found out that I'm looking forward to more humor content than horror. When twenty episodes ended, I felt relieved. The "X Files" came a few years later and filled the emptiness - but only to the extent. I wanted to go back to Kolcak and Vincent. I'm glad the show has never been revived. Without Oakland it would not be the same. <br /> <br /> I have Rice books and I read them several times. I was very surprised when Stephen King designed the first (in his book Danse Macabre) because he is as good as everything he wrote. <br /> <br /> Well, so some monsters were barely state-of-the-art, but so what? The new "Kolčák" completely neglected the point of the original. What you do not see is sometimes more scary than what you do ... Best Episode - "Horror in Heights" Worst Episode - "Sentry"
