I loved KOLCHÁK: NIGHT STALKER since I saw it at night, which was premiered on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that at that time looked terrifying and the great music from Gil Melle (hey, where are the musicians? I was thinking about what makes this show for me so completely, and finally I came to the conclusion that the reason it takes for many others not to do it is one simple, important element that has almost no other scary show It seems that And when Carl Kolchak begins to discover a special situation, he reacts like most people, finds them strange and how danger approaches, fear is, even though he knows he has to go forward to try to defeat any threat he shows in the episode, it is rare that he is brave enough to stand up against some supernatural force. hanging around or waiting in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes it seems to be surprised that we managed to defeat the enemy like us. In one episode he finds a monster in a canal, but when he sees it for the first time, he runs to get out, but he's so reluctantly trapped, he has to come back and defend himself. It's heroic because he's willing to do things that most of us do not, but that does not mean he's probably not going to do anybody else instead. He's an ordinary person, he's doing work and trying to make money, not a monster hunter. It just packs into things that concern the supernatural of interest, but no longer wants to be wounded or killed any more than any of us. If his plan to defeat the creature does not work, you will often see him run all his life to get out of it, which of course I have in the situation. That's why I've often watched the culmination of shows through my fingers as a child. Kolchak was nice and you took care of him if something happened to him. You were frightened for him and other characters. Producers and writers apparently knew that someone can create a monster, scary music and direct a thrilling scene, but it's all unnecessary if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason why the show lasted only in the season was because he was getting tired of making a "monster of the week" and decided to continue. I can tell you that I mourned when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult, I see why it can not continue this formula for a long time. I still love 20 episodes and two movies that played McGavin as a crazy, determined and brutal, but good news reporter for INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I really doubt that someone who makes shows or movies will really understand why I loved the show. They are not monsters, dark lighted sets, spooky music or noisy guest stars, even though they are all important components. The secret of success is here in the title - "Kolčak: Noční Stalker". Without Carl Kolchak's cute and humble McGavin care about prey and care, then it's just not Night Stalker.
