It's hard to watch this movie without thinking about the TV show that's going to happen, especially if it happens to me that your TV program will enjoy more. But for the source there is a lot. <br /> <br /> Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a top athlete in New York who lives in an eight-member apartment, a divorce man and his own stubborn idea. Enter your friend, Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon), who needs a place to live after his wife has tossed out his hard-working mood. The result is the wreck of the train and one of Neil Simon's most popular film adaptations. <br /> <br /> The first thing is first: I love the apartment! Poker table, new board, photos from baseball players, empty booze and beer containers, even a few Roman posts. It is a place where men can be boys. Simon and director Gene Saks are doing a great job that opens one set of Scene Oscars in the living room by shifting the action into the bedrooms and the kitchen and increasing the tension between Oscar and Felix with more horns to rebound. <br /> <br /> The famous stamp of Neal Hefti has been heard on a television show, but never so much in harmony as it is here, in several different configurations, which make the action on the screen rise when it's played. The actual location and night shots in Manhattan give the movie a common energy to the movies filmed in this place and time ("Buddwing", "The World of Henry Orient", "Midnight Cowboy", "Manchurian Candidate", "Rosemary's Baby" etc.) are Lemmon and Matthau too heavy compared to Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? In order to make the film fair, it should be a more serious matter that deals with the unusual state of divorce in the middle of life and the frustration associated with being unable to establish a relationship. Simon has more to do with Felix and Oscar in "Password" or the battle for reason with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... Lemmon and Matthau were amazing comedians who are mainly looking in the middle of this film, how often I do in their own films, but I never understood why they were considered a great comedy team. Here, in his best respected partnership, he has two different films; Lemmon in comedy and Matthau in chaos. Matthau is great at the beginning, enchanting us with his teddy bear around the poker table, but at the end of the film he resembles Jack Torrance in "The Shining," responding to Felix cleaning up his apartment and serving delicious food to his friends in a way that completely disrupts delicate balance of guilt. While the end is bothering me, the part that many see as the most damaging, beginning, works well as I see it. Watching Felix trying to kill is not a great comedy, no, but it's a good way to get into a great comedy that brings us to real-world pain before it brings warmth and laughter. (And it has great shots about the more tight parts of the city.) In the middle of the film this scene could be a wrong calculation, but it works as a way to create Felix's suffering and a sense of sharp relief to see that Oscar and his poker friends quarrel and fight . That's where Simon's lines are so great. They are the basic force of the film. He gets a scam just right and right, and yet it makes funny. "I do not mind you talking, Felix. You have something to say, what makes me afraid I'm beginning to listen." The TV show has shown how bad it is to assume that the film is always better, in fact, the TV show once did something "to assume" at all, but the film makes a solid foundation and is in itself a joy.
