It must be, hands down, hats gone, one of the most cruel comedies ever made. Beginning with animated blows, climbing bubbles, entry into daily awards, routine fake disgrace starred on a red carpet, tried and badly accepted acceptance speech, poisonous notes told by actor jealous stars and producers, under false smiles. Now it's only in the first few minutes. Then hell breaks out of it and only furiously and smoother. Good joy, no, I'm doing it great. It was the first time I ever saw the charming Teri Hatcher. Even though I may not be a follower of desperate housewives, it's always observable - the same goes for Lois & Clark. He's not a huge supporter, but when I hit the episode, I'm looking at it. Robert Downey, Jr., makes a big change as a slimy, stinking, gray, sykofant David Seaton Barnes, producer who gives his right eye to see Celeste Talbert from Sally Field, left the show, eventually with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead . <br /> <br /> Moriarty is absolutely shining in this movie, just like she wherever she appeared. Here is the only thing he has to do when he shouts, "I hate you, how I hate you, that you are troubled!" or I will make a social smile to one of her conspirators against Celeste, and she leaves me in the aisles. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very gifted actress and it's a comic hell. Sally Field graciously deviates from the regular 70MM Tragedy Life Week, and we all remember why she is today when she started worrying about the comedy. The subsequent years of the drama concealed a sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a puppy, a brilliant comedy she had once blossomed and was delighted to see her as joyful as she did. The thing with dramatic actors and actresses is that you see in such serious, serious roles that you associate them with their nature and you can not believe it when you see them finally having some fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How happy were the producers who landed Carrie Fisher, whether for the celebrated actress only. He does not realize what presence he has on the screen. She has a role that could be easily forgotten in the hands of a minor actress, but she has a character and she seems to have written herself. How lucky Elisabeth Shue got in the middle of it all! She was not very well known at the time. Adventures in Babysitting were a little cute (yes, I was dragged to the evening show for which I had to pay the full price), but she paid no attention - - a lot. But here, she uses her characters as a stellar niece who falls in love with the star of a former star and a lover who, of course, turns out to be the niece's father, and the star turns out to be a poor girl's mother. <br /> <br /> I'm going to stop there - I feel I've practically written a book about this brilliant comedy or at least a novel. If you saw it, then you remember. If it is not, you have missed the real classic, but not really. The DVD is made of material that will last for at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so what the hell.
