Bill Crain is rarer than the rare 'slasher' film certainly does not follow the standard stopwatch and slash instructions that have become so crucial to his counterparts. Bogeyman this time uses grenades and hand guns as well as amazing numbers of nearby weapons; - a sin that is virtually unacceptable in most genre pieces after Halloween. But there is still enough familiarity so that Slasher fans can not handle the rules book check, and the conspiracy never seems too much of the way you expected. Just as the surprisingly decent 554 Wally Koz was apparently associated with the help of various members of his family, it seems that Mirage was a joint production from a related director. Looking at the credits, I noticed the series of "Crains" listed in key positions throughout the construction. But despite the relatively good distribution around the world, the film did not impress on both sides of the Atlantic and has now become almost a phantom of the VHS market. But it just made it appeal to me even more so I tightened my means to track down the copy? <br /> <br /> Everything is happening in the middle of a dessert, which, as I'm sure you agree, is a pivotal place. But with that, I have to admit that there will certainly be no chance that some mysterious John John Laws will unexpectedly appear. Four undeniably beautiful youngsters set off into the sand for a night of excitement and anger, which always seems to be troubled by the murderous maniacs in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet New Happy Hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) at the camp with changes in the dunes of the wilderness. Greg's elder brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his Bambi girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) will soon appear to join these seekers in their search for the grave. Kyle got used to Chris before his younger brother got rid of the freedom of stealing his squeeze? something Kyle does not seem to want to forget. Sounds like a motive for a massacre? What did you expect? Previously uninvited, someone driving a truck with tinted windows will join the assembly with a unique set of tricks on the sleeve. Will any of the children survive to turn to the sequel? <br /> <br /> I have had trouble keeping track of all the information about this feature. Do not even know if Bill Crain is aka William Crain? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear on official filmography, so your estimate is just as good as me. Judging by the trustworthy work behind the camera, I must say that it is hard to believe that this is the debut of a man without previous movie experience. The film is stylishly photographed with outstanding work by DP Michael Crain and the director boasts a credible talent for building tensions when necessary. Christopher Biggs' gore FX are imaginatively created and threatening and pathetic to the sleepy head at the BBFC, who inexplicably let UNCUT pass it for the usually strict 18 ratings. Several murders are really meaningless. One guy gets into his throat in the sand before he enters the grenade, while the other ends literally without a leg after losing a string battle and picking up a truck! There is also some black humor, which is definitely unintentional. We spent most of the features when they only saw the killer's boots as they stepped out of his car and the cubs ran down. But when he revealed that he was reminiscent of Keanu Reeves about Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not know what to expect. Luckily, Crain knows exactly how to keep things spooky and the showdown is particularly passionate as a psycho taunt by Chris sadistically. There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast. Divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job as a hero and B.G. Steers draws its rock dementia with gentleness. Casting wisely picked some of the most beautiful women ever to be killed in piano, and gratitude did not come at the cost of potential. Soundtrack works well to create a desolate atmosphere of isolation that is carefully handled by a director who was to be signed and fed by Hollywood bigwigs. Watch out for the excellent nightmare sequence that is really a horror movie to the poorest. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle, which was somewhat unfortunate that the year of the boom that was placed between the Slasher Elite is missing. If you think it was only seven casts and a truck, you have to say they are doing a damn good job. These errors are numerous, but they never compromise the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you've probably got a better chance of finding liquid gold in your coffee cup than you ever would have seen a copy of. If you see it is in the dust at the top of your local video store, do not forget to pick it up. Recommended.
