The original film, The Odd Couple, has some amazing comic unicorns. The whole world seems to be famous for the story of Felix Ungar's neurotic pure spectator and the humorous, unpleasant, dazzling Oscar Madison. This grid of inappropriate roommates has created one of the most successful television series of all time, as well as countless, not so good imitations. Odd Couple has some fabulous jokes about an Oscar apartment and his loose habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his buddies in poker asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" These are either very new cheeses or very old meat! "I also like the Oscar refrigerator line:" It was an extraordinary order for two weeks, I saw milk that was not even in the bottle! "That the fact that Walter Matthau is Oscar Madison is a joy to watch on the screen is almost as good as Jack Klugman's version of the TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is Felix Ungar of Jack Lemmon, a very sincere effort on the role The problem is that Felix makes him so depressing and humiliating that he becomes more annoying than comical. "Tony Randall's performance in the series brought Felix the character of humor, warmth and sensitivity that Lemmon's portrait lacks. Tony Felix Unger could have been annoying for some time. But in the TV series, it was about the specific situation where the trouble was needed in the story. Jack Felix Ungar, (note different spelling) in the movie, seems never to be happy, entertaining or intercourse. Felix Ungar is a roommate who always takes you out of the wall. <br /> <br /> The movie still has great moments that resist the test of time, the "famous" fight with the meat is one of the greatest scenes ever! One of the other great examples of Felix's "little notes" on the Oscar pillow will always be remembered. However, there are some darker sites where Oscar goes over the top, his "cry" near the end after Felix portrays, and the scene involving Felix's Linguine Dinner (though lightened by the funny line.) It seems depressed rather than comic. br /> <br /> Maybe not enough time to see the lighter side of these characters that made the series so memorable in the movie. The start of 20 minutes is very boring. The same problem occurs with Felix's interview with Pidgeon Sisters. The end of the movie is predictable and too pathetic. There is little care or compassion for each of them. As a result, the darker side of the film leads to depression and anger rather than comedy unless you see the great scenes described above. It seems Jack Lemmon is a monotonous persona of Felix, bringing the film down, rather than expanding or hugging a comedy among the characters. It really took the 1970s in TV series to make The Odd Couple the best it could be. The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
