Some of the best movies, which are categorized as "comedies," actually blur between comedy and drama. "Perfect" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", which were also produced in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they a comedy with a dramatic undertone or dramas with great humor? In many ways "The Odd Couple" falls into the same category as comedy, yet very dramatic, with deep foundations of human nature. Much of what's going on can be fun to the audience, but the characters are not laughing. Despite the rather light TV show of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just a pure guy and a chaotic man who are forced to live together because of their marital situation. In fact, they are two opposites that have to face up to why their marriage collapsed and how their extraordinary idiosyncrasies revealed themselves outside their marriage. The finesse, the character of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon perfectly occupied) and the confusion, the character of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are just beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we find that there is much more to these men than pureness versus mess. In short, the story is about Felix Ungar, who has to face the approaching divorce from his wife Francis, whom he has never met, but is an important character throughout the story. On the brink of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: in the Oscar Madison apartment, where a group of poker comrades come together. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club," but the group knows what's going on and tries to help in an inappropriate way. Madison is the best way to help Ungar to let him move with him until his suicidal tendencies are exhausted. Sadly, Madison does not know what he's getting. Madison is lucky lucky-lucky when it's rather irresponsible slob, which was cleaned in the past by the fridge when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to catch the moldy cheese and stick them between two pieces of bread, and then throw the contents of the chips on the table. On the other hand, enjoys booze and women, in short, has a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not entirely different, it is diametrically opposed. It's not just the obsessive eye that has more pleasure in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but knows more than most women about cooking and fine meals. At one point, he calls his ex-wife not to talk about reconciliation but to prepare a meat recipe. At another moment, Ungar spent the rest of the evening cabbage cutting. When Madison appears to be unbeatable, Ungar finally admits he's just doing it as a roommate because he can not become a coleslaw. Who is this guy? But he has another cute feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He possessed his health to the point where he made strange sounds in public places and claimed to help his voices. He seems to have all the medical conditions in the book. And if they came out more, Felix would probably have them. Eventually, he is too banned. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie are links to marriage. At one point when Madison tries to convince Ungar to learn, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But they know little about being the right guy who could not deal with a chaotic guy, but on the contrary. Their friendship becomes an unintentional hellish relationship. And climax comes when Oscar calls two lonely British sisters to combine with comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and should not be omitted, with outstanding performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better played by someone else. It is unfortunate that writing this caliber is sadly missing from most of the comedies that are being made today.
