It's more that you can offer when opening The Odd Couple than in most of the films. Felix Unger (the monogram of the poor man even curses him) controls the hotel in New York. The cleaning lady says, "Good night." "Goodbye," he said back. In his room he empties his pockets and then tries to pick up the wedding ring just to put the items neatly in the envelope addressed to his wife and beloved children. When the viewer finally puts it together? aha, he is going away from each other? we see him trying to open the window? oh no, will he jump? Poor wounded his lower back. Is that all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife has left him, is more compulsive, and he's a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the special comedy genius of Neil Simon? it is a situation and a character. Are there any obvious physical jokes? no kicks in the loins, no cheap gag? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And of course he is the master of manipulating the expectations of the audience. Comes from the Swingers era, imagine what I thought at the date when Felix started denying the breakup of her marriage with the girls that his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get to his apartment. It blows out, does not it? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, the ability to cry in front of them. He invites him back to his place because his meat burns out because he did not pay enough attention to the Oscar. It's like Flynn, is not it? Yes, but he does not want to go with girls because he feels vulnerable. Great things. And it's even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the beautiful eight-room suite. You got Jack Lemmon and slats, Walter Matthau pouches for Chrissakes, why are you doing this? The visual style reminded me of Tiffany's breakfast, the great effect of which is the great depth of field and the interplay between different levels of action. Especially unforgettable is the scene in which Felix, who is leaving Oscar, closes the section just to realize that the section does not cover the Oscar side. You get a real sense of arrangement of the apartment and therefore the proximity in which two divorces live. Twist here is that these two are really married? each other. So, knowledge of married life, which could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy, is all the more uncomfortable because they are two guys.
