I do not think I really gave Walter Matthau his maturity as a comedic artist. Surely he was gorgeous in a lot of respectable roles, but I think I've always made his success on his ugly and ruthless character, an unpleasant contrast to the spectacular personality of his frequent star Jack Lemmon, and I think it's a natural extension of his earlier work in dramatic films . Watching Gene Saks' 'The Odd Couple (1968)', adapted from the popular Neil Simon play, suddenly knocked down: Matthau is, in and of itself, totally cheerful! At first, the audience struck as dirty, rough and generally uninterested, his Oscar Madison eventually succeeds in reaching out to our hearts and culminating in a horribly distorted confession of emotions that Matthau calls out in a voice that is not entirely his own. At the same time, while holding his own as a comic, his co-starring with Lemmon is, of course, pitch-perfect; the film really belongs to both actors who have never sunk the screen of the movies themselves, let alone together. <br /> <br /> He remembered Billy Wilder's screenplay, "Flat (1960), this comedy by Neil Simon is about a rather morbid premise." Compulsive house-cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), who was just released by his wife for twelve years, trying to commit suicide, but unsuccessfully abandoning the idea after trying to open the hotel window, determined to come to the house of a good friend of Oscar (Matthau), a divorce who lives alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches (which may contain either very new cheeses or very old meat!) Oscar lovingly offers Felix a place to stay but will soon be amazed by his friend's fine personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness The pair make up an extraordinary kind of marriage arrangement when Felix took on the role of the effeminate and constantly angry wife and Oscar as a disobedient husband who is constantly returning home later than he anticipates This is a marriage that barely lasts for three weeks, and we can totally sympathize with Felix's former wife, who remains invisible. "Special Couple" is an amazing comedy, especially because he has a lot of hearts. For all their arguments, it is obvious that both roommates have a lot of affection for each other, most seen when Felix tries to run into a furious tirade, instead of? perhaps unintentionally? End to inform Oscar how "tops" he's. Four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also constantly looking around for some obscure harassment, but you can not deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Félix, as if nothing had happened to him, perhaps theoretically good sound, but perhaps ignored, was not the right solution to Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular theater plays {I was recently disappointed with Wilder's "The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, the film simply does not threaten the same chord, and the relationship between these two people is gradually developing tears, laughter and disagreement.
