In the 1930s, studios would use short films as this kind of testing for new actors, given their fairly easy production compared to feature-length feature films, so it is interesting that Shirley Temple, who has long since established itself as the most famous child star of all times. And then she probably was not tested, I suppose it would be Frank Coghlan Jr., who played Shirley's brother Sonny in the film and gave a less impressive performance. Again, the 9-year-old Shirley's Temple apparently was not a simple escort. The film opens with a surprise eye that features a leaky ceiling that I think was designed to have Shirley Temple look scornfully on the ceiling, illustrating the status of the working class family in the movie and providing a clear transition to another scene that Shirley positively poses stomping in the rain. It's Sonny's birthday and his father makes occasional and scary attempts to hide the fact that he wants to give Sonny a dog that really wants for himself, but Sonny is afraid of dogs because he bit him once and was ever dragged out ever since. He is curious that if his father insists on getting a dog, Sonny decides to run away from home rather than have a dog in the house, and when he goes away without a goal, he is also curious that the film illustrates what seems to be indifference to the homeless, which overcomes the overwhelming indifference that exists today. <br /> <br /> Sonny passes through a man cooking the bacon in the iron pan on the side of the train tracks (right after the train, 'given how close he was, would you think the guy would go straight out of the line but without whatever). After Sonny surrenders to sharing breakfast because of the frantic view he has received from his fellow a cheerful smile, he goes on and the homeless disappears from the movie. It is interesting to think about what would make a longer movie because this poor man leaves as a free end. Not that it matters, Sonny soon hears the dog screaming under the skeleton as she goes through it and jumps down and finds the dog that is in the beard. It may seem sad that he immediately took the dog up and received him from the moment he just left home because of his fear of dogs, but it seemed to me that he just reminded him that his power over the dog, but their lack of power over him. Once he sees the dog in need, he overcame his fear. Hey, if it's all I need, I just have to find a helpless spider and I'm ready! <br /> <br /> It's a very comfortable movie in which everything works just as it is, but it's pretty cute and pleasant enough (and so short) to make it fun. We do not expect an epic plot in a 19-minute film, but Pardon My Pups is still running in a great deal of story and character development shortly. And it also includes a fighting scene at the end of the movie, which Charlie Chaplin had to make proud of. I'm hardly an expert on Shirley Temple films, but it's not hard to see how she has become the most famous child of all time.
