I got this movie from my cousin in Norway and I had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copy video. Compared to this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Fight for Heavy Water) reveals the saboteurs themselves and plays their part, although players play the role of saboteurs who, due to their lives in Norwegian struggle freedom in later campaigns. This site is in four languages: Norwegian along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this history was what led to the fight. French scientists were interested in getting about two hundred pounds of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemorka to return to France to conduct a laboratory study of their effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were afraid that the Nazis could soon enter Norway, and thanks to secret codes, their man carefully avoided Nazi spies on their way to Oslo, where he received heavy water and returned it without obstacles. There were two spies watching him, but they did not see him on the other side, where he crossed the asphalt to another plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked with the use of an airplane as a bait, which the Nazis later forced them into Hamburg. However, the invasion of Norway in the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro, and it was on the Norwegian underground and British news in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad voluntarily offered the service of eleven young Norwegians; "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups, which could successfully sabotage heavy water production at Vemork. This was explained in detail on how they actually did the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to take heavy water to rail cars in Berlin. the film was fair, although there were a lot of clutches in the movie. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
