It sounds a bit unpleasant when we call the movie about war and the Holocaust as shocking because many of us will know only very well the horrors that bring war and violence. Using the adjective "shocking" I have no intention of suggesting that I am surprised at what I was telling in this film or that I did not know it before, it is just amazed by how this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly terrible it is killing each other, either with or without reason. The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never win Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent overhead, but her acting is solid and has a huge charisma. She plays very well like Hanna, and she immediately has our sympathy. Her very beautiful help looks obvious, but it has nothing to do with being a good actress and playing a good role. Some inconsistencies still occur in the Hannae War. Sometimes I got the idea of ​​director Menah Golan (often contempt for Gianni Versace's murder) was in a hurry and should actually allow several others to take on the scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful to have filmed this impressive film, which is provocative, and because I'm very positive about it, I think he did well. The other half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. He focuses on Hannah's misery (beware of the horrifying portrayal of Donald Pleasant of the cruel and sardonic Captain Rosa) and intensely shows the injustice and the horror that comes with hatred and violence and war. I know that Hanna's war, especially the second half, is a powerful anti-war movie, and that's what Golan deserves. It is also the second half of Maruschka Detmer's talent and creates a figure that becomes one of the most talking, powerful and tragic images in the history of the film. It's also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose looks and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who, like she was alive and occupied, would equally contribute to the Hannae's war. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the second half, and the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news, has led to a number of scenes that show something so unexpected, so thorough and poetic in my tragedy that I was thinking like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again that it was not a fiction, it all happened, I found even more tears. The image of Hanna depicted by Maruska Detmers will be in my mind forever.
