This film captures a lot of flakes, but it is usually based on a horribly looking and covered / clad version of the film that played American television and was also released to death on VHS and DVD to buy companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. This movie never had a theatrical release in states, although it was picked up by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain at that time when there was nudity involved, the filmmakers shot two versions, one with clothing and one with out. The fully-backed English dubbed export press was called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and appears to have been released to home video only in Sweden in the 1980s. This can be found on Ebay and the like and is highly recommended. My guess is that Avco shot it for the release of R, which never happened. In 1974 he released Avco to a television called FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this television print. Trimming 12 years later and FURY OF WOLFMAN will appear on the home video on the Charter label. This version looks like what Avco has released in 73. It's an uncovered version, with some nudity that would never have gone on TV or PG. On the Charta tab there are several scenes that play with nudity that are dressed in television printing (the source for all dollar dollars and VHS). But the comparison with the completely obscure WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes are cut out on this version! (The spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene where Ilona Waldermara binds against the wall and whips it after she has turned into a werewolf is incomplete. After whipping, he begins to take off his clothes and begins to love the werewolf !!! The Werewolf also responds positively to these sexual seizures. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delirious treatment. It's not graphic, but implicit bestiality was too big for the American audience, or more likely the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not own it, so her whole plan helps control Waldermara's wife and involve her in the affair. She wanted to destroy his marriage, and she proves it while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, the werewolf returns, but it does not slow it down. If she can not physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. It also helps explain the later scene where the werewolves lie with a woman when she is hiding naked before her bedtime through her window. This scene is presented without nudity in a covered version and really does not make sense. In the uncut version, Ilona seems to have the affection that the werewolf is horny and needs release and therefore rape the first woman she can escape. The second cut is the complete Waldemar scene in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar scene in the bedroom was removed from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE WOMAN). But the film has its own problems, of course. The director was drunk, a bad state for a werewolf in points, a bad English dubbing, the sequencing of the first film Waldemar MARK OF THE WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR and the grotesque overuse of the musical score of this film throughout, etc. But seen in its original widescreen format and vague (WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the wildest and most outrageous of the Danish werewolf series, with a conspicuous part unparalleled in everything except a kitchen sink. A trimmed / clad pan and full-screen scan from this movie will not allow it, and unfortunately this is a version that almost everyone commented on the movie. The film bears copyright in 1970 and I assume that the 1972 release date for IMDb is incorrect. The film was preceded by WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE WOMAN) in series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF WOLFMAN is inserted directly into the WEREWOLF SHADOW hole and provides concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately, a full version of this article will never have a decent release. The perfect edition would be a vague English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dabing seriously hurts the movie. But any Spanish language version would reflect the covert version, as shown in Spain during the French era, where nudity was a verboten.
