Sometimes someone writes an essay comparing the "Fury of the Wolfman" Paula Naschy with the great Spanish surreal films "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The film Naschy is a masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved and ate their hearts when they saw that someone with such obvious lightness did what they had to get out of the brain to get out of. The film lacks a cohesive structure, although it has a plot that ranges from point A to point B to point C. Some mishmash about "Professor Walterman" - his first name, you think - who was bred by the Yeti monster during the expedition to Tibet and was not the same from at that time, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy daughter of famous Dr. Wolfstein, knows his condition and reveals that his wife cheats him. But his setting for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner animal. "Walterman" flies out, turns into a werewolf, kills a couple of people, wounds, dies, is buried, into a chateau full of circus noble people attached to various machines, encapsulated by various electronic effects, injected with strong elixirs, is altered, a woman in evening dress with a whip of Nazi fetishes, escapes, helps a pretty woman to find her way out of the castle, avoids circus monsters with a combat ax, eventually returns to the werewolf and has to fight until death against the incarnation of a female werewolf their cheating women. The lady with Nazi boots shoots him with the silver balls from the Luger gun, they die together and the handsome doctor leaves in the morning with a cold reporter who has not done anything. "See what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "La furia del Hombre Lobo" wrote Paul Naschy in a hurry. The original director, Enrique Eguilez, was released and replaced by José María Zabalzou, a drunken man who was infamous throughout the production. Often he was unable to work (although he had time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes in the script) and Naschy eventually controlled much of the uncredited movie. Zabalza got into the rally and shot some action scenes from one of Naschho's "Mark of the Wolfman" films. The scenes were fortunate enough to have been used twice, even though they were different costumes, and helped them to avoid running when Zabálza refused to finish the film from the bed. Post production was a nightmare. Nobody knew who was making the cut, the money had run out, the main press disappeared for a while, and then the executive director came to the film distributor's premiere and found that Zabalza was pouring into the trough in front of the theater. He was too drunk when he found the toilet, but at least he did it on the curb. Yet somehow the movie works if you leave it. Keys to those atavistic memories we have of dark castles, arched catacombs, chains, whips, dark marshes. Fans of such things will follow her hypnotically, although the story as a whole does not make much sense due to a broken discontinuity of execution. In one scene his rainy rain and the werewolf flash; in the next shot, it dries the bones and waves to the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you do not look at it like a gaffe. It is like an evolving dream, where opposites are possible, the opposites are the same, and the effects continue; First, the Lionfighter lifts the power cord and scream, and then the electric cable starts to light. People say that a low budget is detracting from overall efficiency - I say the film would be impregnable if it were ten times more than spending. It's a miracle that something is doing nothing, and it does not succeed because of what it might have but because of what it does. It is easy to laugh at such things, and it is even easier to reject them. This trick is able to see through chaos, or rather to understand chaos as part of the effect. Paul Naschy died last week at the age of 75. He was sick with pancreatic cancer for a year or longer, worked on film projects until his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, along with his family, for chemotherapy treatment. His rich, diverse and surprisingly long career is the legacy of a man who, in a stubborn way, follows his artistic vision in the face of all-powerful non-occupation of the mainstream. And yet we all have an eleven-year-old child who will watch horror movies like "Fury of the Wolfman". Even people who do not like the euro horror will find something in this movie that they would be amazed at, even for a minute in several places. You can find it for free in the ORO archive or even buy it on a nickel DVD. It's worth it far, much more. Naschy was appalled when he learned that many others like me think this twisted, sick, dementia little film for the classical, if not masterpiece, Ciném Demence. The problems he had encountered during the production and the disorder of the film that remained behind him might have been too personal and artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I'd never think I could forgive him, but I'd say this: I'd rather watch "Fury of the Wolfman" in the saddest, most cut and degraded full-screen print in the public sector than ever sits arrogant, unpleasant crap churning out on Swine Flu cineplexes this or some other weekend. <br /> <br /> The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch his movies and do not forget. <br /> <br /> 9/10
