A hateful farce in a world of spectacular soap theaters! This movie is funny! It is true that you must have a taste for movies with shouting, hysterical conversation, timeless play and melodramatic plot. But if you do, you're in a hell of a treat. Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, Daily TV "Queen of Misery". Celeste's breathtaking life is endangered by the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long lost niece, and Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - gorgeous as ever), a longtime lover of Celeste. But Celeste was hiding a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could only bring her to the surface. Add to Devil's Montana Moorehead (beautiful Cathy Moriarty, in full "beautiful woman with testosterone for a spare mode"), who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), a soap producer who secretly portrays with Montana to destroy Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), scriptwriter and Celeste's true confidant, and you are for mass support of subplots and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies such as this are difficult to do (someone remembers "Mixed Nuts"?) But when it does well it can be quite damn fun! The main ingredient that is essential for any good comedy is the casting of experienced professionals who know that many of the most basic things are not said but seen in expression or appearance. Fields, Kline, Goldberg and others are working so well and clearly have a long time that it's hard to become their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is obviously the weakest link, but only points to himself because he is surrounded by Field, Klin, and others. Moriarty is an eccentric story in a glamorous role that thinks about the hottest breakthrough you've ever seen! There are also many famous faces that you know in small (but very fun) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps pace fast and histrionic conspiracy towards a large surface. It is also worth mentioning the Robert Harling scenario, carefully designed to represent a soap opera within the soap opera. The dialogue is booming with the excellent lines the actors have greatly delivered (I would like to bet that much of these things are improvised). Look, if you want to see a lot of professionals doing what they do best and doing it great, be on this hand. If not, get a good mood and laugh!
