This film is full of adventure Horror films: murderous fools, meditated murder, a mad (vaguely lesbian) scientific woman with even an annoying father who wears a mask because of his terrible horror, poisoning, scary castles and werewolves and women), adultery, killing lovers , Tibetan mystics, half victims of an unnamed experiment, rough robbery, mind control, brick bodies, lonely road accident, electric current, armor knights - all that was completed with an incredibly terrible score and some of Foley's worst work at all. The script is incomprehensible (even a badly dubbed standard of Spanish horror film), and some edits are bizarre. In one scene, where the leading female evil scientist goes to visit our heroine in his bedroom for one of the poorly dubbed: "It's fantastic, I do not understand, explain it to me again, how it is ..." Exposure scenes, film, is a sudden hand He kept stitching the girl's thigh as he gets out of bed for no apparent reason than to cover the cut in the bad scientist's "Mwahaha! All your werewolves are mine!" speech. Though they went to trouble, I do not know because there are plenty of other jarring jumps cuts all over the place - even letting for the cruel pan and print scan I've seen. was, according to one interview with the star, drunk for most of the shoot, and the movie looks like it. It's a disjointed mess. It is even more incoherent with the inclusion of werewolf shots from another The Mark of the Wolf Man (produced 4 years ago, representing the same actor, but playing with more aggression and another shirt and completing - is there a word in Spanish for "continuity"? ) and more padding another actor in the wolf to get into the ambling of a long shot. Music is unbelievably misplaced almost accidentally from the full orchestral scary house music, Bosanne, to the longest piano and gong duet ever heard. (He was thinking it was not a duet, it could be a solo, the piano part was so simple that it could be selected with one hand while the player with the other hit the gong). /> <br /> It's one of the most confused trans-states that has made bad movies for me. Enjoy. <br /> <br /> Favorite line: "Ilona, ​​this madness and perversion will turn against you!" How true is it. <br /> <br /> Favorite shot: lover, discovered his girlfriend killed and dropped the candle into the cartoon as a surprise show. It fits amateur overhead there.
