I saw it when it was premiered and once again it was again on the IFC. This is a great story about many possible stories about the immigrant farm population that came to Hawai'i to work on sugar factories in the early 20th century. My grandparents were part of this migration; my parents were born at the Kohala plantation (Big Island) at the time of setting the film. After the past year, I moved to the Big Island after I lived in California for more than 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former plants grown as cane vines are still undeveloped, and the wild cane is still growing, years after the plantation. I have heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who grew up on the plantation. This movie helps to show these stories and memories. This story is more a historical document than a romantic plot-driven film. He lets me shake my head to read the review as a ccthemovieman. Some people simply can not. <br /> <br /> I do not remember that Youki Kudoh played the lead role with which she did an incredible job. I remember her great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train," and Australian film, along with Russell Crow, "Heaven's Burning." Tamlyn Tomita has done a great job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow up on the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune had the role of a buddy as a narrator of the moving image. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an undeserved, non-speaking role as one of the planting staff during the payout scene. <br /> <br /> I was sad to find that the director and co-author, Kayo Hatta, died in accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign movies that mirror this experience with the plantation of sugar cane: "Gaijin" about migrant workers from Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" about the experience with cane plantation in Africa. The other is still available, but "Gaijin", sadly, seems to have not been proven at some time. Another great movie about the early Asian in America, when immigrants were more like slaves, is "a thousand pieces of gold". This involved the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, played by Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
