Distortion is a distracting, scary film, life-imitate art, and life-reflective art. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzagl, an artificially imprisoned and sexually impotent playwright who was inspired by his suspicion of a girl's documentary film about his girlfriend. As an Arab suicide bomber, dressed in a skull and an American T-shirt, he goes through the landscape looking for his goal and nerves, Haim transcribes the life of his girlfriend when he filming his documentary and incorporating himself and the lives of the actors during the trials. But the bomber had already struck and Haim left the restaurant just a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of everyday Israeli life, where the political relationship intertwines with a personality where everyone lives "on the edge," and people never know whether they play a major role in their own lives, or they are just a bit of a bit of a player in the dramatic narrative of someone else. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this concept everyone who is brilliantly an actor in someone else's production. We are always a voyeur when we see what a fictional director sees illegally, but also what the "real" director decides to reveal. To remind us that these flashes are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo brings us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes to the bedroom is the street and the roof) and repeatedly frames his views on television, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent "real" characters of actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of his own production, he is only weakly aware that their role is diminishing in the personal films of his colleagues. The detective, who hired a playwright, becomes a figure in the game. An actor who hired a detective is looking for a detective of "tips" about how to play a role, is captured by a tracking detective, and is participating in a cast party as their real self. <br /> <br /> Despite this line of views, there are no mistakes in the clear features of this narrative: a playwright looking for a subject, a bomber looking for a target, and a detective guardian of a filmmaker. Nor is it necessary to locate the final terrorism of Bouzagl, which is exhausted and impotent by Israel, fully aware of the threatening danger, but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, an unnecessary fictional playwright who cannibalize his own life for his play. Israel is also a bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur, who is the subject of a documentary film, cheating actors and actresses, and wife with discretion. They are all Israelis because they are all powerless, trapped in inaction or purposeless action, because the bomber searches the landscape for its best goal. All the characters can do as more bombers are reported, sex and keeping the "score" of the victims. There is a personal victory, vengeance, maybe revenge at the end of this play in the story inside the movie, but the audience will remain painful for the state of Israel, even if they are admired for the unforgettable rendition of Bouzagall about the nation's situation in the story of an individual's story.
