I read with great interest the only comment available to me in this film, and first I would like to say that I understand the opinion of a previous user who very well commented on this film: From an Israeli perspective, I can well imagine that this film is about very sensitive and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to the viewer who is more or less directly interested in the events described in this film. I would like to say that Distortion has manifested itself at the Geneve Film Festival in November 2005 (Festival Cinéma tout écran), where the Prix du public'in French was awarded. For what affects me, I enjoyed the work of Mr Bouzagl's "nervous camera," which, in my view, very well portrayed the atmosphere of extreme tension and unrest in the film, and I think most Swiss audiences appreciated the film. However, this perspective may well become a "stranger" to Israeli audiences, but it is not so surprising when it comes to Swiss spectators, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subject to a terrorist attack. It is no surprise, therefore, that the audience in Geneva judged this film as much more "separate" perspectives. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by the Geneva newspaper: "After 50 years of living and after having undergone this violence, we can ask whether it is still possible to remain normal. that it would be easier to commit suicide than to live in. We are like characters in my movie, "on the edge of the edge." That's why a private detective, somehow voyeur, is the happiest thing in the movie, "This is basically the main thing that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, drew attention to in this film, and that we paid no attention to some inconsistencies about the characters in the movie that the previous reviewer pointed out with great precision and humor. So to sum up, different countries = a different perspective, but I think it's kind of great because it calms me for what affects the future of cinema, that is, it will never be subject to a "unique" formatted "way of thinking.
