It is probably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo did so far. An experienced television director, well trained in the talk and direction of his actors through long epics, tried to capture in this very low budget the essence of the very special psychological situation in which Israelis live under the constant threat of terror attacks, leading to a "distorted" life. Each character strives to live his own life, to follow and control the other while he is being watched and controlled by other characters and mostly by continuous pressure, political and historical forces beyond his control. Some call this fate, but fate has a very concrete idea in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit "distortion" policy statement. Characters never talk about politics, or on the level of "bastards!" when they hear a new terrorist attack. Their response to the events is to locate the assault and count victims using official and media terminology for the dead and wounded. They are not really alive, but they will survive for a borrowed time, happy to survive one bomb and wait for another. Personal, social, professional life seems to work definitely, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose personal and creative crisis in the middle of his life is compounded by the pressure of the events and the fact that he is lucky to leave the scene of a terrorist attack minutes before the bomb explodes. He has accepted a private detective to follow his girlfriend, a television news poll that he suspects of another exhibit - another unsuccessful man, a former soldier whose business and family life is being discussed in these events. He begins to write a play in which carbon is copying reality and bringing it to the scene, in a theater scene that reminds Hamlet, like "Synecdoche, New York". It's not like I dare to suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking over Bouzagl's shoulder, but it is not necessary, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant in anticipating a later film (and the first director of Kaufman). As in the American film, actors play real people and begin to communicate with real-meets-stage-meets-reality melanchia that never lacks logic, at least not artistic logic. Bouzaglo directs his actors to the usual talent, trust them, and allows them freedom of life in situations rather than their actions. His style is much more than in his television series, and the effects of "distortion", even if borrowed from American horror films, work quite well everywhere. The ending seemed a little rhetorical and disappointing dramatically, but the shadow of the suicide killer who follows the film and the whole time loop situation will also watch the viewer when he later reminds of this film.
