- A very nice woman with a red head is waiting for her plane and meets the charming young man she's joining. When both get on their flight and sit side by side, a young man Jack becomes deadly because Lisa is either threatening to change the room where the politician and his wife will stay, or else her father dies. See that what happens when you go to a coach, such things never happen in the first class. <br /> <br /> -But than having a conflict in flight, the other thing that this movie shares with the "Flight Plan" is utter incredible * if it's the word * of the story. The whole thing is to get the main character to change the politics room so he can be murdered, which is a pretty acceptable plan, but will not it be easier for Jack to find someone who was computer savvy and hacked into the hotel system? Teenagers today can almost do something about the computer, so I'm sure it would be easier for him to simply get someone to change him with a computer, instead of going through the problem of spying on Lisa and getting her into trouble, she will land in film. <br /> <br /> -And one thing that struck me was strange that no one on the plan heard the only thing they talked about. These are the very small aircraft he speaks about, and because their voices occasionally floated, it seems to me that the other passengers have something to hear. But I'm 100% sure I read too much about it. The film should be as realistic as the episode "24", so one can not be that difficult. For all of my complaints, it's still a very fun movie that does this job. It's not exactly the kind that requires closing your brain, but it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> <br /> - I would like to sit here in my comfortable chair and rave about the brilliant acting in the movie, but I really can not. I like Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I love Brian Cox but I do not like it very much. It's not really a problem, because this is not a movie that the studio hopes for gaining more awards and acting is not even a little awful, it's just not great. Wes Craven is not the first one to come to mind when you think of such a movie, but he does a very nice job with regard to the time to film and the lack of depth of the script. It was a huge improvement over disappointing "Cursed" and how I liked doing something else with this movie, I would still like to go back to what he did in the past, which is a great horror that he has been talking about for decades after being released. <br /> <br /> -A nice thing about the movie I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It's great to sit and watch a nice three-hour film band once in a while, but nowadays it's like any movie that's coming too long and where it felt like the right length. Not too long and too short. They do not waste time trying to develop characters permanently because they know this is not the movie, so they make a very nice short film. Being a huge film geek, I must say that the best part of the film is the ultra cool score by Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see that Beltrami goes from writing predictable things to the great music he's just doing. I really cool techno / orchestral stuff does for the main titles. The pity that I can not find a soundtrack anywhere, I really would like to listen to the titles anytime I wanted instead of having to pop on the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice for what it is, and although it's far from great cinema it should still provide some little fun hours and a half
