On the day of night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a graceful man who turns out to be a hired killer who asks her to help her kill a trader, otherwise she dies her own father. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is an amazing thriller that holds the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both of these films. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including tension, negotiation and direction. Most of the movie takes place on the plane, but the film does not slow down. The film is very fast and exciting, with no slow or boring dots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, it focuses on storytelling and characters. The film has its share in exciting moments, but this is not really the movie. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and small details that will become important later. The red eye really shows its ability to tell stories. The red eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams is very impressive and her character is hard to hate. You may even finish the interrogations for her loud. Cillian Murphy gives very dirty and effective performance as a villain. The way in which it initially becomes enchanting, but then turns into a psycho is particularly impressive. Supporting actors are also quite good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. The film is also very stylish and has such an overall scary atmosphere. The setting works well because there is obvious fear of isolation and no escape. Overall, the movie's tone is still scary. The script is not as strong as everything else. There are several unrealistic moments that the viewer can distract from. Most of them did not bother me, but I was little that let me shake my head. The end is also a disappointment. It is not a bad ending very simple and another approach would be better. Since the movie focuses on characters, there really are no moments of shouting that can only make a few jumps. If you expect a horror film, then you end up being disappointed. Eventually Red Eye is a fun thriller and it's one of the best summer movies. Rating 8/10
