Scream was the last decent thriller Wes Craven. Since then, there has been nothing but an unbearable strip of Hollywood waste that would barely be good enough for the night market, including the disappointment of Scream's sequel. Perhaps the genius and craft devoted to the film exhausted him from all energy and creativity, so when the time came for dinner, he had nothing to serve us than his own doo doo. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies later, she gives us a delicious, merciless, gripping, cool suspense thriller with Red Eye. Rachel McAdams again brings a nice performance when he plays a hotel manager who is unhappily connected with a prominent political figure and regular at her hotel. He then meets with Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond), who after a later flight and bay knew a little better. What she does not know is already familiar with it. And she also knows her father, who will never see him again if he does not cooperate and does not meet the demands of Jackson to use his connection to set up his hotel for murder. <br /> <br /> You probably think it is nothing but your everyday thriller with predictability and pursuit of scenes. Even though he's a good old-fashioned thriller, it's his beauty. No special effects. No cheap make-up. Only classic tension. You feel despair and regret with every decision that McAdams is forced to do, and you really care for her when you make her happy every step you take to find her escape from her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> Fun and convincing performance. It's either her sweet face or her extraordinary ability to cry frankly, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role requires it. On the other hand, Cillian Murphy is naturally a spooky look, so even when the pendant did not show up, his ultimate transition from a charming alien to a ruthless jackass is not so surprising. Maybe it would be a little more than a pretty guy like Toby Maguire, who has turned into the evil insane fool. However, Cillian Murphy, after his true identity is founded, played a role so solid that you would really want him to die or at least get his ass kicked. Let's ignore this feature. There are plenty of tobacco scratching moments and heart jumpers to help keep your eyes on the screen instead of your clocks as if you were at Craven's last pictures. If not for you, do it all the time when you see your girlfriend or friend or someone with a popcorn who is jumping on you. Wes is finally right. In addition to his upcoming trademark championship, Red Eye is no humor, as McAdams's replacement Cynthia at the reception flambles keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not disappointing. Instead, you'll be delighted to see McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance, Murphy look creepier in a minute, and Craven carve a classic traditional thriller. The flight, which was delayed and was the beginning of Crane's Renaissance, came just after Scream.
