Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) prepares her last red eye back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa meets the handsome and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to be hit and when they board the plane they find they are sitting side by side. As soon as the plane takes off and they are in the air Jackson reveals who really is and that their seemingly random meeting is no coincidence, Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to assassinate Secretary of Homeland Security (Jack Scalia) and need to change rooms at the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to make a phone call to the hotel and make him or her father killed ... Directed by Wes Craven, perhaps better known for his horror films, such as The Last House on the Left (1972), The Nightmare on Elm (1989), People under the Stairs (1991) and Scream Trilogy of Juvenile Slashers, a short, sharp, fast little thriller like Red Eye, a big break from the kind of movie Craven usually does. Scenario Carl Ellsworth makes a surprisingly thrilling thriller, which I have to admit I really liked that in just 85 minutes of minute minutes, it's a very fast moving, economic and straight film film that focuses almost exclusively on one tight rather than embarking on different directions with lots of subplots. Some may like this approach as I did, while others may not, but I think it attracts you much more into action as it comes thick and fast without the film slowing down and giving you the opportunity to relax. I really liked the conspiracy for Red Eye, of course, that such a movie will always have one or two dubious moments when it comes to rendering, but what the hell, it's a movie that's fun and that's how it works for me. I liked two central figures, Lisa finds a very nice one, while Jackson Rippner (a famous Jack Ripper famous actress) is a slimy villain with the cold "I do my job" of the mentality type. Another plus point is that I did not think anyone was acting too stupid, everyone was like human beings, and the movies are playing quite convincingly. I really liked it and it's one of Craven's newer movies. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good solid, tense, learning and fast thriller with attractive engagement, good action, and grasping the plot. He definitely does not close and as soon as he starts the action and tension he will never leave, the more distant and most effective part of the film is when Rippner holds Lisa's hostage on the plane and as soon as the film moves to Miami and Lisa's house becomes a bit more routine but still good. Special mention refers to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely gorgeous in this, I could probably watch Red Eye again just because he is in it and looks dead dead. Those who see the name of Wes Craven connected to Red Eye expecting a horror movie should think again because there is no horror (despite the IMDb 'Horror' list as the Red Eye genre). I'm not sure the end, on the one hand, it was nice to see the villain live for a change that is contrary to traditional expectations, but maybe it would be much more satisfying to see Lisa kill in some way. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently provided Red Eye with an initial budget of $ 44,000,000 but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, though it is still a very well made film with shiny production values. In fact, he was filming in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The film was probably written with husband and wife Sean Penn & Robin Wright Penn for leadership, but eventually the creators chose younger leaders. As I said before, Rachel McAdams is a clean eye candy and it's all baby and it's worth watching the movie alone. Oh, and she's doing decent performance too. The red eye is really fast, learning the tension, filled with a little thriller I liked very much, I did not think I'd enjoy it just like I'm glad I decided to watch. It sure gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really done stuff in this ...
