"Intervention" helped me with my own dependencies and recovery. I am a married father of middle age. In my personal and working life I am very functional. Still, I have the pain of the past that I am using addiction that is calming and the issues I slowly recover. When you addictive and their families share their lives, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. The exhibition, unlike many other people, breaks with the past of the addict and reveals the events that are likely to cause their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to come back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." The show deserves a lot of appreciation for the fact that at least this process has begun. This digging is painful and difficult, but it is worth it. So much coverage of addictions - fictional and false - seems to ignore the underlying problems. It is often supposed that the addicted one day started to shoot or anything for fun or pleasure or own interest and now they can not stop. Not so: habits are about killing pain. I can deal with various events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts suffered miserable abuse. Reservation. For those who think that addiction is an exaggerated reaction to suffering, I would say that different people react differently. Although some children divorce divorce, others, like Cristy in the show, "collapse on a pile on the floor" and have their lives changed forever. For example, yesterday's counselor said the pretty young Andrea was trying to check out men. Cuts cash for a 75-year-old neighbor and allows men to abuse her. Do I know anyone? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and adjustments to our lives. Often, those of us with fewer problems are the ones who suffer the longest. As they say, even stopped watches are right twice a day, but slow watches may remain undetected for some time until your life is miserable. Producers: Thank you for showing, for digging into the past, for follow-ups. Graphics, format and theme music are great too. <br /> <br /> Dependent: Thank you for your courage to share. Whatever you helped yourself, you helped me.
