I found out that I like this show, but the format needs some work. First, good attributes. I like to see this show take us through the everyday life of the addicted, because the producers have the talent to get the addicted to show us how badly they allowed their lives to happen. Then follows the hit followed by the result. Intervention does not include things, and sometimes the result (often short due to time constraints between filming and broadcasting) is a negative result. This makes the results better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera. Since these cameramen have to compress anywhere and do not benefit from shooting scenes, the shooting is surprisingly good and stable. It's genuinely superior to scenarios such as "The Shield," where photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. Now for the bad. The episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will be captured in the story of one habit, then suddenly you are worthy of another story. Forget the story, then suddenly you're back to the first addict ... or are you? Now you may have forgotten which case the individual is currently on the screen. This constant flip-flopping among addicts really breaks down during hit scenes because the show even combines two completely unrelated hits! I once heard B.S. The reason for this bad design: "The show can be so intense that the transition to another addicts allows the viewer time to absorb what he is watching." But please. Obviously, the reason is that they have two cases that are not big enough for an hour so they mix them together. By mixing, instead of blocking every half hour, as if it were, it has made the viewer watch the whole thing (and advertising) if one case is interested, but not the other. I once found these episodes of the mixer so annoying that I just told my TiVo to record episodes that included one addict, but then it was easier to record all of them.
