The first animated feature film from Ireland is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. It's a real wart and a whole story, unlike other Oscar candidates and any other movie this year or another. The story of the film has an abbot from Kells, a village in Ireland built walls around the city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they ever attacked. His nephew Brendon is a young monk who does the best he has done, but he meets his uncle's anger by doing things in his own time. When legendary illuminator Aidan arrives from the destroyed monastery, Brendon throws himself at him and his warm personalities. Much of his uncle's disappointment Aiden offers to teach Brendon how to illuminate. To help Aidan work on his great book, rescued from the devastated monastery, Brendan goes to the woods to acquire ink that produces ink. While outside the wall he meets Ashley, the forest spirit, with whom he develops friendship. Unfortunately the abbot finds out that he went out the wall and it is hell to pay. But lurking in the distance are the Vikings ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie that you are wrong. Even what I've explained does not do film justice. It's a simple story with a lot more going on. It's a wonderful movie that tries to find a way in the world, over demons and to find the beauty of the world outside the wall. (The film says the world is a dangerous place and it does not stop even if you are building a wall). His film, which treats the audience as adults and deals with the whole life, including darkness. There is death and destruction and joy and happiness. Its uncovered. People are dying. Monsters lurk. (some children scared), but hope is finally. Frankly, the darkness of this film is completely different from anything in any recent American film. Forget the "sadness" in Pixar, it's the real thing and its refreshment and shows how Pixar has homogenized. Her animated film Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack), which is a view is actually based on the Celtic art of this period. It's a movie that looks different from others. Here is another film that takes over the film frame and uses it in all possible ways. Images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. The film often edited things to look like a page in the legendary Kells book. His amazingly beautiful and best-described art comes to life. Director Tom Moore created a film that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than this. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated movies I've ever met.
