Watching this movie I was frustrated and scattered, and by the end I wanted to give the film a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and everywhere there was too much going on. Even my A.D.D could not keep up. It seemed like a slight sour way. Everything looked flat, it was nothing. There were so many different shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie halfway up and smash a burned copy of this movie. But when I watched it, I went online to read the movie and I should watch a little research of this film before. The Secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story of the original Kells book. The little boy, Brendan, has the task of transforming new pages into what is the largest book ever written. This book will contain information to help "turn darkness into light". Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. In the eighth century, Brendan's uncle, abbot of the Kell, attempted to build a wall and keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists on helping to finish the wall, but the traveler and manager of the book "secretly trains Brendan to try to portray his illustrating skills and convinces him to finish the" book "and to make his word. <br /> <br /> < > All the time I watched the movie I thought something was missing because I really did not understand what was going on I thought I was missing a piece of Irish history A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know The Kells Book is a copy of the first few books of the New Testament, transcribed in Latin, by the Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century, along with its paleographic and insulating script. the book is also beautifully illustrated on insular art, a type of artistic form known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. in her book of Kells is displayed as much art at that time, flat and dimensional challenge without prospects. But what makes the book Kells stand out from other early works of art, is the use of many colors. The secret of the Kells is very varied. Originally, I thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me of a lot of cartoon Samurai Jack, who also had a flat and 'ammin' look at it. As soon as I learned about the art styles of the Kells book, it is clear that in the style of the book they are imitated in the film. There are lines and beliefs and different shapes that inhabit Brendan's mind. Whenever he enters his imagination, circular shapes reminiscent of the sun, teeth, clocks and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen are marked in decorative moving triangles or circles. Transitions are full of colors and Celtic knots. From trees to floors, many things in this world are covered with shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> Hours in 70 Minus Credits, Kell's Secrets is a fun little historical lesson with a little adventure and horror that has people (maybe only kids) interested in. I think a person must be open to the secret of Kells as half the artwork, half the film about history. Despite appearing to be animated with Adobe Illustrator, it is a very nice looking movie. But on the basis of the 20 films presented for the Oscar, I do not think it would be appropriate to nominate Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
