In 1945, and after a number of solid propaganda elements of World War II, Errol Flynn's holding of the American Treasury began to decline, despite the increasing burdens of exhausting appearance, he began to play a number of films about this genre, his name: swashbuckler. The first one was really good - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but he also proved to be his last big budget in Hollywood. The rest of his days spent with the sword spent traveling throughout Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) for the broken story WILLIAM TELL ) and little-known PRECEDING SWEETS (1954). Hollywood, however, last shaken him on his old naval journey - though for a modestly devoted universal picture, rather than the Warner Brothers A production he was used to when he was on top ... Still, the famous cinematography of Technicolor jumps out of the screen, and while Elder and Smarter Flynn may look like the pale shadow of his former self, his red-brown leader Maureen O'Hara has a field day as a rabbinic leader of the buccaneers who deeply desires romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was a couple of years away from his larger vehicles than life, so he is typically considered baddie here - pirate captain Roc Brasiliano who attacks with gusto. Like the BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - whose predecessor preceded - BEFORE ALL THE VLACÍMI, he returns me to his beloved children's days of constantly watching TV, when the classic Hollywood movies were the order of the day on the local and adjacent Italian channels. <br /> <br /> For all I know, it could really be the first pirate movie I've ever seen, and I guessed about the idea of ​​today's generation of young people, probably believing that the overly exaggerated PIRATES of Trilogy CARIBBEAN is, what is it about! As I have said before, EVERYTHING HUNDRED may not be the finest pirate yarn she has ever brought on the screen, but it is a solid example of this fertile genre. Nowadays, the love affair of Indian Princess (Alice Kelley), which resembles children, towards her pirate Flynn, can attack one, for she is terribly stupid, but the rest - despite apparently not cutting the heights of THE SEA HAWK (1940) and BLACK SWAN (1942), to mention the best marine affairs of its stars - it is lively and reasonably impressive. By the way, the movie will later continue in a remake like THE KING PIRATE (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what it is worth, the unprecedented boxing success of this unexpectedly modern franchise is most likely what triggered reluctant film studios that snapped from their catalog and brought them to DVD, and in fact , ALL OF OWNERS was the only jewel in the ill-considered "Pirates of Golden Age" by Universal, which also consisted of obscure spots like BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950 with Yvonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951 with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER 1952, with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, perhaps, but so far I have obtained Errol Flynn's film from other sources; Even if I'm in the mood in the future, I would like to lay my hands on such a naval adventure as Edward Dmytyk MUSTS (1952), the above-mentioned YANKEE BUCCANEER and TORTUGA PIRATES (1961).
