The Secret of Kells is an independent animated feature that gives us one of the legends of Kell's book, an enlightened medieval manuscript that contains four Gospels of the New Testament. I did not know that this book actually existed, but knowing that my interpretation and analysis is now much easier. There are several stories and ideas that floated around how the book happened to have written it and how it survived over a thousand years. That's one of them. We introduced Brendan, an orphan who lives at the Kells abbey in Ireland with his uncle, Cellach (as expressed by Brendan Gleeson). Eat Cellach builds a massive wall around the abbey to protect villagers and monks. Brendan does not like the walls or other monks. They are more focused on reading and writing, something Abbot Cellach no longer has time to do. He is afraid of "Northmen," those who are born and leave towns and villages empty and burned to the ground. One day the traveler comes from Iona near Scotland. He is Brother Aidan, a very wise person carrying a special book that is not yet complete. Abbot Cellach gives him permission to stay and Brendan hosts him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First, it needs ink for the book, but it requires specific fruits. The only way to get them is to take outside the wall and the forest, an area beyond the borders with Brendan. He sees that Aidan is the only chance to continue his work, decides to slip and return with the berry in front of his uncle noticing his absence. In the forest Brendan meets Ashley, the protector of the forest. It allows Brendan to go to berries and becomes close to his company on the way. He warns him of the terrible danger in the dark and does not collect him. There are things worse than the Vikings. From there, Brendan encounters other problems with the book and the emergence of the invasion. <br /> <br /> I like the story much more when I know what's going on. Knowing what Kells is and what it contains, animation makes sense. I'm sure you've seen photos or copies of old texts from hundreds of years, with boundaries of borders, colorful pictures and extravagant designs, creations, and scripts decorating pages. Just like the Disney's sword frames in stone. Animation contains many similar patterns and patterns. It creates a unique viewing experience where the story and animation almost try to overcome. <br /> <br /> I could not get rid of unbelievable details. These are some of the best 2D animations I've seen in years. It is alive, stimulating and full of life. The figures are constantly surrounded by patterns, dudley and patterns in the trees, the walls and the air that floats. Improves the movie. The story is satisfactory, even though I think the end could be a little more stitched. When running for only 75 minutes, I think there might be something special in the final act. It does not provide much information or mention the importance of the book. We remind you that this is important, but we never fully understand. He tells us that he gives hope, but never why or how. That was really the only missing part of the movie. Otherwise, I thought the story was interesting, though completely animated. <br /> <br /> I think it's okay to some extent. Animation may contain the film as far as it goes down. The story lacks several parts, but it's an interesting experience of fascinating history. I would recommend you look briefly at the Kells book to get an idea of ​​what I and this film are talking about. I think it will help you much more. This very impressive and beautifully illustrated movie, which certainly should not be omitted.
