SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated feature that dazzles your eye and moves your heart. The shortcomings of the limited budget of the film and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated by the visual poetry of the story of Brendan's young heroic attempt to become a master illustrator in dark times. Historically, it was the late 8th century, when the Vikings moved to the centers of Irish learning. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists, equivalent to the northern seas of the Huns and Mongols in the east. The film story, which works more like a parable, focuses on the conflict between Brendan, who strives to create the beauty of his illumination during darkness, and his righteous uncle, the abbot who seeks to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with a dreadful wall like barrier against the Norsemen. Abbott does not mean the value of Brendan's art in his security efforts. This is the outer conflict of the film. Brendan's inner conflict is to find a hidden eye of creative lighting that will enable him to complete the heaviest picture in the Kells book. This eye is guarded by the dragon Ouroboros, who destroys those who do not like this search as well as the Vikings will kill the outside (This is just the story I will post!) <br /> <br /> What do I do about this movie really likes, is a creative imaginative understanding of some of the best artistic works that survived in the West 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized in flat, abstract lines defined by the line as well as in the original Kells book. (Especially remarkable is the monk Aidan's cat, defined in several lines, but pure --- and even magically metamorphic cat). The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated characters convey to their economy of abstract design is a tribute to the outstanding artistic skills of the director and his animators. The decorative borders at the edge of the picture are changing to complement the dramatic impact of the scene, and this dark-aging lighting pattern is brought into the strange animated life of KELLS. Of course, historical dramas usually say more about our own times than about the times that these dramas tried to portray. However, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, KELLS writers and director of the secret mediate from a long distance in Ireland a feeling of lively life that feels psychologically true, but the scenario might diverge from pedantic historical reality. (The collection of United Nations Illuminati who appear as a music club in the SECRET OF KELLS section is not historically likely, but they are all well-designed, personalized characters that give a lot of it, the Irish story.) Animation always seemed to be for me the best tool to help us better understand the visual arts of different times and cultures. The spectacular artistic direction of this film clearly comes from its historical visual source, but was also cleverly adapted to the demands of animated narrative; if there were animations in the dark, it would look like SECRET OF KELLS! Finally, Brendan's hero in this film is an artistic ongoing effort to mediate the spirit of beauty, life, and inspiration. (Without being preached or even especially Christian, this film confirms Jesus' statement that "man does not live bread himself.") In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of the creative artists is Andrei Tarkovsky ANDREI RUBLEV, a film about a great Russian icon painter from the 15th century. SECRET OF KELLS expresses much of the same sense of secrecy and excitement from the artistic visual search and creative process. It's definitely not as deep as ANDREY RUBLEV, but --- it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to both young and old people.) I think this movie will look good from a repeat point of view: in its own modest way of life, these stylized secrets of mystery are classic.
