I have always watched Dakar, so when my husband bought Charlie's home "Race to Dakar" DVD, I could not wait to see it! Of course, we saw the broadcast of the race when it was a real race, but it never provides backgrounds and specific teams. If you watched the Long Way Round, you will not be surprised by the language I sincerely considered to be more fun than insulting. I think the only thing that bothered me on DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had it before Dakar so that my feminine need for tranquility would calm down; that I could live without the "flames" of puddles like LWR, the preparation was just as interesting as the plant itself. I almost cried when Charlie broke his arm and furious at every bruise he suffered in training ... and, of course, the death of Andy Caldicott ... it was a terrible tragedy, but then every year there is something. <br /> <br /> <br /> Russ drives me with nuts, even though his attitude has improved a thousand times compared to the argumenting cynic who was in the LWR. It's great to see him how he likes Charlie well. <br /> <br /> What I learned from this odyssey was: 1. Never let Scorpion prepare his car on NICU! - had months to prepare the X5 and the day before he left for Lisbon, Scorpion did only half the things to do and the vehicle was painful throughout the race; 2. The Dakar organizers need much more work on their rider / driver plan - and Matt (and probably a large number of riders / drivers to dry out as they did, was nothing more than a fault of negligence, 3. Charlie has a passionate enthusiasm for "rough and heavy" adventure, but he needs to consolidate a lot to really work the way he wants, and finally. 4. Charlie and Ewan are planning another of these epics called Long Way Down in 2007 and I can not wait for me to get my hands on it !: D If you like motorcycles and / or really nice blocks 'to go', you have to watch it, I guarantee you like it, it's very fun. <br /> At the end , Simon Pavey - you are a hero, I was so impressed by your "peaceful reach" in the way and the fact that you actually ended ..... just incredible given what is a monumentally challenging race and Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team u - full marks of pulling him out, reaching so much is really admirable.
