There is a theory of time that assumes that all the moments that have ever existed and exist actually exist. It's a little too much to pack your head, but maybe a little comfort for those who wish to return to the easier time and space. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), it was twenty-five years ago, in the mid-1930s when her youth and spell held the greatest promise. As for me, if I could travel in time, it would be back to the fifties when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode. One thing that would not be so extraordinary around 1959 would include dealing with all clumsy machines just to watch the Twilight Zone episode. How many reels do you think would be necessary to catalog the entire series and then find the specific story you would like to follow? I think you have to take into account compromises, comfort versus simplicity, have it right now, or have time to spin the exact place where the story starts. Popping on CD has its advantages. I am a little surprised that Rod Serling would tell a story that resembled "Sunset Boulevard". Ida Lupino is a typical mirror image of Norma Desmond, which was too far to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a character similar to Erich von Stroheim, the husband has become a butler who is undoubtedly a fidelity. Where the story differs, it has to do with how Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) invite Barbara Jean to get to reality and clean the webs that paralyze her existence. Fortunately, for our viewers, Ida Lupino did not have such a reservation in terms of getting parts that were not "big but beautiful showcases". It's a real experience watching every episode of "The Twilight Zone" and finding out who's coming out of the past. Sometimes you get two couples like you are here with Lupine and Balsam, celebrities that have ever made their mark before and after the series. Combined with the stories produced by the program, it is no wonder that they are doing so well today.
