After having hit the audience with three very different episodes directly from the bat, Serling continued to introduce audiences to The Twilight Zone in a very special way by designing one of the largest series of growers as the fourth episode. The "sixteen-millimeter shrine" is one of the less underestimated episodes, focusing on the film's inability to cope with changing times, and only to introduce a supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is first and foremost, but later shows show that it's a totally elegant and beautifully written story. Both lead Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam and her frustrated but caretaking agent shines in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the alleged 25 year old actress's record is not convincing. Lupino looks the same while playing the young Trent as well as playing the middle age of Trent, which greatly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino has socks to convince us of her despair to go back to the past. It's a situation he can mostly sympathize with, and yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She's a prim-donna who gives a little idea of ​​the feelings around her, such as a disastrous, star-like star that is hopelessly worsening because it reminds her of how far her glory days are. It is a little surprising to be rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge screen and it is cleverly predetermined at the inception moments when Trent scared his maid as he stepped out of the screen. At the beginning, however, it is unclear whether deployment to the projector is proven by a reward or rough lesson in appreciating what we have and live at this time. As it turns out, Trent can return to the past he longed for, a testimony of how strong the wishes of people are. <br /> <br /> The "Sixteen-millimeter Shrine" will improve with every view. Upper writing and gaming join together to create a short play with enormous strength that reflects the nature of man, longing for the past, even though we can never return. Except the Twilight Zone.
