Chris Rock stars in this remake of Warren Beatty's Heaven Can Wait (a remake of the 1941 Here Comes Mr. Jordan) comedy about a man who dies before he can realize his dreams and adventure in his new (though temporary ) body. In the Beatty version, the protagonist was backing a quarterback for the then-Los Angeles Rams. In the rock version of the hipper, our leading figure is a young - and certainly a low-threshold comedian. It is very funny to see the sharp rock played by the bad comedian. It's a bit like seeing Tom Hanks playing a bad actor. Lance Barton's Dream lies in the legendary Apollo Theater in a non-amateur night. But every time he tries his material, he is unnecessarily busy - so his nickname becomes "Booie". His jokes are fragile and his delivery is painful. In short, Lance is all that the real Chris Rock is not. <br /> <br /> Lance is also a cycling rider and he rides the streets on his way and tried even more material when BAM! It's hit by a truck. Okay so maybe ten seconds of his body was taken away by a slightly incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he's about to hit. No dice, it seems Lance is not in the sky due until 2044. So what do you do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), the "manager" of the sky, reluctantly agrees to find a new subject for Mr Barton's not quite dead. The problem is that the body they find is a greedy old white man. It turned out that this master (Mr. Wellington) owns all sorts of things - he is the 15th richest man in the country! What a luck! Can you imagine Lance turning around? <br /> <br /> But of course, while in the body of wealthy Mr. Wellington, Lance falls on a beautiful hospital worker (Regina King). We men know how hard it is to find a woman who has her own body but try to win one when you are a nasty old white guy! And it's even worse if it does not work on your money. <br /> <br /> This is the first shot rock role and, in my opinion, it's admirable. There are still a lot of comedians there - and, of course, if he wanted to have a variety of roles, he might have to prevent inclusion in the routine - but that's not really a bad thing. Rock personality - his drive, his delivery, his behavior and his passions - are what drive this movie. It is clear that he has great fun in this role and seems to have decided that you will have fun when you watch him.
