The secret of the night is an excellent fictional description of weeks leading to RAPTURE and weeks after this key event. I have thoroughly enjoyed both the production values ​​and the contents of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent shoe budget movie, so it will look a bit sweet (if your standard A-list is a Hollywood fare). But compared to other independent films, this film is quite acceptable. More important than acting style, costumes and music are narratives themselves. Is the story convincing? Are they making dramatic moments? Does the story of a trajectory match a satisfying summit? The answer to all these questions is unqualified "yes". As a side note, technical matters are really important - continuity, sound, lighting - all right. The viewer is able to watch the show without distracting her careless craft. <br /> <br /> THE VALUE OF THE CONTENT. The movie report is excellent. When you consider how many filmmaker's ideas arose within a short time of 69 minutes, you begin to realize his art. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of infidelity, the danger of backsliding, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of the world's power to the Satanic government with excitement, imagination, and - most importantly for the evangelical - biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good story. For example, it develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) it shows us through the action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is achieved in the subplot, where the zoo breeder is a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only treatment is blood from someone who is immune to snake poisons. Poison is like sin; the treatment is like Christ's blood, broken on the cross. (2) The director also develops a rescue report through dialogue. He has different characters, explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. As a side note, the fact that the film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogues and scenes expressing a clearly defined salvation message expressed in an explicitly evangelical Christian language, ideas and theology are also quite acceptable. Criticizing this film for explicit Christianity is absurd; it is similar to Nike's advertising campaign to promote sportswear. What else would evangelical Christian filmmakers shoot, if not the film that tells their case? Also, the fact that the filmmaker employs the idea that the unbelievers remain in the godless world is once again perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker explores the dramatic potential of this idea admirably. How do I know? I heard THIEF IN THE NIGHT from a woman who saw a show in 1974. thirty years later she lived in her memory. How many movies can you tell? Everywhere, a very pleasant, thoughtful show. I plan to show it to my teenage group in the church.
