(1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin, Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Haban, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Alan Dewames, Tim Hill, Scott Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Screenplay by Sam Egan, John Paragon. Elvira, Mrs. Dark, was the 80th television icon that had her own late night show on the cable. She hosted and featured classical American horror films, many of which were camping, while providing their own jokes and humorous notes. Actress Cassandra Peterson has this success on this date. In 1988, her first film was released. She plays herself, she is stuck in hosting the monsters of the movie show, but she longs for her own show in Las Vegas and earn big money. Her agent Manny is disappointed. It's not long before they inherit a lock from a deceased relative, a domestic dog, and a recipe book. She is claiming her inheritance in the small town of Nevada - she was on the way to Vegas and became lost - and soon spreads into a complicated community. The pronounced conservative city council woman Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the honesty and values ​​of a small town. Her exciting character and winning figure soon draws the youth of the city. He drops down on Redding's beaver (Daniel Greene), a city craftsman / carpenter, but before any real relationship can bloom, he finds himself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot, an old old man who also has to inherit part of Elvira's relative, is an old-time wizard who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira himself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is in fact a book of mighty magic, the power he desires to demand for himself. She plans to get Elvira by firing the city on a pole. How does Elvira get out of this? The film was not a real success at the box office, drawing a crowd of predominantly young audiences who were familiar with the Elvira cable show. True, it's a fun movie. The screenplay is a chalk full of all sorts of jokes, some bad, some good, lots of sexual cues, visual jokes and a total camp, that's the funny last scene in which Elvira eventually got her own Vegas party. This film is a cult classic of species that are for fans of Elvira. You can not like this movie differently. It is also a look back on the "pop" culture of the 1980s. Elvira was also an icon of the 80's as Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
