Since the beginning of his career in the 1970s and enormously for the last 80 years, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a true culture in the world of horror and bad monsters. While Mrs. Peterson gained various supporting roles in films and covered a wide range of genres, her television character Elvira brought her the most glory. Part of her spell? and respect from fans? lies in the fact that she has never turned away the horror genre that has celebrated her (as opposed to many other great actors and actresses who like to be separated from their "early" work). I saw only the bits and pieces of her TV shows, but her role in the recent song song Ghoultown, "Mrs. of the Dark," really encouraged me to look at her things. One thing was clear to me before this music video: Elvira became a force of self-influence over the years when the mid-80s appeared. And in 1988, films such as "Stunning Night" and "TerrorVision" included honors and spoofs TV production, eventually happened: "Elvira, Lady of Darkness", film. Now I've seen a trailer for it at the time of VHS rental, but it took me until last week to finally see a real movie. A few years ago I was able to watch Elviro's haunted hills (made in 2001), but for some reason I did not really care. Was it really forgotten or should I have another watch? I really feel like I'm looking at it again, because the first Elvira film in 1988 really convinced me. Though maybe partly responsible for the film's work, Sam Egan and John Paragon may have their contributions to the script, there really is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great comedy feeling (also wrote a screenplay). When Elvira learns that she is one of Grand Theft Supporters (she has never heard of before), she takes it as a long opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. Because of the right to her legally inherited money, she travels to the quiet city of New England. But the Falwell sanctuaries are in the hospitality industry. In less than a short time he can shock and offend all the remarkable inhabitants of the conservative town with her (often unintentional) provocative behavior. To make it worse, her inheritance turned out not to be as she had expected: a dilapidated mansion, a cook, and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her uncle Uncle Vincent Albot, is that her great aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes that can produce the deepest dark powers you can imagine. And if you have not turned off the movie when Elvira has prepared her first dish from recipes, then make sure you sit out of this ride with a smile on your face. > <br /> It's surprising how the script, along with jokes, funny one-linery, movie links, jokes inside, and delicious cheerfulness also manage to say a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other movies, which rely heavily on gag-like situations, often make you a complete trail of the story (for example Naked Gun films), this film is not. There were many horror comedies in the 1980s, but many did not really work. Whether it is a bit horror spoof, which does not roam at some point ("Killer Party", although I'm grateful for the hopelessness of the final) or too soon (14th Saturday). Although Elvira is a comedy rather than a horror, it does not show what it does, and it is constantly building on a slightly grotesque final, supplemented by a supernatural revelation in the Falwell streets between the newborn witch Elvira and evil uncle Talbot, including true witch hunts and Elvira's own the moment of burning. I tell you there is no power in hell that could destroy this film. One of the first giggles I received was during the opening credits when Daniel Greene was named. Daniel who? Oh yes, I have known his name (and later his misty macho-face). How can you remember Daniel Greene as soon as you saw ... "Atomic Cyborg aka steel fists"! But if you did not see "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but in this you will not laugh at his face. And on my side: I never imagined that Elvira looked so cool as she unwittingly left the gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not make the shot look better.
