"Night of the Living Homeless" was a relatively strong adjustment to the first half of Season 11. It is clear that the parody of various zombie films, most notably Dawn of the Dead, this episode parallels homeless with living dead, as creatures who feed and pay more for replacement than the brains. <br /> <br /> Kyle is accused of sudden mass outbreaks of homeless people when he gives $ 20 homeless homeowners out of his heart. More homeless people will be penetrating South Park until the city is overcome. This is a very strong Randy Marsh's episode as he takes over the role of a shotgun commander who captivates himself on the roof of the Park County Community Center. But before Randy gets to the community center, hundreds of homeless people raise him up and cheerfully yell, "I have no change!" Unfortunately, refugees eventually lose Gerald Broflof's homeless people as they try to escape the catching city bus and unknowingly discard all their change to make the bus away from homeless people. Then he will become one of them and ask everyone for a change. The boys will try to find out why there are so many homeless people in the South Park and find a man who is the director of a homeless study. He finds that the nearby town of Evergreen had a similar problem with the homeless, so they got to Evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem. Unfortunately, the homeless penetrate into a man's home and try to fire more easily by shooting. He fails several times when he shoots in his jaw, his eye, his chest, his neck, his shoulder, screaming horribly until he finally died. This scene may have been more fun if a similar scene did not happen in the "Fantastic Easter Specialty" two weeks ago. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a member of the refugee finds out that due to a homeless problem, and so the bank has closed its house and made it homeless. Randy turns around and holds his gun on his head. When the man finally calls the others for a few bucks to help him, Randy pulls the trigger. In Evergreen, the boys learn that the citizens of the city sent homeless people to South Park, and that homeless people move from city to town across the country. Boys modify the bus that leads the homeless from South Park and take them to Santa Monica, California. The film of the zombie is parallel and the great line of Randy Marsh makes this one definitely remarkable again. 8/10
