"Why is he so great? Why did not they just give the money to the poor?" The question about cathedrals was asked by Mr Harvey's student during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "That's a good question," he replied. "He partly inspired them - to raise them with horror." I'm not sure that the cathedrals have an impact on everyone, but this movie definitely had an effect on me. It was amazing! <br /> <br /> He did not start that way. For a moment there seemed to be nothing more than a drawing of a school excursion into Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been in high school anywhere, it's basically it. You have a group of very uninterested children who are happy to be out in the day, the bus driver who is crazy about them, and some teachers desperately try to keep everything under control. It was there, I did it, I got the T-shirt as the first reaction. I thought, in the end, it would be a typical story of a teacher who could be inspired by a group of uninterested students. YAWN! But it is much more! Timothy Spall was great as Mr. Harvey - a dark, powerless teacher with a strange fascinating cathedral. Throughout the film, his story slowly appears and becomes the focal point of the story. We also met some of the troubled students - most notably Helen, also played brilliantly Nathalie Press, who got into self-mutilation. It is not a religious film but contains some strong reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says, "I do not care what anyone believes in until they try to force someone else," Harvey said, "it's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which, in my view, is often what often goes through religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of matching between characters, and the final scene of the movie was brilliant. When Harvey climbs back to the bus, director Susanna White has the camera slowly leaning up so the final shot is just in the sky - listening back to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to make people look in astonishment. The cathedral will fulfill its purpose. We look into the universe in amazement, looking for something bigger than us, but we have decided to define it. It is a very strong and very inspiring film. 9/10
