"Mr. Harvey illuminates the candle" is anchored by a great performance by Timothy Spall. Although we can predict that his titular morose, honest teacher will have some decay or catharsis based on some deep secrets of his past as his emotions are revealed, it is surprising. Spell's series of feelings that have appeared are relatively moving and more than they usually appear as part of Mike Leigh's repertoire. While the expected boring school bus trip was used only for comic purposes, such as "The Simpsons," this central situation of Salisbury Cathedral's visit to Rhadian Brook's screenplay is well-structured for dramatic purposes and is almost formally divided into storylines. <br /> <br /> The city's British scale of racially and religiously diverse children (with their uniforms I did not know if it is a "private" or "public" school) when they gather together? rap black kids, serious South Asians and Muslims, white bullies and average girls? but transported completely naturally and individually. Young actors, some of whom I recognized from British television, such as "No Shame", were thrilled to represent the usual range of junior high social pressures. Celia Imrie brings more warmth to the superior than the martinets she usually has to play. Breaking the path leads to a transformation crisis for some, while others remain funny. We think, as Teacher Ben Miles of "Connection," that we will be feeding a spoonful of didactic lessons on religious tolerance, but it is more about faith in people as well as in God, which is why the BBC showed England in Easter time and the BBC America showed it in the USA at Christmas. Nathalie Press, who was also so good at "Summer of Love," plays a key role in Mr Harvey's redemption, which could be played for the film's preaching weekly but touches when they get unexpectedly to each other (unfortunately I have seen their intense scene interrupted by ads). While this is a bit hardly conquered by a number of times emphatically called the "pilgrimage," this silent film was the best recollection of "goodwill against a man" than I have seen in most vacation-watching television films.
