Match 1 Match Tag Match Team Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started with Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the match rules, both opponents have to go through the winning tables. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up prematurely by firing Spike and then Bubba Ray. Some German supl Benoit Bubby took the wind from Brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge reassured him as Benoit and Guerrero broke up. When Benoit tossed Bubba, Guerrero set the table out. Spike plunged into the ring and, over the top rope, swung out to Guerrero outside! After recovering and caring for Spike Guerrero slipped the table into the ring and helped Wolverine set it up. The Tandem then stood on the double superplex from the middle rope that Bubby would put across the table, but Spike knocked on the table before his brother crashed. Guerrero and Benoit leaned against another table in the corner, trying to penetrate the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba threw himself in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught the fire and lifted both opponents into the droplets of the back body! Bubba hit Guerrero and Spike bounced off Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba held Benoit in the bay so Spike would rise to Wassup! headbutt! Shortly after, Benoit captured Spike on Crossface, but the game continued after Spike pulled out. Bubba came to rescue his brother, and managed to bend Benoit on the table. Bubba jumped out of the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba to break through the wood! But because his opponents did not drive him across the table, Bubba could stay in the game. The first man was expelled shortly after Spike gave Eddie over the table with Dudley Dawg from the circular apron out! Benoit gave Spike's table a moment later to even score. Within a few seconds Bubba nailed Bubb's bomb, which gave Benoit a table and gave Dudley a win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble against Billy Kidman Billy Kidman attacked Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia to the Cruiserweight Championship ring. Noble and Kidman closed and circled through the ring, but they went back inside and threw a little more. When Kidman thrashed all Noble's movements, Noble died out of the ring where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenge. Kidman tossed Nidia aside, but was taken off with a modified shoulder. Noble continued his attack on Kidman's wounded hand back into the circle. Kidman's wounded damage made his offense more difficult, but he continued a heavy fight. Noble tried to give Kidman away with the powerbomb, but the challenger stood in the face. Kidman went to work with Shooting Star Press, but Noble tried to say goodbye. Kidman went back to Shooting Star Press, but this time Nobel just avoided the trip. Noble jumped Kidman into a braking bomb soon after and got a pin to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal married Jeff Hardy next in an effort to regain European championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top of his coat, then took him with a hurra-ring from an annular apron. Jeff back in the ring attacked Whisper in the wind to knock on Regal. Jeff went behind Swanton's bomb, but Regal got his knees up to Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rally and got a pin to hold the European Championship! Regal began to entertain as he saw Hardy celebrate his way back to the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Price Chris Jericho promised to end John Price's career in his match at Vengeance, which came next. Jericho tried to teach the prize for the lesson, because they started by wrestling him on the mat. Jericho continued knocking the price around the ring until his cocktail got him the best. While Jericho's showboat started on the top rope, he had the price to catch him as a superplex! The price followed with a tilt-a-whirl slam, but was taken off with an ugly dropkick in the intestine. The Novak recovered and struck his stomach, but he could not leave Y2J. Jericho went to Lionsault, but she avoided the prize. Jericho drew a bulldog and then joined Lionsault, but did not go to cover. He set a price on his feet to put on the walls of Jericho. The price had other ideas, turned this step on the pin test and got 1-2-3! Jericho went after the match. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental RVD Championship vs Brock Lesnar disqualification The next big thing and Mr. Pay-per-View interfered with the Intercontinental Championship on the track. Brock grabbed the title of the ref and immediately pressed his shoulder as he looked at the RVD. Van Dam's sharpness Brock fell early. The big man pulled himself out of the circle and set out from the steel. Brock stood up and began to deal. When Paul Heyman radiated on a circle, Brock hit the RVD on the hard floor in front of the ring. From there Brock began to overwhelm the RVD and gently threw it over the top rope. The RVD had painfully landed on its back, then had to suffer by splintering its spine against the steel circular stairs. The fight returned to the ring and Brock pressed the RVD around the ribs. The RVD broke and soon broke Brock with a kick in the temple. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock was able to kick off twice. The struggle looked as if it could be over soon when the RVD went to the five-star Frog Splash. Brock lifted Van Dam to his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD turned Brock into DDT and followed Frog Splash! He went to the pin, but Heyman pulled the ring off the ring! Ref refused immediate disqualification and soon avoided Heyman! Then the RVD jumped to Brock from the top rope and threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock picked up the champion and this time he joined the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs Great Show Booker T met in a big show one on one. The show suffered kicking and punching Booker T and hit Booker in the corner. After releasing the ring, Booker picked up the chair at the ring, but the Big Show hit her back to Booker's face. Booker tried to get back into the game by strangling the show with the camera cable at his shoulder. Booker broke the TV monitor from the position of Spanish announcers into the Showcase and then released a scissor bite that both men shot across the table! Booker went back to the circle and the Big Show stretched for a moment later. The show grabbed Booker's neck, but he was struck by a low blow and a kick in his face. Booker climbed to the top rope and placed a rudder drop to get a pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the ring into a stormy ovation as the fans hoped to find out where the game would end. Before he could talk, Eric Bishoff paused in the game to apologize for joining his personal activities. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never come into play. Bischoff said he worked in Hollywood for the past two years. He said everyone was looking for another WWE Superstar hit and everyone was talking about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H sign with RAW, he would be top-notch. Stephanie McMahon stepped out to release her own pitch. She said that because of their personal history with Triple H they both are well known. She said these two were once unstoppable and could be again. Bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once told her that Bischoff had said that Triple H had no talent and charisma. Bischoff said he was young at that time and did not know what he had, but he still has far more experience than Stephanie. The two men went on and on until he raised the Triple H with the microphone. The game said it would be easy to say that you "kicked" one of them. Three times H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but he pulled it away. He said he would rather go with the devil he knew than with someone he did not know. Before he could go, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause some trouble. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered promising that Triple H would bring NWo. HBK says there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is better friends. HBK told his friend to re-introduce the two of them together to make Bischoff's life a hell of a living. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned around and embraced the HBK and officially switched to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff was angry at his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that she has testicles and she does not. Stephanie hit Bischoff to the side of his head and left! Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge Wrestling began with loud "USA" singing and Hogan coincided Christian over the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from here. But Edge saw a kick in the Christian head and set a storm on Storm to get a mark on Hogan. Hogan started Hulk and soon caught a Christian with a big boot and a drop of his feet! Storm split the counter and Christian Hogan tossed off the ring where Storm picked up the icon. The edge was marked shortly thereafter and dropped the two rivals. He was throwing both into the corner rollers, but he lacked a spear for Strom and instead struck him. Edge captured DDT, but Ref refused and could not count. The test ran down and took Hogan off, then set off Edge with his shoe. Storm tried to get a pin, but Edge kicked two. Riksihi jumped to the test, allowing Edge to recover and kick Storm. The Christian scattered the ref, and Y2J raced and threw Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm overturned and won the title to win! Winners and Newcomers Tag Team: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. Rock vs. Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of the most successful WWE superstars faced each other in a triple battle with an undisputed champion who was in balance. Taker and The Rock met face-to-face with Kurt Angle, who asked for some attention aside. He received attention in the form of a strike from two other men. Soon after, Taker spilled out of the ring, and The Rock smirked with Angle. Angle gave a series of followers who took off Rock, but the Big One stood up against the DDT, who managed two-man. The fight continued outside the circle when Taker got up and dressed Angle and repeatedly knocked on the rock. Taker and Rock went back to the circle and Taker dropped Rock with the sidewalk to get two numbers. The rock recovered, grabbed Taker's neck and strangled him! The Angle has split the pint attempt, which is likely to have the title The Rock. The rock turned the lock on the ankle lock Kurt Angle. Angle turned this movement and the Rock Champomed Champion of the People. Shortly thereafter, The Rock destroyed Angle and hit popular elbows on the Undertaker. Angle tried to make use of releasing the Big One off the ring and covering Takera, who kicked out twice. Outside the ring, Rock stepped out of a nearby bottle of water and tore the liquid into Taker's face to blind the champion. Taker has not been left for a long time and has managed to overcome Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed at the angle of his foot and placed a gillotine foot on a circular apron. Rock rose just in time to rip off Kurt Angle's attempt. Taker captured Rock with DDT and released him for chokeslam. Angle tried to escape with a steel chair, but Taker caught him and pulled out of his hands. The Referee was captured in a subsequent fire and did not see Angle knock Taker stupidly with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker because the rock lay propensively, but the dead man somehow got on his shoulder. Angle tried to push Rock, but he also kicked. Rock stood up and landed Angle in a sharpshooter! The angle looked like he was about to tap, but Taker kicked The Rock out of the pad. Taker chose Rock and raced him with Last Ride. While the dead man hid him behind the win, Angle dived and picked Taker into the ankle lock! Taker went through pain, but managed to face him. He chose Angle for the last ride, but Angle gave a triangle beat! It seemed that Taker was about to leave, but The Rock broke Angle's catch just to get into his ankle lock. Rock stepped out of the pedestal and watched Taker chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom but Taker refused to go down and kick. Angle turned Taker into Angle Slam, but he was rocky down the Great and pinned! Winner and new champion WWE: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there's a decent PPV! Recently PPV was not very good, but it was the winner. I am giving this PPV A- <br /> <br />
