Many people know how it feels when it's lost loved. Feelings of pain, sorrow, and sadness can be unbearable. Sometimes, however, they recall a lot of the saddest emotions. This theme is beautifully rendered in the short Tulip, directed by Australian actress Rachel Griffths. The film is described as "a lot of memories as well as love". This triumphant 15-minute film is professionally involved in a chain of sensitivity and sentimentality. "Tulip" is a beautifully elaborated, touching and heart-warming tale of the journey of man in dealing with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, the "Tulip". The film opens with a growing dawn, bird screaming and a huge landscape, representing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. He plays soft music that marks the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a floral dress and an apron with a sun hat on her head. He loves Tulip carefully, stroking her ears and tapping her back. The furnishings of the house are impressive and attention to detail is fine (the vase of the tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as he spits milk from a bucket. Pouring milk and coffee together, team sign and teamwork. It is not said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and loving; draws the perfect picture of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, luck does not last forever. The tragic rush of Ruth is deeply influenced by Will. An efficient scene of faded cars highlights the isolation and vulnerability of Willy at the end of the funeral. Soon he falls into depression and becomes everything he seems to be hopeless and lost. In Will's moment of despair, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the real connection of Will with his late wife. Through the tulip Will learns to deal with Ruth's absence and overcome the heart feelings of loneliness. Each of the characters is realistically and carefully rendered, especially the part of the Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of one's own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Each interlace of his shoulders and every frown on his eyebrows causes the viewer to impress the figure. The character Ruth is greatly done by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards have a wonderful performance about supporting roles as friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add gentle humor to the hot-blooded story. Griffith's childhood anecdote, a story of loss and discovery, is remarkably captured in the "tulip". Beautifully shot and acting great, this movie will surely make you a foggy look, triumphant, or the feeling of drinking a cup of milk.
