I read several reviews of this television film, which all said the film was going too long and that it was basically just a sensational pastime. I agree that the movie probably takes too long (2h30 would be enough ...), but I certainly do not think it would be sensational. Jim Jones's extensive trip and the slow deterioration of mental illness, paranoia, and drug abuse are never corrected in a voyeuristic way. The film has time to show how Jones recruits followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are exceptional in this matter), but also when observing an unusual shift in Jones' perception of reality. It is sad to see that the egalitarian leftist and compassionate preacher becomes such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film does not begin with enough Jones' motives, which may sometimes make it a bit superficial (which may also be censorship ...). But Powers Booth's charming performance will do it all. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones' real life, but Boothe is sure to do a monster that plays credible and real. The film contains many powerful scenes, including Jones 'preaching, Jones' encounter with Divine father, notable Beatty Congressional Leo Ryan, visit to Guyana camp and, of course, a suicide scene. It's quite gloomy observable to watch and Boothe is very commanding in those last moments. Madge Sinclair is shining as one of the suddenly skeptical followers, like Veronica Cartwright (like Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it comes time to drink a murderous potion. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment, make sure that these images are not completely erased from the mind. Disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It is worth watching, just remember one of the really terrible events of the 20th century. Do not leave it again. Just as ironically is the inscription in Jim Jones camp: "Those who do not know the past need to repeat it."
