You love it or you hate it, it's hard to find Warren Beatty on "Dick Tracy," the 1990 film adaptation of Chester Gould's famous comic, nothing more than a classic genre. Superhero movies have been based on wood products in recent years, and may soon become a genre in itself. Beatty's film exploits Gould's source material for full effect, filming in all six bands with primary colors, giving this unique, yet known world a host of happy mutant gangsters and relaxed, seductive women with a fresh visual style and tone. It can be said that the strong visual aesthetics of the film is drastically short-lived, changing characters and their acting skills that I do not think could be further from the truth. "Dick Tracy" enjoys his looks and spooky characters, and Beatty himself, and the intact detective of the title, is well stoic and ready to grab the bad boys at all costs. In addition to the visual delicacies and Oscar's Christmas make-up, there is a plot and Big Boy Caprice (Al Pacino, well-surprised in an Oscar nomination) tries to eliminate Tr, but also tries to gain control of all crime in the city by joining all feudal gangs under with you. <br /> <br /> Tracy in the meantime juggles her relationship with Tess Trueheart (Glenne Headly), who as her name will have, remains faithfully alongside and cares about The Kid (Charlie Korsmo) who finally finds her father looked at our hero who had criminalized. Tracy's fidelity Tess is tempted by the advances of Breathless Mahoney (Madonna), who is also a major exertion of Big Boy. At the same time that everything falls, things get warmer when a new criminal figure arrives in the city and decides to play on both sides against the middle. The performances are good because Beatty focuses on the strained and romantic relationships between each of the wires becoming the center of the material, unlike just concentrating on unnecessary action and special effects. Pacino loosely chews up the scenery in a role that truly excels with the others. <br /> <br /> "Dick Tracy" is one of the best and most overlooked comic book genres. I think if Chester Gould was still alive, he would be proud of the fact that Warren Beatty accepted his beloved detective who was fighting crime. <br /> <br /> 8/10
