Most successful comic strips usually depend on having bigger villains than life ready to jump out of the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or demented line or two dialogues. Tim Burton Batmans had it, just like (Sin City) (even more bizarre). With Producer / Director / Director Dick Tracy, Warren Beatty, the villains accumulate until it becomes part of the frame. Just like a wild homage to gangster films from the 1930s - this time just for kids, unlike the darker Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is full of joy with archetypes and bright primaries, where criminals carry camouflage weapons and form on their faces to shape their personalities. Rogues like Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Eyebrows, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave his names to the characters that fit their profiles, and gave his hero jaws that could cut the glass. The film is a continuation of the visual gag, which is perfectly taken into account. If at that time movies such as Batman and (undervalued) teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker depictions of reality in comic books, Dick Tracy is a more "old school". It's a story of cops and cheaters, or rather a cop, Detective Tracy, when they try to grab the Big Boy (Al Pacino, which is probably his most important performance and in some sense the one that makes sense of his magnificent style) but without such luck. There's also a little kid, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who in some way brings the little guy more than he imagined) and Tracy's love interest in Tess. And then there is the "dame" nightclub (Madonna, which probably does not have any great acting performance, but maybe it suits the role well and she sings great when invited) who are not witnesses if Tracy does not admit feelings, I do not have no. Then it's a complicated deal with Tracy and a mysterious camouflaged figure with scratggly voice. Meanwhile, as if the Howard Hawks pretends to be a splash of visual effects and bigger explosions, Dick Tracy adds comedy to blinks and nods and events like syrup on a high stack of palaces. Wondering to look at this world, which is created in a way that is fascinating for them to be doing today, would simply be a proxy of computers (Sin City, which can be rightly compared to the Beatty movie). We are being traversed by this world in great shots, and then we are pushed into a conspiracy line or what it is, in large editing assemblies with camera angles that look like they come from those little tilted panels in old comics. I almost remembered the Cotton Club during these sequences, because the story, music, details, and several BIG punches and shots make a long way to revealing what to say, which is not more than it needs. And the script is also a massive clever dialogue (one of my favorites: "the enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy," plus one of Pacino's references to other characters in quotes). <br /> <br /> Re-evaluate it after the first sight in the cinema (and just remember the small pieces), Dick Tracy is a heavily boiled fantasy in the best grades. It is filled with a good mood for the kids and with some nice good action it separates itself without any sinister intention of its cousins ​​in comic stripes (ie PG-13 fare), and for adults its center turned away a fake and a solid feeling of dirty. Even Dustin Hoffman can handle it and he hardly says an audible word!
