Initial credits contribute to a brilliant, atmospheric escape experience full of little comic nods. All the good guys are good, all bad are bad and the film is packed with the famous characters of the actors who are covered with horrific make-up to characterize their characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the ultimate hard-tempered guy, invincible, usually calm, always a better fighter than the other, and rarely move the boundary of legality. Al Pacino, like the "Big Boy," Caprice steals every scene he's in, like a gangster in some unnamed metropolis of the 1930s. Maddonna plays the kind of guy who is probably going to play best, Breathless Mahoney, night club singer and femme fatale with her own little agenda. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's stubborn, furious, long-standing girl. And then there's The Kid, the humorous little alley Tracy, who prepares for what he's preparing for his replacement father, and rescues Tracy when the detective accepts his fate being thrown out. Supporting players are Who is the character of the actors. Charles Durning is the Chief of Police. Dick Van Dyke is a district prosecutor who is bribed by big boys to keep him in the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous twist like Mumbles, who has such a lament so incomprehensible that the cops can not do the head or the tail of what to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of Big Boy's gangster gangsters, creating a special loyalty to create a network of crime spreading across the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 pianists, a show for Breathless. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, formerly Breathless, until Big Boy makes him "Bath". James Caan wears a relatively small make-up in his performance as the only gangster that will not go along with Big Boy a big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are upgraded to Big Boya, Flattop and Itchy. This film keeps all the comic corn and is full of vivid colors. Almost all suits are processed in blue and green, yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie - and then some! The matte images that are being used truly realize this world as two-dimensional, only in three-dimensional assemblies. Humor is rich. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he has ever played or ever since. The big boy is a little crazy, and a kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric little man who prides himself on quoting our founding fathers and adapting to great political leaders. A man with a plan, always looking for the smartest way of doing business.
