Time for the Rant, eh: I thought the Spirit is a great movie that can be watched. However, there were a few things that stopped me to rate it higher than 6 or 7 (I'm a bit generous with 7). Point 1: Matt Damon is getting worse. I wondered what voice he got for the main character when I first heard him - and then I realized it was Matt Damon. That person miss me so badly - his performance at "The Departed" was terrible and destroyed the film for me (before the film got the chance to destroy itself, but that's another story for some other time), as almost did "Spirit" . I was able to overcome this fact because of how little the story really was ... thanks. <br /> <br /> Point 2: Brian Adams is upset ... The whole score was terrible ... The songs were non-original, generic and badly done; not once I found the music to fit; and the lyrics were terrible. Each time one of the lame songs appeared, I was off. I almost thought I'd start to hear some patriotic propaganda slipping into superameric texts about freedom (I could not help, but I remembered the terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio constantly on the radio). In light of the original American aspects of the film, they should go with appropriate music using the right tools, not the little radio-hit, teen-bop, 14-year-old-girl girls. I thought I was back in high school. I can not believe that nothing better could be done - I refuse it. If it was not, I would sort out a movie with Disney who knows something about originality (ok, do not bother to say what I know, some of you think;). It's a pity that they could not hire better musicians. I liked art and animation, except for some things here and there ... as sometimes the angles are too sharp on the face and the lines too thick or dark on the body (thick / dark lines mainly near the end). There have often been times when I thought they were trying hard emotions and facial expressions and failed to draw any real emotions. But there were times when the emotion was strong. Anyway, many scenes were lazy and the layers were obvious. Ok, I'm going to sleep here so I'll summarize before I make less sense ... <br /> <br /> Try to make an epic film ... it turned out to be average. Matt Damon, you suck!
