Some time in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, some cowboys who need money, go hunting for buffalo. The group leaders believe the buffalo is too numerous to have an impact, but the experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse and is not so sure. Introducing the herd of buffalo living in South Dakota and introducing a real hunting movie (the film's introduction explains that it is a necessary thinning of the herd), the film does a great job that presents a storm and its influence on native Americans without learning it. The real story, however, is about a dysfunctional family that is created by a small group created for hunting. Father is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother," is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs work after losing his cattle. The Plinidian boy, who hates the fact that he looks completely Caucasian, plays the role of an adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is alcoholic buffalo skin; Charlie's wife is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after stealing his horses. Charlie is probably the most interesting character. It's bad and insulting to everyone around you, but at the same time she knows they are the only family and friends she has. He expects hijacked Indian women to hate him, then accept him, but he does not know how to react when he rejects. He is the one who put the family together, but he is also the one who is doomed to eventually destroy it. All this is very similar to the classic "Red River", which also breaks the family of species from an increasingly violent and alienated paternal figure. As you can expect, this movie is suffering from a comparison. The story is not so focused on the development of characters and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes working on this common goal. Charlie is so inappropriate from the very beginning that we have no reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding the buffalo defeat adds another dimension to the film and its conclusion is much better than the end of Hollywood, which was glued to the end of the "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film that is very well made, but does not reach what is to be considered a classic.
