I recently looked at the Spirit and liked it very much, I've seen it four times on HBO and buy a DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that `Vanishing Point 'is just another movie for the pursuit of vehicles and' Thelma & Louise 'was just another movie. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it from you. Another common feature of these films is caring, thoughtful types of "guard angels" who help the main characters overcome unfavorable events. Other reviews here show how this film relates to the theme of civilization attacking someone else's Home. All you have to do is look around the weakening open areas around us to see it. I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got the horses to look, act and move naturally. Spiritual emotions were very clear as the story unfolded (yes, I realize that a bit of a horse is manipulated, but this is a fiction). In several action scenes, you feel caught in a stream of sand and heat from a forest fire. In other, quieter scenes (which are most of the time) you can enjoy the background. One of the great things that make the story really work is by not going to the conversation, singing animals to the animal. This would take the power of the story. Instead, the story tells the occasional narrative of the main hero, another punch is added by a fantastic soundtrack. Another increment is that they are not afraid to give the story a somewhat dark side (which really made this film observable). This is not predominant in the whole movie, and the conclusion is adaptable and uplifting without being pathetic. Those who appreciate the horses really love this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse movie. I do not feel it would be a good movie that kids would do if they were brought up on the sloppy fare that is being offered today. But if they are a thoughtful species that can handle surprising stories like Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Damn, I'm 35 years old and I still love you.
