Ghost: Stallion Cimarron is a beautiful movie overall. Mixing types of animations is unique, the story is amazing and the music is amazing. Drawn animation is a special thing about many animations. As expressed by figures, especially horses, through animation are extremely spectacular. While the way the horses communicate through body language, it is easy to understand that many young children and people who did not have horse studies may not understand. Without words I would have imagined that it would have to be difficult to express them through the features. For this reason, I understand the "eyebrows" they added to the horses (while the real horses do not have the strong lines). One of the few things I noticed about horses of habits that could be strangely portrayed is that the Spirit was leading her mother's herd. In horses of wild horses, the stallion is usually chased by young foals. Also, while some people may think they are displaying White Army officers because stereotypes are "bad people", think about all the movies that native Americans have been portrayed like this. Sometimes at that time; they had to treat mustangs very badly. For example, in real history, the Appaloosa breed has almost been abolished for army officers. Imagine what would happen to one of the most beloved equestrian breeds if native Americans did not save them. I think it's amazing how realism has not been deduced by talking to one another. Spiritual feelings were expressed in a bit of narration but mainly by music (Bryan Adams). Tracks tell the story really well, and Hans Zimmer and Bryan Adams did a great job telling the story through melodies and lyrics. <br /> <br /> The emotion I got when watching the movie, whether for the first time or the twentieth (yes, I've seen it so much), you would not believe it. Some of the scenes exhale you while others seem to tear your eyes. The launching sequence that displays the Spirit family directs you instantly into a spectacular action. I do not understand at all why some people are so hateful to hate them. Overall, it's 10/10 - it has to look.
