I had the privilege of watching Scarface on a large screen with a beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the release of the films. It was great to see it on the big screen, because so many of them are lost in television series and the overall scale of this project can not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of a classic rag to the richest hell of the story featuring Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban ship's immigration wave in the late 1970s in the early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts will quickly get green cards by setting off a political figure in Tent City and a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is running on his terrible journey to complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Many characters in this movie played in such a way that it's so nice to watch that I've forgotten this movie for the past twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is flawed by being too trusting, and how quickly Tony reads, soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez, is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the highest howard and does anything for Frank; it's like he does not have his own mind. Tony will see it quickly and constantly fight with Suarez, but he really sees it just as a small problem to get to the top. The character that always returns to me so well that it plays so great is Mel Bernstein, the frankly corrupted detective Miami Narcotics, played by Harris Yulin (Training Day.) Mel, blameless blaming big amounts of money from all sides of the pharmaceutical industry. He plays Tony from Frank until he meets him in a scene that will mark the Frank and Mel movie. It is absurd to hear that Frank asks Mel to laugh because Tony is about to kill him just to hear Mel say, "It's your Frank tree, you sit in it." This is from the man Frank has paid for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's upsurge is meteoric, and his rapid crash and burning are just offset by speed and intensity. After Frank stepped out and married his wife and business, Tony takes greed and never seems enough. When Tony delves deeper into the world of drugs, greed and inability to believe, he eventually kills his best friend and sister, who falls in love and marries. It all docks the end in which Tony's composition is attacked by the army from his vendor who feels betrayed because Tony would not commit the political murder that was ordered. All of this creation is a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be a accomplice in a murder involving the woman and the children of the victim. Overall, it's a great show of 80-year-old culture and cocaine. DePalma does a great job by holding it together in one of the fastest moving three-hour films. Violence is extremely graphic and contains several scenes that will be eroded forever to any viewing mind, especially the horrible, visible chain saw, the two-point blank shots on the head and the whole bloody melee that ends the movie. This is a highly recommended stylishly filmed movie that is not meant for squeamish, or for those who need optimistic ends and potential sequels; DePalma let everything fly here.
