One of the most definitive gangster films of the 1980s is Scarface a very film of its time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it screams at you, "Made in 1983". Costumes, music script and soundtrack, hairstyles do not make a mistake, it's a movie about criminality in the eighties, and though it should be great. It's still an excellent movie. While Georgina Moroder's music is quite decent, it still proves the story of Tony Montana through Oliver Stone's excellent screenplay and Brian De Palma's first film, one of two films he has made with Pacino to be a fantastic Carlit's journey.) All trademarks of De Palma are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on that later), stylish exceses such as grandiose sets and, of course, stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance over the top, this is one of those movies that Pacino does not say so much that his lines are screaming, this time with a wonderful Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastically. It could just go so far across the top and still get away from the film with its acting integrity in tact. While some may complain about his shouting of his line and the absolute surplus of all this, it is an exaggerated film. Check out Tony's Production Design, check out the violence in this movie. The impact of a chain saw is totally brutal and their blood is everywhere. The shooting at the end has bodies at a rate that is more similar to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Check out the amount of coke that is displayed in the movie so the power of Pacino is suitable for the film. He is supported by actors who are more akin to telling their lines in a more controlled manner. Steven Bauer, especially Manny, Tony's best friend, is out of support. His performance is so controlled and silent in De Niro in a way that is amazing how he ended up directly into video soft porn. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds charm, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. Of course it's more than a surplus film. It's more than drugs, violence, chainsaw attacks, and a big big shot. This is a film about the darker side of the American Dream. In many ways it does at the thematic level with The Godfather. Tony finds himself in America, he gets everything, he's living an American dream and then loses him in all violent ways, and by saying he's losing everything, I think he'll lose everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his realm falls apart literally around him and kills him at his own headquarters, bullets mingle with bullets. <br /> <br /> No doubt, Scarface is one of the key films of the early 1980s. Sure, it does not have the finesse of The Godfather, but it's still a great movie and one that's worth it over and over again.
