Many people like this movie and many love it, but it seems to be all for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be loved and loved, but not as it was or is. Many people say that acting was over the top, but who should better do more than Al Pacino's top character. To say that Pacino went over the top, it would be an understatement. Yet it does so well, just to bring you an inner demon. His character Tony Montana was not such a great kid, but his desire for power only brought his illnesses of greed to a different level; inhumane level. Sometimes it seems that Pacino is a little cartoon and unreal, but it seems to me that it is not at all. The support cast served very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her best, but she definitely played her role. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was in his best job, still Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and, like Michelle Pfeiffer, she played her role very well. Robert Loggia I always enjoyed watching when I saw him screaming. Other than Pacino, there were really no unusual or unforgettable performances. Everyone seemed to fit them when they were there. They did not agree perfectly, but they were pretty convincing. Brian De Palma has done a very good job driving this movie. Whenever an actor is able to make his performance bigger than his life, the director should have a certain credit, and certainly I will definitely do De Palme. Brian De Palma, although he did not respect, is, in my view, a very versatile director. He knows how to manage movies according to their genres, but that has never been the case. Here it is, it is a gangster film, but only a little is better than this for De Palma. The writing was great, it was just Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this movie and saw that it was written by Oliver Stone, I was not a little surprised. This is testimony for him. I'm always a great writer about him, and Scarface again proves it to me. No one knows how to write a movie about unreal reality than Oliver Stone. The music was good, but not so great. It's definitely not my favorite by Giorgio Moroder. The music was for me somewhat eighties, but it did not destroy me. Cinematography was good, not amazing, but really who cares about such a movie. <br /> <br /> It's probably been one of the most influential movies in the past 25 years, but as mentioned earlier, it's for inappropriate reasons. People have to realize that Tony Montana's character is not a hero, it's a monster. It is by no means inspirational. It is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated and consumed. Yet it is a model for many people because it is somehow rebel, but probably because it is a fake gangster. The vigilance would be like Mother Teresa next to Scarface. The good thing about this movie is that it shows that Tony Montanas is not a real problem. If we or the people of authority wanted to close people like her, we could do it, but we did not. In a strangely twisted way, it is a must for our company. He's someone you can blame everything for, and he looked better than you do. Tony Montanas' of this world are the scapegoat of our society. This is by no means an unspeakable person like him. Instead, it reminds us rather that we should not justify or let ourselves do bad things just because we are measuring or thinking that we are better off than a gangster or a drug dealer. I like this movie because it's more than a corrupt film, it's a film that reflects in a strange way.
