In 1983, director Brian De Palma decided to shoot a film about the rise and fall of the American gangster, with the help of Oliver Stone's great screenplay and the impeccable work of an outstanding cast. The result was "Scarface," where Al Pacino played in one of the most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port of Mariel in Cuba to allow Cuban nationals to join their families in the United States. 125,000 at that time left Cuba, for the green pastures of freedom in America, and most of them were sincere, hardworking people, grateful for the opportunity they gave them. But not everyone. Among the "Marielitos" who flowed to Florida, about 25,000 were registered in criminal records and there was nothing less than dunes from Cuban prisons - criminals considered to be the redemption Castro was about to get rid of. And they also saw America as a country of opportunity, even when Al Capone considered Chicago fifty years ago. And among the most ambitious was the man of Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his coworkers as "Caracortada". Scarface. Now that he was liberated from the name of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what seemed to him to be coming, and now he wanted it; and from the moment he got out of the ship in Florida, he was determined to have everything. Wealth and strength - it was the dream of Montanty and he would get it by doing what he did best and started with kindness for a man who lives in Miami, named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez seems to have had a brother in Cuba who was struggling with the premature end in the hands of one of Castro's boys, a man who had been eliminated unnecessarily after being used for Castro and was currently held in Little Havana along with Montana and all Cubans just by the ships where they waited for their documents from the government that would mean their transition to new lives. And in short order Montana takes care that Lopez's brother was vengeful and set the stage for his own entry into the underworld of America. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, returns for the favor of Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the holding camp and puts them to work. In his days, Capone bootlegging might have been a means by which he could balance his box office with illegal profits, but Lopez has a modern equivalent and is even more lucrative: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and refreshes him to life, but as soon as he tastes it, Montana is not satisfied with what Lopez thinks fit to throw his way, and sets the course to be: On the "top". In cold-iron, Montana decides to do anything to get there, no matter what the cost. but before he finishes, he realizes the prize for his dream and he pays; but for a brief moment, maybe he will know how it is to be a man. And it will also know whether it is worth it or not. <br /> <br /> In step with the vision of De Palma, Pacino plays Montana bigger than life and makes it beautiful. From the emphasis he influences (who has thoroughly explored to make sure he does the right thing - and he did), into the body language and attitudes, he has everything, making Montana convincing and real. What brings to the role is the nuance and style so that few actors (De Niro could be one). This is certainly not a character that is in any way sympathetic, nor is it about Montana something you could easily focus on on a personal level; but the presence of the Pacino screen is so strong that it makes a very careful nature even though it's hard to engage with it emotionally. It's just a dynamic, unforgettable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer also gives solid performance in a role that put her on a star journey. Like Elvira, a woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dreaming, Pfeiffer is gentle and undervalued, which gives meaning to something that's going on beneath him, and at the same time affects a rather cold and distant external face. She, as well as Pacino, definitely makes her presence feel as she slips completely across the screen with stoic, mysterious and furious behavior. Support for the cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent predecessor of the newest and most acclaimed Traffic and Blow, as well as Peckinpah's "The Wild Bunch", De Palma's Scarface, originally criticized by critics, has since been quoted as saying that many of them are a definitive American gangster saga. Much of the violence is more than graphic, but the film still has the edge of realism that many can find somewhat worrying. But if you stay with it, you will learn the lessons at the end. And just like many lessons in life, the most valuable are often the most difficult ones at the time. But the reward is always worth it, and so it is with this film. I rate 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
