"Classic is something everyone wants to read, but no one wants to read." "Classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be a word used to describe "Scarface," 1983's Brian DePalmy film about wealth, self-esteem, greed, and danger between the Florida Medicines Circle. People and critics (and rappers for this thing) consider this film to be "epic gangster classic" or "toast of gangster films". When it's different. This is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is an amazing film that deserves praise from around the world, but not all the praise it receives from today's audience, and that's why the film is about a Cuban refugee with a past wanting to escape Communism, grasping and finding happiness. Simple? Yes. But the De Palma layer is an overhead genius, and a great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know he actually wrote a really good one here) to play it all. All characters are looking for an escape because the escape is a natural element in the movie. Every character has something to offer, which makes them all who can appreciate this film. They are connected in the world of mysticism and money, but all that is valuable, as everyone learns. Every character thinks they get better chances in life when they really get worse in real dramatic irony. "Tragedy" would be better to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for its use of drugs are violence, it is a dialogue, it is totally absent. There is nothing really positive about the movie except the positive expectations of the characters themselves. That's why the movie works so well. Devastation in the movie serves to send the film's message to look cool or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult gangsters or helpless action fans. Additionally, the film is an adult drama. It's not a "gangster film". It has its share in the event, but the action is rendered very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "aliens" - an example of a big stupid action movie, and most viewers perceive this movie as a big stupid action gangster film about how to make drugs and shoot people. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this movie is about it, then it's about how bad it is. It's not a promotion. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie is really a great movie. It has great cinematography that draws you to the story. It has a very dramatic score (in fact in the style of Giorgio Morodero), which could easily cause you to fever or bring you to tears. The film is rather tedious, but it's a story and every moment counts. The game is amazing. Al Pacino - enough to say. He can do any role he thinks, and that was no exception. Nice boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I did not think he liked him very much in other movies he did, but you really like it when he goes under the direction of Master De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real jewel like Elvira. He grabbed a bit of embarrassment in "Maze 2", got a ticket for her ride, and did not do any theft that would overcome her eye. But the three true diamonds in this harsh is Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister Gina, who, when she smiles or screams, sees her soul and her fresh life and watches as she worsens; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug master who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar interprets him as such; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina tearing her mother. These three dig the film as deep as it can go. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned one main thing when watching Scarface for the first time. Always go into the movie of unsuspecting. All the humor and chat about this movie may not make you feel better about what you really see. Only knowledge of De Palmy (just like me) will give you even a glimpse into what this film holds. So ignore rap bits, ignore soulless followers of violence and repair the Bailey glass on the rocks and enjoy the emotional observation of a great movie, the true "Scarface."
