I know when I look at this film Brian DePalmy today, I'm sure there was criticism of how it was. Also about violence. When I was watching this movie on VHS when I was 20 years old, I thought it was ultraviolet and harsh. But I did not find it. For several decades it goes on, and man how I know how much I did not get into this movie! This is a remake of an outstanding film that was performed in the 1930s and 1940s. How can you improve classics? I do not. But you tell the story that appears in the eyes of "new immigrants" during the most demanding decades, over 80 years. DePalma, Stone and the Band represent an ambitious, disturbing and darn good movie. Yes ... Disco dies and New Wave / Punk has taken over, but these Cuban immigrants who had to make a new home in Florida could not distinguish. It was exciting, that was what they wanted, but how do you get it ???? To these immigrants, there was only one way to get them to Florida where they were. By having a lot of money and getting money, you have to take control of the drug empire. Al Pacino was fantastic for me like Tony Montana, "the little train he could". What a wonderful way to have your main stance look at America: to fight, to kill, to steal. lie, cheat everything to get - "money, women and power." That's what Tony saw as an American dream. He wanted to, he wanted to live, and in his circle he did not see anything wrong with how he went to do it. Tony Montana's command of the English language was heavily saturated with the word "f", but what did you expect Emily Post's finishing school for him and his coworkers? See how CAME to America they knew what they were exposed to. That's how Tony and his crew decided "to be all they can in America." It was all about power. Tony Montana would do anything to do it ... in all his violent, lying, stealing, crooked, thieving glory. Part of the movie that reminded me of the 1980s is money laundering. Tony's crew brings drug bags to the bank. Did you care about Tony and his crew? In the clubs where he spent and drank? No way. Money was money and money, you get the power. Tony lived high from the pig. He and Michelle Pfieffer played his pretty blonde American trophy he had taken. After the rise of power, Tony Montana finds out that he is really miserable. He is dubious, he's drug addicted, he's paranoid, surrounded by those who want to take him in a bloody takeover, his American blonde drug addict who finds it boring has to stick to the top of his empire because ... goes down . And it's going down in a terribly violent way, but I'll ask again what do you expect? This is the 1980s movie telling you a narrative story about how some will not understand the American dream ... obsession. It's violent, bloody, excessive ... but it brings the point worryingly home. Not all Cubans dropped out of Cuba, who landed in Florida in the 1980s, were like Tony Montana. Give me a break. But it turned out how desperate it was in the 1980s with an emphasis on greed and money, because the only measures in the US to be "to be someone" and to have the strength took its tool for these bad characters and their lives in America. /> Are you interested - has you learned anything since then?
