Every big gangster film is under the guise of human drama. Do not expect the emotional story of guilt, revenge and despair of "Scarface". This is the story of furious greed, corruption and power. The dark side of the legendary "American Dream". Whoever complains about the "cheerfulness" of this film is missing. Surface characters, cheese music, and dated fashion are further aiding the criticism of this life of devilish surplus. Nothing in the life of these characters really matters, not at least at a human level. In fact, the film is practically bordered by satire, which is ironic to all rappers who have been positively inspired by Tony Montana's lifestyle. It's not Brian DePalma's most powerful overhead effort, it's sometimes excellent and well - (especially unforgettable finals) but often sinks into careless and misleading. Fortunately, it supports Oliver Stone's very strong screenplay (probably a good therapy for him, considering the coke habits he was fighting at the time). The themes are consistent, focusing primarily on Tony Montana's life and the evolution of his character when consumed by greed and power. Dialogue is also great, see a comfortable slice between humor and drama. There are many outgoing lines that have since appeared in popular culture in one form or another. It helps to make it too, but this really is Pacino's movie. One of his earlier, less subtle performances (much more common today) is a world completely separate from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpica. Yet it is as observable as ever, in a very entertaining form (and deliberately exceeding). It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana when he saw this movie, perhaps in one of the most imitated performances ever. Pfeiffer appeared to be boring and uncomfortable at the first tour, but I realized how a bit of a bored little woman plays. It is not an extraordinary effort, but unjustly wrong. Supporting players are also very good, especially Paul Shenar as the famous Alejandro Sosa. Powerful, sometimes humorous, sometimes shocking and constantly controversial. "Scarface" is one of eighty-year films (what could mean for you). A basic and accessible gangster film and pop-culture landmark. 9/10
