Those who gave this production so low ratings probably never saw George Balanchin's celebrated production live on stage, or have left their contempt for Macaulay Culkin's star cast to influence their judgment. Atlet Ballet had been so lucky from the sixties to the eighties that he was the first ballet company to produce this production except for the New York ballet, and I have seen it live several times on stage. I can assure the reader that the film is a fairly accurate rendering of this production and that the use of a child with limited dance capabilities in the title role is not a cheap sensation that would be dreamed to show Culkin; it was Balanchin's idea to use the child in this role, just like his idea to use the child for the role of Mary. "Strong" dance is left to adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberately scenic film; similarly resembles Laurence Olivier's "Othella". As in this film, scenic production files were expanded by the size of the film's sound scene, but not less artificial, and the ballet was directly photographed with discrete details and without the disturbing "music video" of rapid cuts featured in the 1986 overrated Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard version. There are only two false steps in this 1993 film. One of them is to add disturbing and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse clicks, children whisper "Magic!" On Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard at any stage of production of any "Nutcracker" and have been inserted as cheap concessions just to appease the countless audiences who would not enjoy the idea of ​​watching the ballet on the film. <br /> <br /> Another fake step is Macaulay Culkin's makeup, which looks ridiculous. When the screen is like a Nutcracker, rather than a huge mask (as is always done in the production of Balanchine on the scene), Culkin is actually made as a toy - wearing what looks like a bare hat, like a white wig, beard and beard. His face is somewhat horrible, and the worst aspect of his makeup is that his face is still recognizable, amateurishly transformed, like Raye Bolger's makeup, Jack Haley and Bert Lahra in "The Wizard of Oz" (but this filmmaking makeup was generous, because this is not). And the comparison with Baryshnikov's bastard in his * production shows how great the Baryshnikov's mask a nutcracker was - "jaws" seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head back. Dance himself in the Macaulay Culkin version is great, of course, except Culkin, whose dance, as I said, is not even spectacular. (Sweet Sweet Fairy and her Cavalier are for dancing roles in the production of Balanchine "Nutcracker"). However, the colors of the film may be a bit brighter because it's fantasy. The choreography is also great and her adaptation is so faithful that it includes a sequence that contains other music from the Tchaikovsky Ballet "The Sleeping Beauty" - as Marie falls down, sleeps on the sofa and dreams that Drosselmeyer "corrects" a broken nutcracker (this sequence of course, never appeared in the original Tchaikovsky ballet - it is the only sequence in this production that contains music from a different work than the "Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who missed this movie or those who despise (or do not want it) should give it a chance, despite two big disadvantages. It is much better than it seems when you hear that Culkin is in it.
