Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with the Europa Europa film about the Holocaust from Agnieszky Holandsko, this third feature film by a filmmaker, never surprise, inspired by straightforward shock, is a bizarre, nostalgic and complicated film about a naive American in Germany . after the end of the Second World War. The American, by the name of Leo, does not fully get what he does. He came to engage in the consolidation of the land, because in his mind it is time for Germany to show up as a charity. No matter what it sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer, or even a pro-German, just mixing. His uncle who works on the rail gets Leo to work as a helmsman on a sleeping car and increasingly fits into the belief of German horror and puzzles in 1945. This process begins when Leo plays rather unforgettably calm and still restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets with a crazy heiress on the train, played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with gentletes on the surface but inner strength. She takes him away and then takes him home to meet the family who owns the company that makes the trains. These were the exact trains that led the Jews to their deaths during the war, but now a proper schedule is running, and Uncle Kessler stands as another of the good Germans who were just doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, a huge actor who fired me off in the second shocking film epidemic of Von Trier, even though there is only a scenery. Another guest of the house is Eddie Constantine, a quiet actor playing a dark American reporter. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, even if he was completely sneaky for Leo. For decades, Americans have been characterized as credible ruby ​​from their element, but few have been less crazy than Leo, who has returned to his work on what gradually looks like his own adapted mortal train. <br /> <br /> The story is deliberately uncoordinated by the Danish director of film Lars Von Trierem, whose anchor is in the film of amazing editorial and cinematography. Shooting in black and white, using double exposures, optical effects and trick pictures, the actor interacts with back shots, puts his characters in a richly shaded visceral world, so he sometimes feels like insects caught between glass for our more accurate exploration. <br /> <br /> This grand prize-winning surrealist work is allegorical, but maybe in a clear tone for every viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism symbolized by the train and the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who appeared too late to save the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they divided their convicted ships. During the time period of the film and the Nazi state and such a meaning on the train they are dead, but just like dull chickens, they persist in the indignation of their reflexes. Characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammocks and almost satirically obtained from film noir conventions. The most interesting points in the film are entirely cinematic. Two trains stopped and back, Barr on one, and Sukow on the other. Underwater shot of spreading blood. Extremely expressive sequence of what must be drowned. And the most metaphysically affecting all, the anesthetic of the trains, as Max von Sydow's voice leads us to come back to Europe and leave our personal restraint.
