William Castle is renowned as a horror fan as a B class director of the fifties and sixties. His tricks, his cost cutting technique and his unique vision are legendary. So it is not surprising that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who made countless papers) finally made time to devote documentation of his size. This is "Spine Tingler: William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general knowledge of who was the castle when he saw some of his movies over the years. I did not know anything about my personal life, my goals, my ambitions. This movie has really improved the person and gave me a more complete appreciation for his dedication to making the film and his contributions to the horror genre. The film describes Castle as an opponent with Alfred Hitchcock, while Hitch is an artist who wins praise while Castle is a carnival barker that gains cult renown but much less respect. It's an icon to all other directors who get there, so it's not surprising that John Waters is at this point prominent. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have significant roles.) His tricks were what his glory brought, and the documentary tries to explain them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The original 3-D "13 spirits" (see separate review), a buzzer in the seat for "The Tingler" (see separate review), money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... watching these films outside the theater, we can judge them for their content (which I personally like), but we can not fully understand what the audience once did. The culmination of the film is when the castle moves from the director to the Hollywood producer. After purchasing the rights to "Rosemary's Baby" is placed in a very special place to negotiate his film release. He tries to drive, he is diverted to the producer to make way for the new director Roman Polanski. While he is disappointed at first, it is one of the best opportunities in his life - a very successful film and the work he is outstanding for. Who better checks Polanski's wild handbag than Penny-pinching? It was his top achievement, although unfortunately the film is more often associated with Polanski than with the castle. The rest of his flights take place and our daughters and nieces give us personal thoughts. Everyone seemed to have nothing but praise for men. Somewhere along the way, he definitely upset one or two people, but you would never know that movie. And I find this finding - it's a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of this genre would do well to choose a copy of this work. Personally, I would recommend to highlight the William Castle collection, which not only has this but eight of the castle's films, special features. Even this document comes with a commentary so you can hear how Schwarz personally was affected by the castle and Terry's daughter, who gives the usual reflections of her experiences with various movies and remakes. It's almost a new movie.
