For some reason, this film never appeared in its native language on the neck of the forest (even though it owned the TCM Channel UK Cable, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles a week). More disappointing is that it's still M.I.A. on DVD? even from the recently announced "Warners Boxing Classical Collection" (which includes three other genre efforts by Robert Taylor); Perhaps it will save for a possible "signature collection" devoted to this beloved MGM, who next year may come to the 40th anniversary of his departure? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows him a rare vicious role as a selfish Western with fanatical hatred towards the Indians and who decides to use his professional shooting by creating some simple money for buffalo hunting; the initial statement offers alarming statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the space of just 30 years! As a companion, Taylor chooses Stewart Granger for a former trade professional? who collects an alcoholic, pin-legged Lloyd Nolan (who is constantly a fairy tale offensive and vengeful Taylor) and teenage half Russ Tamblyn for this purpose. As expected, the relationship of the company is restless? recalls this in the center of Anthony Mann's NAKED SPUR (1953), another bleak open-air MGM Western. In fact, the film is much closer to the taste and tenacity of Mann's work in this area (though Brooks writer / director was the first of only a handful of such trips, but who has cumulatively displayed remarkable diversity); here is the story that fits a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half breed) to be hardened between two rough drivers? and Granger, as well as James Stewart of NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only reluctantly (his remorse that he has to kill buffalo for just sport and profit is effectively realized). He also suffers from the sight of Taylor taking Paget himself? she bravely but coldly takes his approach while secretly longing for Granger? and allow his frustration with the locals at the bar while he is drunk! Taylor himself does not come from the agreement: as a hero of the FAMILY OF SIERRA MADRY (1948), will he become restrained and jealous of his collaborators, especially with regard to the rare? and why expensive? to hide the white buffalo they hunted; he even goes bizonek-crazy in one place (as Nolan predicted), became in love with the hardship of the thunder thunder for approaching meat of the species! Are the hunting scenes themselves impressive? buffaloes that dive are sinking to the ground when they hit, infinite daytime catch and carcasses that then attack meadows. The unusual but unforgettable revelation of the film is famous: with Winter in full swing, now paranoid Taylor outside for Granger's blood awaits outside the cave (in which the other and Paget resorted) to shoot him; when Granger appears the next morning, will Taylor find himself in a dilapidated position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father owns a copy of the original novel of this film (from Milton Lottta) since the time of the original film release: actually gathered a huge number of such editions? is the end of the practice still fashionable? where the book is re-released to support her film adaptation. Likewise for recording, Taylor and Granger? who cooperate well? (like siblings of whale hunters!) in the naval adventure of ALL BROTHER OWNERS (1953), which is, as curiously, equally difficult to see (in fact, even more so since it has not even been shown on Italian television for what looks like ages) !!
