Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was movie star Stewart Granger or could not stand to hear it mentioned? did he even tear the vintage poster for the film when he introduced it for signature in his later years? but then the director ran with his wife, so it's understandable. For someone else, it is one of the best adult Westerns of the 1950s and years ago in its attitude to the environment. In many ways, he plays almost as a continuation of one of Anthony Mann's Western people, who sees their heroes pulling to their redemption, kicking and screaming at each step. Here, Granger's legendary buffalo hunter saw the light, but after Buffalo stamped his stallion of cattle in the hearing of poetic justice, he pulled them back to darkness by the distracting and proud racist gunman Robert Taylor, justifying it by saying, "I've already got a guilty conscience I could also have money. " Ridged Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he causes as the disappearing buffalo heads for extinction, and gradually becomes almost as consumed with self-confidence as Taylor's hatred. When both men fall over Debra Paget's cat? the only surviving group of Taylor Indians to kill? and white Byzantine skin, which is invaluable to hunters and Indians for various reasons, proving to become inevitable, although the outcome is certainly not. <br /> <br /> Taylor is definitely an ironic casting? it was Granger refused many of the epic roles MGM developed for him in films like Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe that gave Taylor his 50s comeback after years of steady decline. His hair color does not have to convince, but his performance does, a shallow and violent person who is so hateful that he is not wearing a gun, wearing the weapons. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he does a good silent hero in the Jimmy Stewart format, trying to keep his newly acquired grace and align his actions with his conviction before finally getting a chance to change. Russ Tamblyn's halfbreed skinner and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged old-timer also do as well as they get, but the real star is the script: closely rendered with an excellent eye and ear for the character? not to mention the ending Stanley Kubrick borrowed for The Shining? equalizes historical revisionism with an amusing drama without selling either a short one. The new French DVD is free, but boasts a 2.35: 1 transmission with an English soundtrack.
