Although I do not usually go on a relentlessly powerful heart like this, I found myself caught in the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on a cable one Saturday morning just as he started. I was a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see Brody as a 21-year-old (20 years old when he shot it, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, the utility for the Californian angels of 1951, the heavyweight baseball team was Pittsburgh Pirates, changing the name is a nice touch because it changes the name to playing the words). I decided to give a chance a chance, and it turned out to be quite painless, even a pleasant experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweets and excitement on baseball. Also my seven-year-old daughter loved the effects of an angel! :-) Directed by frequent collaborator Mika Nesmith William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who is really trying hard on his famous father (convincingly stupid Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically saying they will be family again instead of the California Angels wins the flag. Soon Roger begins to see real angels in angelic games led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual neglect, eccentric unconsciousness leads AitO from an irreversible descent to the Schmaltz Zone. Crispy manager George Knox (Danny Glover in a tired world, exasperated mode) is hard to sell, but once the team begins to win, he believes Roger is an angel of observation, and soon Knox has Roger and his cute li'l friend and fellow JP foster Milton Davis Jr.) on every Angels game for happiness. Knox even begins to tone up his own lively explosions and frantic tongue as well as reassuring angels as for children, which is unfortunate when he starts dressing the referee in his usual way, but starts adjusting when he goes. Predictable obstacles, such as an unpleasant athlete Rander Wilder (Jay O. Sanders), are trying to make Knox trouble because of the angle of view. Sure, it all works well for our heroes, but they're so tricky that you do not mind! :-) Brod has two good lines (especially I like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem on the ball), as well as the cute little piece where the pretty blond girl is massaging her shoulders before going to the bat. Brody is not the only future star in AitO: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course the young Gordon-Levitt has continued to star in the 3rd ROCK OF THE SUN, as well as films like 10 LOVE WE DO NOT TAKE ABOUT YOU. Always amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson provide support. If you're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for kids and look at some notable young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do fine.
