I'm a huge fan of Woody Allen, so when I saw he was playing in the cinema, I could not help. I wanted to see Allen watch his beautiful Match Point movie because it's another of his films shot in G.B. (which is unique among Allen's work) along with what appears to be his new muse by Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is much lighter than MP and humor is the most popular aspect of Scoop. Reflection revolves around Johanson's character (a student of journalism) who gets a hot sting on a hot story outside the grave. He falls in love with the suspect serial killer (Jackman) and has to decide if the truth is worth finding. And all this is happening with the help of a magical magician who has become a detective played by Allen. I have to say that I enjoyed Johanson's performance well, but I'm a bit distorted, I could watch a three-hour film with Johanson on a busy morning and stay excited. She plays contemplative, angry loving valentines, which is a bit different in the sense of Allen's stereotypical neurosis. Adds a good body language for a comic effect. No need to say that almost everyone who sees it will find Johanson's figure incredibly cute and that's a plus. Allen is Allen ... He still plays the same character as Chaplin and his little tramp. Something that appears in this movie is thinking about seeing neurotic small hypochondrias again. He is not in the cast of his next shot and spends more time just behind the camera because the late ... Jackman is also nice as a strange, millionaire murder suspect. I can not say that Jackman does anything to do this role, but still suits him. <br /> <br /> As for the plot, I can not help you, but feel it's fresh ... In fact, it smelled of Curse of the Jade Scorpion. Johanson and Allen are more detective than anything else. However, I have to applaud Allen for its end because it's a little smarter than your typical, unprecedented Hollywood version of this movie. Instead of everything that is black and white, things are painted in shades of gray. Being totally innocent has nothing to do with it or a clear guilt. Though the plot seemed old, Woody still has one murder. I found his cues on his latest film interesting ... Let's go for humor, laugh and be cheerful. <br /> <br /> Needless to say if you like Allen's work. If I do not look at anything else ...
