Above all, let me say that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to adopt a stance: "I came for a comedy and I look forward to George." but for whatever reason, they all seemed to be in the comedy. Recently, Woody tried to make a direct comedy (Little Time, Crooks, Jason Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I felt as if one of the shops felt tense and a bit obsolete. I remember thinking, "It would be fun at the beginning of the sixties." So when I got into this movie, I was afraid Woody was becoming a deafening tone, but in this, his comedic sensitivity was perfectly suited. It's true that there were a lot of people from AARP who carried people, but there were also a lot of 20-year-olds and 30-year-olds, and they all looked like they got it, and sometimes they had fun, snacks, laughs, and so on. In many cases, people who laughed so loudly that you missed another line were throwing. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody chased the famous country. As I figured on a trailer, this movie had a lot of mystery about murder in Manhattan, but it was more than smidgen from the Oedipus Wrecks (New York stories), Alice, and even a little homage to Danny Rose's Broadway at the beginning. Even with Woody in Scarlett, like Sondra, she was Woody-proxy sometimes, but her character was far from Nebish to tell us Will Ferrell Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in the Celebrity. Instead of archetypal ticks and quizzes, Sondra's nagging comes directly from family history, which he shares soon. On many occasions, a "family business" leads her to malapropism that we get as an audience, while characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequiturs. Because we are all a joke, we can not just laugh. But laughter does not come from recognizing Woody's nebbish, but really from character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack, or even Mia Farrow in front of her, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to make Woody's role. And so we will not let go of the narrative, because Woody's voice suddenly appears on the face of someone else. As my friend commented on the way, Sid, the character played by Woody is a supporting role, but more of a middle class than I hoped to go in. This time, however, Woody seems to have written a character that really suits his current person. Unlike Ed Edda's sage-like character in Anything else, or his blind Hollywood director Ending, this time the character is comfortable. Perhaps even more important, this time the character works in the story. In the richer circles they are in there, there is even more fish than Scarlett, who is accustomed to a great comedic effect. Sid is a descending, outpatient magician who plays a small audience, but the fact that he is from another era is located in the front and center areas for our enjoyment. But what about Jackman? And what about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I enjoyed both to the point of being used in a piece. I really liked just a short but effective McShane bend. Jackman is charming with the ease of "old money," which was so often portrayed in movies 50 years ago. (The Class of Echoes of Purple Roses in Cairo?) So what did I think? Short answer, maybe his best direct comedy since 1994 Bullets Over Broadway. Fewer stylized than the Aphrodite Mound. Less corrosive than Harry's deconstruction. Less Forced Than Little Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody eventually found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
