Something happens to Sondra Pransky as he enters the boxing of the magicians at the stage of the London theater. Sondra has little knowledge that the spirit of the newly deposed journalist Joe Strombel appears to be asking her to investigate the man whom someone has told him on his way to another dimension is the infamous Tarot killer who was in London, London. The only problem is that the accused man is a decent man for all performances for all performances. When Sondra tells his experience to Grand Splendin, aka Sid Waterman, the magician is overwhelmed, but definitely goes on. Both were P.I.s to look for an invitation to the club where Peter Lyman is going to swim. Sondra, who is trying to drown, attracts the attention of this piece, who wants to see more of it. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, both get into all sorts of fun situations until mystery is revealed at the end of the movie. The little real killer of the Tarot thinks he can deceive Sondra, who can prove he is far more ingenuous than he was aware of. The result is a perfect summer movie with lots of laughter that is just what it takes to get the heat out of the perfect time in the cool theater. Woody Allen has done better, and yet, this sunny comedy justifies him for past failures. In the movie "Scoop", Mr. Allen took the romantic leadership that he enjoyed with his gorgeous front lady. His trademark gesturing is something that this humorous person never gets rid of because it seems to be his trademark. The film has some funny stripes that overcome the head of the audience who may not be paying attention. Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star "Scoop," seems to be the perfect foil for Woody Allen. She plays a role while Mr. Allen makes his shtick, a perfect combination. Both are excellent throughout the movie. Mrs. Johansson is a beauty cut in a red swimsuit, though she was dressed so densely in most costumes she wears on the canvas. Hugh Jackman is seen as Peter Lyman a sophisticated man on a city with a true pedigree. She appears in the film as a man who watches Mrs. Johansson. Ian McShane plays dead Fleet Street journalist on his way to eternity. "Scoop" is a light film for hot and humid summer thanks to Woody Allen.
