Greetings again from the darkness. Remember everything that happened to Woody Allen? "Even Mr. Allen was amused by fans who wanted to continue producing the same" entertaining "films As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft developed over the years and lost a few fans while choosing another. "from last year showed that it is still as relevant and sad as it was in Annie Hall and Manhattan.What is the most remarkable 40-year-old fan of ours is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a little crushing in the maternal In fact, he really likes England! "During the filming of the Matchpoint, Mr. Allen was fascinated by Scarlett Johansson and his real life and sense of humor, and this attraction motivated him to write his best comedy for years, and Scarlett, though risking excessive exposure , she has to be recognized for not only choosing movies that cast her into some charming light. In a "Scoop", she flashes some real on the screen of comedy chops and in many scenes, she brings a real punchline to Mr. Allen's direct man. Of course, whenever Mr. Allen chooses to stand in front of the camera, he gains more than his share of one layer and social commentary - which is fine because it does little to do better. <br /> <br /> Very nice support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman provides some insights into why many of us thought it was best to replace Brosnan's new Bond. As with most Allen films, the star is a screenplay, not an actor. Even though Scarlett is a great contributor to this and it's a nice contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, it's just the upset ... especially the doubt between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big fan of Woody's acting, you do not have to worry. He limits his time on the screen and he is quite effective, with the exception of two or three short scenes that almost seem to be in place. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background, and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice cross between "Annie Hall" and the best brothers Marx films or comedy Cary Grant. Yes, it's an adult comedy, but it's really very cute ... especially for serial killer and ghost comedy!
