When we immediately get to the heels of Match Point (2005), a gentle, somewhat self-service piece of "serious Woody," Scoop gives a new hope to Allen's small but hard group of followers (among whom I myself) that the master once again found his form. A number of disappointing efforts, culminating in the terrible Melinda and Melinda (2004), and embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that other Woody comic books, with their own participation or as actors, were in the cards. Fortunately, the cards become a tarot deck that serves as a handy Maguffin Scoop and offers optimistic reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. Even more encouraging is that Woody's gunpowder - sadly one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is inspired by a little self-parking and ultimately humble recognition that he can no longer play romance with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen is definitely identified with the role of Sid Waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and a tired screenplay that, like Woody himself, has brought his act to London, where the audience, if not more receptive, is at least more polite. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to bring a slightly distorted mask to an artist whose art has refused and whose audience is no big prize anymore. In addition, because it seems that the character, Allen ticks and prolonged stammers are less distracting than they were at some time. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> </ span> His fake magical fluid becomes an ironically acceptable place to visit Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalist mistreatment and a recent victim of heart disease. Introduced to the Styx River-to-Hades Ferry, Strombel repeatedly jumps to the boat because he simply can not rest in eternity without telling the last "hill" about the identity of the notorious "Tarot's Assassin". Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead will bring him to the Waterman Water Show and the only channel for his hot leadership is journalism, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was invited by the audience as a comic to a magical top trick. Sondra is enthusiastic about journalism and attracts reluctant Waterman into an investigation to play the role of her millionaire father. As shown in the Lost in Translation film, Johansson has a talent for comedy and the disturbing gambling between her and Allen is very fun - and all the more so she never threatens to become a vanguard of romance. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial killer plot involving the horrific murders of prostitutes and the noble boss Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) is undoubtedly the predictable result of Allen's long stay in London's ubiquitous places and the tradition of Jack Ripper. Other aspects of Scoop (like Match Point) come from Woody's late encounter with English culture. His class structure, ways, idiom, dress, architecture, and yes, special driving habits give Woody fresh new material for horrifying observation of human behavior and sharp social satire. For example, when Sondra tries to deal with Peter Lyman in a purely private club, Waterman remarks that "from his point of view we are dirty." A great deal of humor creates contrasts of tightly reserved British social forms that meet the urgent Waterman Jewish plebiscite of the Borscht Belts. And then, of course, is Waterman's fun outing into an intelligent car that can not remember the ride on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes heavy jokes in jokes, in the form of humorous insights into film and literary sources, as well as more and more references to his own filmography. In addition to the ubiquitous Jack Ripper link, the soundtrack of the film is controlled by the arrangement of Grieg's "Force of the Mountain King", which Hans Beckert saw in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. The post-funeral meeting of journalists discussing the explosions of Joe Strombel's new departure clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). Links to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his special voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as the character's name and the mention of Adair University (Harry is "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the Hades River's underwater navigation commemorates the use of Greek gods and chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). As for sensitive gags, Allen's scripts rely less on one-liner than ever before in his career, but Scoop provides at least a few unforgettable ones. On the question of his religion, Waterman replies, "I was born in Hebrew belief, but later I was transformed into narcissism." And Sondra pulls this determination of Waterman's frantic crime: "If we have the heads together, you will hear a hollow sound." Overall, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy of Woody Allen in ten years.
