I was lucky to have received a free application for a pre-screening of Scoop last night. The whole house in the theater and when the film ended, there was a spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like "Scoop," though the two young men sitting beside me sighed and uncomfortably wiped off most of the film. It was an exception, because everyone else, including me, really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is the quick secret of the murder. A young journalist student unconsciously manages the forces beyond her control and tries to capture a serial killer freelance. A lot of hojinks to follow while she partners with an illusionist traveler and falls in love with a frizzy and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not his best job, but it's a very nice and light heart. I'd say it comfortably fits into the average Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to his work, then "Scoop" might be enough to be more interested in you. I do not think anyone who likes their style of shooting and playing will change. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we've gotten used to, even though he's dangerously close to being forced and over the top in this movie. While potentially worsening for someone who might wish to hurry up and just spit out the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. Very good performances all around, in my opinion, even though I found myself missing Ian McShane, who is excellent and is not nearly enough to have a camera. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found Scarlett Johansson a new regular star. I think Match Point is their second pairing and she's just magical with the material Woody gives her. It could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad to see the movie and definitely recommend it. Even more sophisticated comedies than movies such as Scary Movie 4, so if your comedy brand is rather the first, "Scoop" is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you like style, sophistication and fun, "Scoop" is for you. Probably not Woody Allen's film I'd introduce to the newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
