"Scoop" is also the name of Evelyn Waugh's novel of the late 1930s, and Woody Allen's new film, though present, has nostalgic charm and simplicity. There is no depth of characterization, intense performance, tension or shocking final frisson Allen's penultimate "Match Point" effort (argues many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form), but "Scoop" is very similar to Allen's last trip focused on English aristocrats, London flats, murders and detection. This time Woody leaves a mysterious murderous genre and returns to comedy, singing on the screen as a friendly vaudevillian, a magician called Sid Waterman, the script of The Great Splendini, watching a few snobs to be Hebrew persuasion, but as I rose, I turned narcissism. "After discovering in the middle of the standard dematerializing act of Splendini with Scarlette Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) an audience volunteer, the juvenile couple got into the postmortal attempt of an English star on a dead ace to get the last storyline on the edge of Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) the secretary of Lord Lyman's son, who says she was poisoned, and told him that the charming aristocratic son, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), was the killer of the Tarot Card, the London serial killer, Sondra and Sid instantly become a pair of amateur sleuths. Joyce and Sondra's gruesome beauty sprang into the cream of London's aristocracy, and Woody does not use his young heroin muzzle - as in Match Point - Johansson again - just like in the past, Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and a future movie star, surprisingly. klutzy, z but Sid and Sondra do not have flirting, which is a great relief. They simply connect, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wish by watching his friends with Lyman and watching him for his guilt. With minimal protests, Sid agrees to appear as Sonders to his father. Sondra, who has taken on Petra by pretending to drown in her club club, is once again baptized by Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, Woody, continues to be covered by making card tricks, but amused with these villains and defeating his spouses in poker, discharging non-stop single-liners and maintaining all the time, seemingly successful, in oils and precious metals, just like "Jade" told him to say it. That's about everything that's about it or everything that can be said without breaking the story by revealing its outcome. First of all, Allen's decision to make Johansson gauche, a naively creepy and poorly dressed college girl, seems awkward, but all around the wrong decision. But Johansson, who as a sculptor scrambled and caressed, could be miraculously able to spend it, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how an actress seems desirable if she wants to. In fact, the film creates a sense of relationship to avoid a limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra are friendly and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction, even though they are artificial and corrupt (after all, he goes to bed with a suspect murderous maniac). What is a bit unnecessary that Allen drops again over English wealth and class, it seems that his background from Brooklyn has left despite his celebrity with an irresistible humility for. Jackman is an impressive man, enchanting and lively. His parents were English. But could this athletic musical comedy star up in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) actually go like an aristocrat? Only in movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). It's not as strong a movie as "Match Point," but to say it's lost because some viewers are wrong. It has no depth than a half-hour radio or TV show, but Woody's jokes are much more fun and original than you get into some kind of media affair, and sometimes they show a return to the old joke and cleverness. It does not matter whether the movie is stupid or slapdash when it's a departure from summer fun. You do not want heavy food on a hot day. The whole thing deliciously evokes the time when movie comedies were really fun, with no jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics say you are going back to the fall of Allen, which was preceded by a "match point". Do not trust them. It does not work too hard. Why should he? It can be 70 years, but it is still on the feet. And his body also moves very quickly.
