I really did not see this show so often when I was a baby, but the first episode I remember ever seeing is an episode in which Kimma Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. when I went to high school in 2000. I had problems at high school and I would rather not get into it. but I always watched that I saved the bell, but the show really reminded me of the problems I met at school, and it seldom showed the parents of children. rescued the bell is fine, but not a good family show. a couple of days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I switched TV to a family channel and every day I was addicted to a full house. I could even press the info button and see the year when it came out, and I would remember what I was doing during this time. the episode is going to be called "birthday blues," and to this day is the most popular episode, it's sad, with a happy end, and you see Kimmy Gibbler not doing other episodes, she really shows her serious side. I have seasons 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for seven and eight. I wondered how they could have a document and some comments from the cast members. I do not want why some people have hatred for this show because you can not see garbage and violence on this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you grew up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but the full house, in my opinion, is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things are always done. and the characters are so amazing. Danny Tanner reminds me of his mother and grandmother. Joey is a good friend and is always in a good mood. when I was a child, I was just like Jesse and he's the first television actor to be a boy who's so obsessed with hair. in a way you can really say she is a California girl. I really enjoy episodes with Kimma Gibbler because she always smiles and brightens my day when I watch her. and Stephanie is so cool. I also have difficulty telling the Olsen twins. I want my kids to watch for the day. but the full house is my favorite show, and Sabrina, a teenage witch, is my favorite. one day, sometimes before I die, I'd really like to get acquainted with the full occupancy of the house. the first 3 seasons are somewhat boring, but they are getting better in the 4th season. I just wished to be in the 9th season. stopped producing a full-fledged family in 1995, and a young Sabrina witch (a similar family show) was released in autumn 1996 but the full house is a very nice show and has good times and bad times and yes I understand if it's your wild man who it will hate you, but it's a show of luck and it's also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 years are good girls' shows but around the fourth and fifth year, DJs and Stephanie become teenagers. I have also noticed not only a full house, but a lot of exhibitions never talk about issues in the world and politics, like when a full house was in the air during the Gulf War in 1991, and at the time of the bombing of Oklahoma City in 1995, they never mentioned anything. Steve was also my favorite DJ friend, with Viper and Nelson not very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think they are the best. I just wished to do the 9th year, because it left a big question in my head, because in the last episode of the last minute the dj gets a surprise and goes with her boyfriend with his former friend Steve, I always wondered if they come back together. and I liked how in recent years the DJ was always responsible and stephanie always wanted to do something courageous as in the episode "stephanie is a wild ride"
