I've never seen a show like Full House. Full House gives shame to all new shows, great time! Whoever has never seen her, which I do not see as it should be, should see it. It's a great show for everyone in every age. Full House will laugh at you, will cry you, it will overwhelm you. It is true that some people feel that there are some "cheese" aspects to the exhibition, but positive aspects will consider all "cheesy" aspects. Full House launched his first episode, "Our First Show," on September 22, 1987, and made the last episode on May 23, 1995 entitled "Michelle Rides Again Part II." is very credible. Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) loses his wife, Pam, in an accident involving a drunken driver. Danny has his brother, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos), who is younger brother Pame, and Danny also brings his best friend, Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier), to help him raise his three daughters. Danny's daughters are called DJ (Candice Cameron-Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweet) and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). Joey and Jesse plan to help Danny and his three girls for a few months and eventually live with them for eight years; which is the number of years that has been ignored. <br /> <br /> The following is a brief description of some characters and actors / actors: John Stamos (Jesse): John Stamos is a great actor. Jesse plays. Jesse is a rock star waiting for his long break. In Full House, John Stamos does a great job showing his character. He watched and played music as his idol, Elvis Presley. Bob Saget (Danny): Bob Saget is also a great actor. She loses her wife in a car accident involving a drunk driver. She has to wake up three girls without having a girl's mother. Bob Saget is doing a great job showing a single parent who works full time and still has time to raise her three girls. Dave Coulier (Joey): One word can describe Dave Coulier, funny. He is great. Playing Joey's character was perfect for him. He does a great job playing a stand-up comedian to wait for his big break. Candice Cameron-Bure (DJ): She's a huge actress. He plays the oldest sister, a DJ that is short for Donna Jo. She's one of the best actresses I've ever seen. Her acting ability in the Full House was very plausible. Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie): Two simple words describe Jodie Sweetin, incredibly amazing! I wish I could say everything I wanted to say about Jodie, but I would use a maximum of 1,000 words for her. She started out at a children's show called The Goat's Mother's Stories, and when she came to the Full House, she blew the idea of ​​the audience and the creator. Its great looks and absolutely amazing actor's ability to help show the success she was. According to Dave Coulier, Jodie should have been the star of the show. It was supposed to be the place where he was about to take a long break. Jodie, five years, when the show that was first broadcast could perfectly hit each line. She showed great enthusiasm. Most young children can not do it. As you can probably guess, Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie) is my favorite character in Full House. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen (Michelle): Big actress. Full House is where they got to the beginning. They received part of Michelle because they were the only babies who did not cry while in front of the camera. There are many other cast members that should be recognized. These are the original characters from the time the show first appeared in 1987. The only negative thing I can say is how Full House became Michelle Show to the end. I think she should aim for her towards the end. Especially when I think Jodie and Candice are much better in acting. Full House is a great show for everyone. He can teach you a lot. One of the greatest things that can teach you is that everyone can live a great life even if there is a tragedy such as the loss of a family member. Full House is still attracting new fans. With all this, it was said that only a few things remained; Full House will never die, and thank you, filling the Full House, for being able to show everyone they can look forward to.
