As for many people, I can not help, but I praise the acting and crew who have been developing Talespin and others that they have done throughout my childhood. I, like everyone who commented here, enjoyed not only the quality of the animation, but the quality of the story of the line and the character. Sorting this artwork as a "cartoon" would never manage to administer justice, in fact, it is an insult to classify it as a "cartoon", Talespin is an animation, and nothing is probably the greatest work of genius to be made in Disney today The day when Disney "pulled out" it out of the air somewhat realized what they were doing, and I'm sure their souls are tortured by regret since then. br /> <br /> <br /> I will explain a few moments: From the first that is ducks to the last one I think is Darkwing Duck, Disney was plagued by failure for political correctness and took the Quantum Leap back from, They prefer quantity over quality, without mentioning a room full of Monkey's for the story, I could not watch my kids distorted "Drawing", which they are pushing now for fear of showing up in the future to be a homer Simpson and that 50% of the guilt will be for me to look at it , I could not leave it, so I had all the shows from the late 1980s to mid 90's on the harddisk, so one day my kids could not be damaged by "Cartoon Crap" today and flee the last childhood I have and keep I owe it all to Talespin. <br /> <br /> Talespin is undoubtedly the best animation ever made in the world because of its depth, charm, joke, compassion, emotion, and the lack of really poor quality and stories that many have today. Do you see any content in saying Ed, Edd and Eddie or anything else, what are you thinking? garbage made today can be compared to a 3-year-old undetectable Hyroglyph, which depicts Picasso. <br /> <br /> Next time you watch the e Talespin episode; look for wooden furniture on any wooden object or building such as Higher for rent, and salve the quality of the workmanship and the efforts embedded in this animation. Even shots of one shot were made as if they were using them over and over again, The Buildings look true to the Art Deco movement, which was popular in the time period shown. Even the cars are true to life, OK, not all the episodes were fantastic in animation, but lower stage scenes were covered with top scenes, so all of them all made it to the end of the episode, and you probably would not even notice it if you were not focused and did not you would be interested in details. The only thing I love is what I wanted in each episode to call "deliberate mistakes" or "mistakes intended" and some have two. For example, in a deep sheepskin where Rebecca says: "You're on something Baloo," and Baloo says, "Who, I, as innocent as a schoolboy, look into the eyes of the rebels, I won 't spoil the rest of the Baloopers, but just leave my eye next time. <br /> <br /> Every comment elses is bang on and 100% correct, I have nothing to add that others have not said anymore here, Disney, WAKE UP and the smell of coffee, Have slept for more than ten years, Stop production garbage and return quality to Animation and Stop Production "Cartoons", We have seen proof of what you can and we want it as quickly as possible.
