If you miss this show for the first time, you can start thinking if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Fun dialogue? They seem to have some depths, even create an atmosphere of tension and drama sometimes? I mean, this is a syndicated baby show right? This is the same place that brought kids such as Pokemon, Pepper Ann, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, and VR Troopers (please note that three of the titles above are dense Japanese exports, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you just uncovered some quality fares that were available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (the cartoon can not be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these best examples, Disney has also returned to syndicated children's programs, with a lineup called "The Disney Afternoon". In addition to the "The Gummi Bears", the early performances of Darkwing Duck, Duck Tales, and Chip N Dale's Rescue Rangers gave loyalty to the Disney animation teams, which also teach theater classics such as The Little Mermaid, animal "," Rescuers Down Under "and" Big Detective Mouse ". But above all these miracles shine on "TaleSpin". Premiere "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour drive and won Emmy. Much to my joy, the rest of the episodes matched the promise of the premiere. While I like plotting and dialogue, I think it's the greatest attraction for me. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still mistaken; Kit Cloudkicker, full of pre-school rage and optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, Scotty's most fun engineer on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and humorous, but with a certain depth that most children do not have and of course in the middle of it all, is Baloo, whom I would call the free version of James Bond. This is because whenever it's a problem, Baloo will ease this day with the help of his youngest, fastest and fastest duck (read by: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course, every great show must have great villains and TaleSpin will not disappoint. From the megalomania of businesswoman Shere Kahn, to the futile and always failing air pirate Don Karnage, to the merry and awkward Soviet satirized Thembrians. Animation is good, good music, and episodes are (for me) the most beautiful child programming ever had to offer. Great fun for the WHOLE family!
