Oh, Talespin! What can I say that this great show has not yet been told? Nothing! It's undoubtedly one of the most compelling shows I've ever met, live action or animation. The newer thing is too overwhelming for my taste and some of the "mature" things that I have to exclude children from the room. But not Talespin. The stories are eye-catching and very plausible. Some of them can even be shot for an hour or two for a movie. Episodes like Stormy weather and her dreams of dreaming are very dramatic and at the same time pleasant for both children and adults. Then there are pure comedy episodes, such as Bluest Baloo Bloods and Stuck you, where the emphasis is on gaiety. I can laugh in a few tearful tears. <br /> <br /> The dramatic aspect is now very delicate in most of the shows (at least those that are not addressed), especially in cartoons. In the episode of Stormy Weather, for example, the Cloudkicker Kit decides to enter the circus, but Baloo believes it would be too dangerous. In the biggest episode fight Baloo screams Kit to stay away from Daring Dan, whom Kit screamed "NO! You can not tell me what to do!" and covers his face in his pillow. The next day he goes to the circus. This kind of drama is rare in cartoon and would be very welcome in the days that were created. <br /> <br /> The characters have a lot of depth for them. Baloo is largely the way it is in the Jungle Book, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness. Rebecca is a smart business woman whose thoughts of raising money, although theoretical, are rarely good in practice. Molly is a cute little girl, but you can not let it deceive you. It can sometimes be a real hellion. Kit Cloudkicker is a darker character than others. Trust adults do not believe if they do not call on him and tend to break relationships. Look at his expression in Plunder and Lightning when he grabs the hook: It looks like he's ready to put it right through the pirate. Eventually it's a drama combined with a very real chemistry among the characters that make it the number one in my book. The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very real, almost father and son. This is well demonstrated in the Whale Whale That Ends Whale when Baloo takes the word Kit for Seymour exploiting animals in his aquarium instead of neighboring with other adults. Baloo and Becky's relationship is also realistic because Baloo's motivation to work comes from wanting to buy back the Sea Duck, not necessarily the desire to help Rebecca. But something tells me that if he got back to Duck, he would still do a job for Rebecca. Sea Duck, not to mention all the other aircraft in the series, is quite realistically designed. The function of the aircraft does not change even once throughout the series (such continuity is also difficult) and unlike most other "superleven" other cartoons, there is not one weapon on board (unless you read mangoes!) And relies on it to be a great pilot skill to get out of trouble. It's hard to think of a hero who does not have a gun turret, a laser gun, or even a pistol somewhere on board. And the fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble is so hard to find today in cartoons. Moreover, it's such a tricky design! <br /> <br /> This is definitely the best cartoon. At all. Time. Definitely worth the ten stars!
