This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what the LDS church was and what the church believes. With all current media coverage of some fugitive people, they are the LDS church with FLDS Church and Warren Jeff's criminal fugitive. Jeffs is not related to the LDS church, but the media groups have internationally asked for comments on Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeff did not mention the movie at all, but I think it's ironic that this film, with all the points that point to Joseph, also rejects the small churches of FLDS and their leaders at the moment in the media world. This is a film about Joseph Smith and it's a great movie. Some of the most distinct differences between Jeff and Joseph are portrayed in the humanity, acceptance and love of Joseph. Jeff's views and opinions differ considerably from Joseph Smith and the LDS church, and it is seen in this film. Jeffs think of the "black man" as devils. Joseph Smith knew that they were God's children and gave up their favorite horse to their African American (former slave) woman who had bought her son a freedom. Joseph is shown to do homework for his wife, Emma, ​​and is criticized until Joseph tells him that a man may lose his wife in the next life if he decides not to stay with his husband and that doing work is a way to help and love your wife. Jeff brought one of his polygamist women to his knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing the knitted fabric and rubbing it painfully until it dropped to his knees. Joseph eventually participated in law enforcement and always asked for help from the government. Jeff is the thumb of his nose in the government and always flies. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then it's the movie you see. And if you're a LDS church fan with FLDS, you really need to do your act together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the Holiness of marriage and the family, as well as the patriotism of our country and country. We are all others, just as you can find various protests, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. Our message is important and what we stand for. This film tries to portray it, but there is so much Joseph's life that can not be covered by just a 2-hour movie. It was really a great show.
