Caution: Moderate spoilers. The Joseph Smith story excels as an amazing - even moving - episode in American history and world religious history. This film portrays the events in the life of Joseph Smith, which the Mormons honor as the prophet of the restoration of the true Church of Jesus Christ on earth. I saw the film twice in the first month of a public performance. Joseph Smith is the youngest of the three brothers (Alvin, Hyrum & Joseph) who, at a very young age, needed an operation. The surgery, done without our modern conveniences, was bloody and difficult. The scene helped show the coherence of the Smith family and the links between the brothers and Joseph and his parents. Joseph's religious confusion and the subsequent prayer that led to what the Mormons called First Vision was interestingly portrayed. The face of Jesus is never shown, but you see in his hands unmistakable marks of nails. The rejection of religious leaders and many people in his small community in New York is at least slightly weakened by Joseph's marriage to Emko. This film does not clearly express the events of the history of the Mormon Church, but only jumps from scene to scene. It's not a critique - just a note about style. The practice of casting and plating is shown and is particularly dramatic and moves when Joseph makes a sermon on the love of the Savior with the scarred face of the recent assault. The film also portrays the joy and growth of Mormonism as a baby-boom and at the same time a deepening opposition that spreads to the heights of local governments. </ br /> <br /> The film shows many scenes from Joseph's life, including several beautiful moments showing his relationship to Emma. He seeks to show the depth and complexity of Joseph's life, including his wild love for his wife, infinite love for children, his joke, courage in the face of dirty and dangerous opposition, religious feelings and compassion. <br /> <br /> As Joseph and Hyrum go to Carthage, never return home live, most characters from the whole movie whose lives Joseph touched are shown on the way, helping to strengthen what they have already seen but setting the final scenes to be stronger. Eventually, martyrdom Joseph and Hyrum is portrayed, and spectators are left to think of the events they have just witnessed. <br /> <br /> When I first watched the movie, I assumed it was the church to introduce Joseph Smith to non-members. I do not think that's the case, though I hope the film can do it. As an insider, I find that the film is a celebration of Joseph, and he greatly strengthens the good things we already know about him. I'm curious about seeing the movie from the outside - whether it's just seen as propaganda, the epic story of an American religious man, or something else. The film is beautifully shot, family friendly, moving and hopefully something good for everyone. It is interesting to think about the events that have actually occurred in these United States of America in the light of many aspects of our culture - including the freedom of religious expression and respect for (in general) law - we view the moderators as obvious.
