Somewhere near the bottom of the studio chart you'll find companies like UFO, Troma, and the Seduction Cinema under them. Seduction is a direct video production company that specializes in lesbian themed, non-hardcore erotic movies. He developed a very devoted fan base that bought each new title once released, but sadly the company became too closely associated with the frequent star Misty Mundae. I'm sad to say, because the recent main interest and her appearance at the Masters of Horrors show made her deserve a bit more effort than the zero budget effort of S.C, forcing the company to find a new identity. But in their famous days, they have released this film in a highly respected world. The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to visit a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she meets her absurdly hot friend Ruby Larocca, who has immediate suggestions, but director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In S.C's typical style, the film stops every ten minutes for an expanded sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this film has an interesting story and a few good performances. It seems that Mrs Larocca has a great time as a sexual predator who thinks Misty is a delicious meal, and Darian Caine welcomes (though short) the appearance of Satan. This is the kind of film Jess Franco set out in the 1970s (though this guy does not have hardcore sex that Franco always wanted to put in for foreign sales) and fans of the mad work would be wise, go. <br /> <br /> For me, as a fan of zero budget movie film (and Troma worshiper), I've come across Seduction through his parodies (Playmate of Opes, Who wants to be an erotic billionaire), but I really do preferring to their original works. You can either see around a low budget and occasionally weak acting, or you have to hang up on these things and just hate all these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that combines these non-budget movies is the real sense of entertainment. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style that gives the viewer something very different from the insignificant, the number of studio efforts that burden multiplexes. If you've never seen a Seduction movie movie either this or sinister sisters (featuring both Mundae sisters) are an excellent choice. It's a fun, fast-moving movie (though frequent outdoor school shots become a bit old) and the DVD is a full-featured add-on including thumbnails of other company offers, great stage performances and some deleted scenes including alternative opening. I recommend that you pass the bonus function of the disc, the film's first film because it is relatively weak and really worth seeing.
