While I loved haunted home movies such as Amityville and Poltergeist, this was a huge hit on Hollywood horror for the television adaptation of Susan Hills books. With excellent casting (many of the stars in Heartbeat and other TV shows), great acting and a fantastic setting (which convincingly describes the life of 1920), it has all the ingredients to attract the viewer into what is a powerful story of ghosts. Herbert Wise does not need blood, violence or gore to send a fever to dwarf audiences. Using Your Own Imagination, A Woman in Black is a character of fear and fear and whose presence is never missing as soon as it first appears. Major figure Arthur Kidd, a lawyer, learns of his invisible specter on his mission to settle property. The widow dies, and Arthur spends several nights inside his spooky home, in which he notices many peculiarities that can haunt him in a few days. Some scenes are very disturbing and claustrophobic, especially in the locked room that opens, which shuts down the generator and closes Arthur in the dark. The film is becoming more and more rough, the more you get into Arthurs shoes and its efforts to break down this ghost. The writer adds a lot of cold increments to the story, an example of the re-appearance of a tin soldier. One wants to look at it all. The fact that we do not know much about the widow leaves more imagination and makes it even worse. The widow looks largely ominous and intimidating. The scene after the winding of the generator made me freeze, a woman who seemed from nothing on an isolated swampy country with a shouting wind? when I'm on such properties myself, I can appreciate how insulation is. And the scene in the inn was perhaps the worst thing I've seen, one that I do not want to hurry or point to older relatives. I often woke up at night when I thought he was sleeping with me. A woman in black is a great TV movie and a lost gem. I agree that the Internet hype for this movie was totally exaggerated and see why people were disappointed after spending the best of 50 pounds on it, but I think the net has beaten hidden gems because it makes movies like these overexposed. I think it's still a great and fantastic deal and I think this is the biggest story of the ghosts of the last century.
