Most horror films are really horrible movies. They become the same. Same ol packs every minute with some inexpensive excitement (usually "spit") and today they can pack each other with brittle special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror movement is to stop the feeling of disbelief of the audience. For example, I've seen both recent mummy movies, and I almost had a dizziness, watching every ridiculous special effect every second. Probably, it costs a million dollars a second for the movies to happen, and my sense of distrust has never been suspended, but it has grown rooted. Subtility can be even more terrifying. Less is more. <br /> <br /> I first saw 'The Woman in Black' on Channel A & amp; E. After turning the usual 987 channels of very bad TV I stopped to look at it. This film has almost the feeling of making "Masterpiece Theater". It was fine with me, I've always preferred British television and movies. Most viewers would find it too slow. But slow stimulus helps provide a story of credibility. Special effects are little that attract the viewer to think that this film is set in the real world, causing us a little bit of unease. Makeup and costume for the spirit are simple and credible. Hollywood would make him look like a demon of hell with shining eyes - fangs, claws, etc. Hollywood would make an overdependence and change this idea to mediocrity. The woman only makes about five performances in the movie. Most of them are where they appear in the distance and even that creates a good fear. If it appeared too often, it could aggravate the mood that sets itself. But this movie is so great that over a lot of film we are guided into the feeling that it is there all the time but not visible. The scene in which Arthur Kidd visits late at night and we see her a little too close is a masterpiece in horror. It's just an exceptional movie that I think should be rated as the best horror films ever made. I have a copy of "The Haunting", "The Changling" and another million. I did not see anything that would be a "Woman in Black", even though I'm still watching. This film is so well filmed that it even gives the hardest skeptic (like me) when I almost had other thoughts about the absence of ghosts. I hear people say I sometimes have a little worry that it may seem in the middle of the road or that I can see it staring through my window, etc. Maybe she could be in the crowd at the department store looking at me with her hatred . That should be a great horror movie. Just like LaFan's novel, Woman in Black makes you very slowly pulling around and hugging around your neck, and before you realize it, it pushes life out of you and then it's too late. The closest thing I have to criticize was that it was done for a small screen ... and it's a terrible shame that it's from the press. I just paid more than $ 40 for the second copy of this movie. It's a great prize in your collection. Now I'm on my way to finding an even better horror film that not only gives a fever, but also a soundtrack qualification.
