I was lucky to watch it without any predictable humor. I was surprised that the resilience of the image of the spirit of the next day and the next day appeared in spirit. I followed it 3-4 times and I always appreciate it even more. The settings are amazing, the city at dusk has beautiful light effects, long swamps and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so sympathetic and adventurous, with whom he is easily sympathetic. To the person who complained that there is not enough "spark" in this movie, I say that it is because the whole fight against the spirit is led by this person. This is a rather slow film, with an unusual time spent, before and after a spiritual attack, to develop his character with family and work life. SPOILERS Talk It / <br /> <br /> Especially I liked the turning point when she returns to the capital and finds himself helping him and explaining that he sees the spirit. She describes the woman in black and then tells her at the end of the interview that she will come back because, after all, what damage did she do to her? The other man says, "You can not come back ... alone!" and lends the hero to his dog. The cute little dog offers a small respite of comical relief, which borders them across the house and even into the locked room. Many occasional appearances of the spirit really picked me up. The woman appears in the church in the middle of the shot, showing that the church is not afraid and is not at home. That's all at the very beginning. Another incredibly unforgettable scene was with the children out of the church and watched the funeral. When the camera is straightened to the right, the woman is seen in the background between the tombstones. The older man will not even look at it, but the kids scream and mock everyone. Creepy ... Normally, spirits are hidden in the shadows, chasing certain locations or people. As has been said, the malice and the wrath of the spirit are scary and I feel that they are attacks and the end was perfect and completely justified. The conclusion highlighted the fact that the hero made a big mistake by returning to the house. Or perhaps it was marked no matter what saved the Gypsy girl. The boy who plays the hotel manager is so credible and really does a good job. I gave my friends a word about how much I liked this film, and it is reassuring to see that others feel the same. I see people do not see the same masterpiece, especially when they get into it with a lot of reviews of hype. I think another person summed it up when they said that this film settled the question of whether the Ghosts can physically harm a person. Whew .. I plan to see it again tonight, followed by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other movies I recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
