It's not known if Marilyn Monroe ever met and talked to Albert Einstein (and the mysterious disappearance of her diary after the same mysterious death, maybe we never know), but in their life was an opportunity. <br /> <br /> Scrypted by Terry Johnson from his own play, Nikolas Roeg is insignificantly presenting a meeting in a New York hotel room one night in 1953 between two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) - but only one level. On another level, he emphasizes - or diminishes - these "personalities" (and what is a miserable phrase that is) just for simple avatars (the characters are deliberately unnamed), which are in a growing and smaller state. <br /> <br /> The name Insignificance is both fit and deeply ironic; here, DiMaggio's net worth was reduced to something more than the picture on the bubblegum card. Monroe is also reduced to its parts of dress, hair, lips, swirling and voice. By revealing their uncertainty and reversing their roles, the film brings into sharp focus the accepted images of celebrities that explode the cult of personality. The theme will be another explosion at the top of the film: Hiroshima in a hotel apartment where the "actress" is burned on her stomach in a matter of seconds; literal deconstruction of glory. Goodbye, Norma Jean. History tells a scenario that shakes history backwards. As Roeg first looked at Johnson's play: "These figures were mythical, they did not invent any person, not the public or the press, probably not the characters themselves." The role of Theresa Russell, Marilyn (the intellectual box in real life), teaches children's Einstein ("The Professor" who plays Emil) on relativity theory using balloons and flashlights while the Professor shows his feet in a conscious parody about his own role in The Seven- Year Itch, the film The actress is seen working on opening a movie. History records that Monroe's then-husband, a pale baseball star DiMaggio (played Busey as a tenderly psychotic simple), was unhappy because of his iconic scene of the fractured scene in the movie, causing them to decay. Just on the skin we find the jealous "Ballplayer" in the bar, which deny the fact that if I "want to see her underwear, I just go down in the corner like all the other guys." <br /> <br /> Unlike Professor, Ballplayer believes the universe is round - a claim shared by the Indians. The big boss (Sampson of the Cuckoo's Nest), who runs the Roosevelt Hotel's elevator, was excluded from his own culture. "I'm already Cherokee - watching TV". Meanwhile, the Senator is investigating a professor who is on the eve of a pacifist speech before the UN but whose senator suspects he is Red. In fact, as he tells Monroe, Einstein is concealed with blame over Hiroshima, and what a warm white future holds. Still, in the seemingly godless universe, all such fears and desires are made impossible in the light of higher (atomic) power. Roeg is really a perfect director who brings Johnson's edge to the screen. All the time, agonizing memories of childhood and pessimistic memories (ka-boom!) Draw up unexpected connections between time, place, and circumstance, with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch used to denote time-scrolling - but maybe also suggest that the whole time is one; every moment coexists. As is implied in his backstage catalog, it's something hobbyhorse for a director enchanted by the notion of synchronicity - Here 1920 blew to 1945 and drops-feeds to the 1980s, a period in which another 'actor' assumed his greatest role as President of the United States. If everything sounds a bit heavy (quantum physics is certainly involved), executions are nothing but Johnson's witty, zippy scenario, Roeg's playful direction, opening up a pretty scenic arrangement - and actors staring themselves in stellar form. In particular, Tony Curtis leaves the tooth marks in a wooden lining as a paranoid, impotent senator who is seen trying to contend with the impersonator Monroe (real, unlike Russell) before letting him back off with his rising member. <br /> <br /> Of course, Curtis once played with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot, and whose hug she recalled as "kissing Hitler." As Roeg said, "Everything seemed to be connected ... when the film began to form, the actors themselves seemed to be part of this endless connection." Everything goes into a pot, to be cooked and served in new and fascinating ways.
