I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is the movie version of Roegs' scenic game, and while most of the movie is in the hotel room, it still has some cinematic flare of Roegs. A very unique story is about the famous actress (Theresa Russell) who, after a hard night, is working on the film in 1954 to visit a famous professor (Michael Emil) and speak together in the hotel room. After a while he wants to sleep with him, but when he starts undressing, her husband hits the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. Three of them in the hotel room talk about what's going on and what the future is for them. Meanwhile, the famous senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take the professor's papers if he does not answer the hearing. Theresa Russell is just great, and while she does not try to outshine Marilyn Monroe, she does a great job of radiating the phobias and nuances that Monroe knows well. One thing the movie does is to show her not only as a woman on the verge of mental decay but also to show her as a physical wreck. He talks about being unable to have children, and sometimes in the film suffers from abortion. You can do a great case that it's Russell's best performance and I probably would not argue. The film makes an interesting thing when displaying a lot of flashes, as the characters continue to talk about one thing and we see one of the many reasons for their actions in flash. Busey also gives good solid performance and reminds me of what a strong guy puts on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character that has far more things than we originally thought. The last scene of this movie is an example of his darker party! One of the highlights of the film for me is a little conversation with the elevator (Will Sampson of The Magic Nest) and discussing what the Cherokee Indians think about constantly. But, of course, the famous scene in this movie is where Russell demonstrates to Emil, how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is delighted with her demonstrations and so we are! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and have an admirable job when they are in co-operation and it's probably their best movie together. A good performance and a very interesting work by the director make him a demanding and visually thoughtful film.
