Originally, I saw this film as a boy in the old Rialto Theater on Saturday afternoon's matinee triple receipt, which also featured "Last Man on Earth" by Vincent Price and Mario Bavy's "Nightmare Castle." I had nightmares about spooky blood a week later! Even though I did not know, all three films would prove to be the classic of this genre. No wonder I was so scared! Though all three films scared me, it was Blood Castle, which had the deepest impact. It was the first bill. I have not seen her since the start, when we later went to the cinema and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. This is a lot missing because edited print ran only about 79 minutes (pending running 87 minutes). But in spite of that, the dark ghostly atmosphere (supplemented by castle ruins, misty cemeteries, shadows and webs), Gothic set design, strong acting and tensions (especially the last 20 minutes) scared me out of bejeeper and made a lasting impression. finally got a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was French-Italian import, it was not the movie that appeared at the late Winnipeg show. I could not remember the title (remember that I did not see the beginning of the movie and was terribly frightened) and to make it even worse, the film was released under virtually dozens of different film titles (aka Danze Macabre, Horror Cancer, Terror Castle, Long Night of Terror etc). And the working title USA / UK "Blood Castle" was very generic, like dozens of other "b" horror and thriller films, so illusive. But thanks to the Internet and persistence I finally found it! What a treatment to finally watch the movie in full after so many years! Maybe it was not entirely the emotional impact I did when I was a boy but like a haunting home movies, it's good and compares favorably with similar iconic films like "The Haunting", "The Innocents" or "Black Sunday" . The film is a great initial effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. He plays a 60-year-old Barbara Steele icon and features a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Rivier) who spent the night in a haunted house and unsuspecting part of a yearly horror story. Hypnotic Steele is well occupied as a ghostly love interest - like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsah as Julia. Many of the tricks Margheriti employs to create a wonderful movie atmosphere (web, throwing door, mist, etc.) will seem to clich to a modern audience, but they work more effectively in black and white than if they were in a modern color. Rather than count on the body and special effects, the film creates fear of old fashion, relying on a good story, stylish direction, fine serial production, interesting camera work and powerful acting. Margheriti does an amazing work with these elements and building a film tension because the terrible paranormal secrets of the house are gradually revealed to the unconscious writer. The movie is not buggy. The tempo stretches at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I was originally missing). This is likely to be exacerbated by Synapse's attempt to restore the film to its original length. Although fans are likely to appreciate the possibility of restoring the film - from an intro point of view - it can be more a hindrance than help. English voice oaks are simply translucent, and in restored scenes the language moves from English to French (English subtitles are available), which is definitely unpleasant for some viewers. <br /> <br /> Synapse Films deserves the quality of the print. Obviously, some effort was devoted to his restoration and he deserved it. I was very popular with the film and I highly recommend fans of the 1960s of Italian Gothic films or all who have a good story about the spirit. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
