Italy has produced a lot of really great and original horror films in the 1960s - and that's definitely one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Filmed in beautiful black and white, and because director Antonio Margheriti used lighting; the film looks almost like a German expressionist horror movie. This, along with the horror-filled fence line, ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the movie does not harm matters - and the good news goes on because she is trying to bend her muscles more than she in the films that made her famous. The conspiracy is well aware of the time it was released, and it includes the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend the night in his spooky old castle. Everyone who spent the night there earlier died ... and our hero is about to meet the previous bets! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films are not too interested in every shot and the result is that there is not much beauty in the genre. This is refreshing, so see this movie. Many of those shots are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple, just a translucent skirt to my personal favorite - the smoke smoke from the door. This my first film, Antonio Margheriti, and even after that, it is obvious that he was one of the leading Italian directors. Interestingly, the script was written by another Italian giant; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The conspiracy can sometimes be a little mad, but there's always enough atmosphere to make sure the movie will never be boring - and the fact that it's always interesting, and even if the conspiracy slows down, it does the same. The way Danse Macabre uses the "haunted house" is well done and original and helps keep the story as worst. Overall, fans of Italian and / or Cult Cinema will not want to miss this little jewel!
