If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you are absolutely sure that you love this wonderful Italian film 60 "Blood Castle". We are really talking about harsh throwing doors, scary portraits that seem to be moving, spontaneous dying candles, although there is no wind and smoke coming from the wooden chamber door. When talking about atmosphere and style, this master piece of gothic film is one of the best; just one small league under monuments such as "Black Sunday", "Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of Crying Women". Significant directorial duo Sergio Corbucci ("Big Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a strong plot (a nightmare) ultra-sinister scenery and movie locations, stylish black and white photographs, music vibrating on the spine and a great gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, a star from the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian goth-muse number one, shines brightly again as a spiritually tormented figure and is literally surrounded by excellent teammates. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives quite a confidential view of Edgar Allan Poe. The story includes him and another rich visitor to a country tavern that calls a brutal young journalist to take a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster? would survive to spend one night in the shameful Blackwood Castle, he received an amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, suffering is far more dangerous than it sounds, even for someone like Alan Foster, who is strong and does not believe in spirits and vampires. At night, she starts great because she even encounters the stunningly beautiful woman of her dreams, but she gradually learns that Blackwood Castle is a hell of a place where the ghosts of previously deceased visitors are trapped forever. I do not know about you, but it's really one of my favorite horror sites. Coordinator Antonio Margheriti was also proud of this film because he himself had himself transformed himself a few years later as a "Web Spider". The film had a handful of trumps, such as Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but this original is generally superior. "Castle of Blood" literally radiates the atmosphere and keeps the environment in a very disturbing atmosphere. This is really one of those rare movies that can cause the hair on your arms and the back of your neck to rise with fear if you look at it in the right circumstances. Watch it late at night, preferably yourself and in a light-lit room, and get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
