Antonio Margheriti "Danza Macabra" aka. "Castle of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly fascinating masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, "La Maschera Del Demonio" from 1960 and "Pit And The Pendulum" in 1961 by Roger Corman (starring Vincent Price); to see that she has earned her glorious Barbara Steele her more than deserved glory as the most important female horror in film history. But not only beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele, one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script "Danza Macabra" wrote no less than film genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such genial spaghetti as "Django" (1966) and "Great Silence" 1968). Italian number 2 in the field (right after Mario Bave), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the oldest gothic horror masters, and "Blood Castle" is undoubtedly his greatest success. Nothing else works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly fascinating, yet beautiful atmosphere, as is the case with this scary masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets Edgar Allen Poe, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) in a gloomy London pub receives a noble bet that he can not spend the night in his haunted castle the night before all souls. Once Foster enters the mysterious castle, mysterious things start to do. After some time, however, they encounter the enchanting inhabitants of the castle, the stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events have been just the prejudices of the terrorists that the castle carries, but ... <br /> <br /> The mysterious castle park itself would be enough to create a gloomy mood, excellent black and white cinema and great Riz Ortolani score create an incredibly spooky atmosphere she is extremely excited. Beautiful Barbara Steele is always fantastic, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to combine beautiful beauty with strange things like Steele, and no actress will ever be. Besides Steele, the cast of the film contains another amazing beauty, Margarete Robsah, and it also brings great performance. The performance of George Rivier as Alan Foster is great and the rest of the performance is also very good. "Castle of Blood" is excellent in many departments: Barbara Steele Based on one of the best performances, cinematography and places are surprisingly surprising than the comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly mysterious ... The film is just a perfect atmosphere, gothic beauty and the art of terror. Briefly, "Blood Castle" is one of the most attractive and best films of Gothic horror ever produced, and should not be missed by anyone interested in this genre! 10/10
