Actually, actresses are gaining weight, coloring their hair, dressing up as loose and losing their spell for a role, and Bette Davis was probably an actress who started this trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and make-up type of Constance Bennett in movies, Davis was willing to fire herself to create a figure both from the outside and inside. decision-making is sufficiently demonstrated in her breakout movie "Of Human Bondage," starring Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a captivating, manipulative, greedy, low life for Howard's masochistic, Philip's stomach. She first meets her when she's a waitress, and she lets him take her for dinner and theater while she's sorry with a wealthy older man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred is discouraged by Philip's club leg. On his part, Philip seems to like the abuse of her open flirtation and the cold to him. He allows Mildred to dry it financially between the boys who dropped it when they wrapped her while blowing out some really beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he can refuse, Mildred tears his apartment and grinning him, forcing him to leave the medical school and lose his home. "Human Bondage" looks somewhat painted today in parts. Although Leslie Howard was an amazing and attractive actor, his acting style is a much more formal old school and, as a result, tends to be what he is in. It's lit in the material as his role opposite Davis in "It's Love I'm Po" or "Petrified Forest" that requires its kind of technique. His acting is even more pronounced, as Davis has been knocking new ground with a harsh, sharp performance that really would have been. If it seems sometimes over the top, she came from the stage, and the finesse of film acting would appear later for her. Contrast your performance with the appeal, warmth and fineness of your Henriette in the movie "Everything and the Heaven too", or the pathos brought by "Dark Victory". She was a real actress and a real artist. Davis really allows to look like holy hell; Mildred's aggravation is utterly poor, for Philip appears to gain strength while her spirit is losing. A striking film in which one can see the thriving one of the greatest movie stars.
