When I saw that this movie was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were in trouble. The condensation of W. Somerset Maugham's giant novel in an hour-and-a-half film feels like a catastrophe awaits. But you know, the film is not bad, and even he can keep much of what the book resonates so much with his readers. I've heard many movie enthusiasts complain that Leslie Howard was a wet noodle actor, and he was, but I can not think of someone who would be better to play Philip Carey than wet noodles because that's sure Carey. Howard plays it well, which means you want to shake it and put it in your head repeatedly, then finally pull it off and buy it back. And then there's Bette, like a girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings his world to ruin around him. I did not know what Mildred was attracted to on the ground in the book, and the film remains true to this detail. But as Davis played, she became the most intriguing figure in the story, and if she is unhappy and inappropriate, she is the least dynamic person on the screen at the moment. Davis's performance here is credited with a change in screenplay, just as Brando would do almost 20 years later when he called out "Stella!" in the little-known Tennesee Williams game, and it's not hard to understand why. Davis is intense to quite creepy. She does not try to make the audience any sympathy, and she allowed her to look ugly and very unobserved. Her appearance when Carey enters her late in the movie to find her dead or almost dead of illness (though not too careful to hide the fact that it is STD) is shocking. Of course, it helps to make this film splatter just before the production code came into force; if it was a year later, you could bet it would be a bit different. <br /> <br /> Yes, a lot of the novel and many of its most interesting parts are left on the floor, and the story really becomes Carey and Mildred and no more. I found this to be the least interesting and most important part of Maugham's novel, but it is a part that gives the novel its title and it seems to be a part that readers are still attracted to, and so I think like a wise decision of some of the filmmakers who decided to adapt the novel as they did. <br /> <br /> Grade: B +
