When reading the Bette Davis Web site, there are cases where the authors claim that it is not anything special about it. I even found a place that claimed Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But the 1934 Davis films say the opposite. The most obvious example is the two films they made only a few weeks: Fog over Frisco and On Human Issues. The characters she played in these films, though both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the first is a gorgeous, charming and frivolous heiress and a much more appealing figure than Mildred in the other, a pale, uneducated and awkward waitress Cockney. Needless to say that Mrs. Davis played both characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The reason is that the former role that most actresses would want today was the one she was forced to play. The last task most actresses seemed to be undesirable, a role in destroying her career, was what she had been fighting for many months. And it was the second role that had cast it out among the biggest stars. There is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew what she was doing from the beginning. The film, which tells the student of Phillip Carey, a medical student (Leslie Howard), who falls unhappily in love with Cockney's waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has a few weeks but much stronger. The story is just too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it is rather unclear why a refined student first found some interest in a drunken waitress. Well, there is one scene in which we are enchanted by Mrs. Davis's eyes, but that's when his emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the story is preserved by a great actor from Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic Steiner's music that tells a lot of emotions, even if we do not see the faces of the characters. The film is in fact merged with Phillip's marching sequences that point it from behind, accompanied by a terrible twin-tone repeat. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillips film, which is consistently used in the film. And the beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen because of the delightful beauty of Francis Dee (Mrs. Dee was, by the way, considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with Wind) captivating music. Camera movements between some scenes are also original and refreshing. But my strongest objection is that the events are presented in a very two-dimensional way, which provokes the viewer that Mildred is the ultimate bitch. The most disgusting characters should be the men who attract her to the relationship, even though they know well that they left her after they used it, but they ended up curious as portraits. After all, Mildred always - in his own specific, yet honest way - allows Phillips to know he despises him and is not interested in him. She just refuses to hear. This is a Phillips masochistic nature associated with his club leg and childhood experience, which is the main reason of his love problem. He is enslaved to his club leg as well as Mildred, and may be as simple as a normal life. Of course, selfish and clumsy Mildred, when she discovered Volunteer Phillipe slavery, had her own share in making his life a hell. Even when she took into account that she exploded after realizing she was releasing slavery, it was less than clear why she could burn Phillipe's money (Maugham intended otherwise in his novel). After all, she could also steal and drunk gallons of champagne. For modern standards, the movie is a bit obsolete, but every subsequent time you watch can reveal new interesting details due to superior gaming, fascinating music and original edits, so it deserves the highest possible mark.
