This adaptation of Somerset Maugham's 1934 novel gave Bette Davis a film as a film actress. She could have been awarded the Academy Award for her performance, but the movies were borrowed, so her studio did not attend. Their acting does not improve in today's standards. As a heartless waitress who shakes Philippi, a sensitive physician around him, and almost destroys his life, Davis is too obscured and almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually did good acting, may have been impressed by this person. Davis is certain, but so frantic and predatory that he seems barely human. I think Millie's character is quieter, less feminine than Davis, maybe with a touch of tomato. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that there is no mysterious mystery to her, which makes Philip's attraction to her, apparently more masochistic than she should be. Like Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. Its weight, somewhat wrinkled, good looks, are ideal for this unsuccessful aesthete. He does not even interpret himself as if it were Dirk Bogarde, which gives his work a rare clarity. He seems to have complete control over what he should be, playing men with a rational intellect that is on a slope of irrational emotions that he can not manage or even completely satisfy because the subject of his love moves him in a way he can not understand. Howard was a great actor who was too often occupied in standard romantic parts that forced him to return to a spell he did not use here. It's been a long time since I read a book to feel comfortable commenting on the fidelity of the film about it. I think he captures the spirit of the story well enough and that Howard is the perfect Philip Carey. Sexual underlays are dimmed and at times Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sexual feelings, one is surprised to be the attitude of a healthy person, certainly not Mr Maugham's intention. With Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly focused, as we can see in his various reactions and desires at Millie's extremes, which the rational intellect will understand irrational in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very good film, a bit coiled, due to its age, it raises in London pretty well and is largely well-behaved.
