Bette Davis's performance is such that it's hard to remember other players. They were so perfect in the parts that Davis had in her - they just did not have that much work. Some reviewers thought the book was much better - it was just to get the film to condense a book with a length of 600 pages up to 83 minutes, it's not a bad performance. The first part of the book did not appear on the screen - she told Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip left to try to heal as an artist. She also chronicles her first romance - with Fanny Price, who kills when she realizes that Phillip can not return her feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but a little, and I think anyone who does not think about the film should read the book and realize how good the movie is. When he realized, the average painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England and hopes to take medication. When she meets a teary waitress in the tearoom, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although he is not interested in him and is basically interested in him as filthy, Phillip is obsessed. It's so hard to follow his efforts when he tries to find any civilization in this malicious shark. In one scene he promises to meet him with the second class rail waiting room when they almost ignore each other, bringing him "why would I wait in the second class waiting room when the first class will be available?" You just want to shake it. The only time he's comfortable with is when he tells him he's going to get married to another man, a rough merchant, Emil Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred out of the picture, she meets Noura (Kay Johnson) a beautiful woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. He is joking about the popularity that books have enjoyed among the servants (in the novel that Mildred saw to read.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence she needs, but she is unable to return her love. When Mildred returns (Miller marries her and has a baby), of course she cares about her and helps her with her child (the movie is treated as a subject - always called "a child" that has never been given a name or gender) she pays it by running away with her best friend. In the hospital, she meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who visits her sick father. He begins to visit his home and for the first time in his life he gets a family. Then a surprise! surprise! Mildred returns like bad money and surprise! Philip will take her. But he changed and felt only resent when he tried to show gratitude in the only way he knew. Then one of the worst, verbal fights on a movie with phrases like "you fall, you dirty pig", "I kissed you just because you asked me" and "when you went, I wiped my mouth, there are a lot of Mildred's stock phrases like "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "do not mind me," and "Mr. Tall and Powerful" was associated with prostitutes, and when Phillip met him for the first time it was hit. really liberated from Mildred in the only possible way), she can now freely love Sally, and again Sally tells Phillipe that he thinks he has a baby, but that makes him sure of his love, and that end, like Mildred's "illness" to be in the movie - even before the code.Kay Johnson was always invited to play meaningful and credible women - of course she was sensible.Nora was the woman Philip had to stay.Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful pictures She was obviously edited for a star with some roles that proved it was not just a pretty face ("Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when he married Joel McCrea, her career began to disassemble. Her Sally did not advance her talents into the border. It seems that Leslie Howard was not very helpful on the set Bette Davis - she was angry that the English actress was not given. She once threw her "when reading a book outside the camera". He began to wonder when the diary reported that "the boy ran with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> High, highly recommended.
