The story is somewhat sharpened with the sudden change of the hero's happiness, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis's Philip Carey, a naive obsessed lover, and Mildred Rogers, an inappropriate subject of his affection, lift this film well above the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultivated by Philip, who for most of his painting is slavery first of his love and then his regret for Mildred is not as the character Howard had to play a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, the Southern gentleman is too refined and decent to get into the harsh times of reconstruction. In fact, Philip looks disappointed before Mildred enters the picture, nor does he seem particularly surprised when his artistic teacher says he will never learn as a painter. It's maybe this passivity, these reduced the expectation that it will make him with the self-serving Cockney waitress for as long as he does. Although Leslie Howard is unforgettable, today's "Human Bondage" is primarily thought of as Bette Davis's picture, perhaps because of the well-known story of Jack Warner struggling to gain part of Mildred, and perhaps also because the audience of the film the tendency to favor characters with her with some drunken energy. Mildred may have a lattice voice, but he also has the ethereal beauty of a glass angel, which is somewhat understandable why Philip has let himself be dressed for as long as he did. Although a man eating Mildred may sometimes look like one sizeable, she occasionally awakens the sympathy for the viewer, as when she becomes ill and becomes late to realize that Philip is the only decent man ever to care about her. We can also think that it is something to blame Philip for looking at her that he is not good enough. (The scene in which Philip and Norah rejects Romanesque magazines as waste for kitchen virgins confirms this). Most of the supportive figures are also effective, especially Norah, a sensible novelist who loves Philip, but she knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally, who has Mildred's beauty and Norah's grace and performs as a rewarding female Philip who is eventually rewarded. The only emblem I found hollow was the eccentric Sally, but a slinging aristocratic father who looks like a stocky figure from an earlier time. A classic that deserves a reputation.
