Every film of Bette Davis stars is worth experiencing. Before Davis starred with Leslie Howard in "Of Human Bondage," she was in the movie. The legend says that Davis was "expelled" from the 1935 Oscar for her performance as a cocktail waitress, Mildred Rogers, mother and manipulative girlfriend. The story continues that AFI consoles Davis by awarding her first Oscar for playing Joyce Heath in Dangerous. I think Davis fans of "Of Human Bondage," who agree with the Oscar legend, will have in contrast to my critics a film from 1934 for which AFI did not give the performance and the movie "Dangerous" from 1936 for which she received her first Oscar in the year 1937. I have tried to see all of the films, TV interviews, video footage, World War II commercials, and TV shows in the popular Bette Davis series. In a later perspective, it is easy to understand why this film, "Of Human Bondage," gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for his performance. It was only 25 years when the film was completed and just got to the Hollywood red carpet. The public began to perceive Bette Davis as a star due to her performance in "Human Bondage". That's her legendary performance. But RKO saw her magnificence in "The Man Who Played God" and borrowed it from Warners to play Rogers. I'll go with AFI, in a later look, about 41 years after their shocking decision to give Davis her 1st best Oscar for "Dangerous" 2 years later. With AFI being the instrument for getting the best in one of the most talented actors of the 20th century in Hollywood. Because Davis knew she was sure of David that she had to get deeper into herself to find performances that had earned her a golden statue. She undoubtedly deserves more than 2 Oscars; maybe up to 6. <br /> <br /> "Dangerous" provides an exemplary contrast in Davis depth of action characterization. Because in "Dangerous" (1936) he becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century. Davis is as good as Joyce Heath, she's dead on a red carpet. While in the film "Human Revolts", Davis is on the edge, still on the sidewalk and ready to take on the rest of his 60-year-old acting career. Maybe by not giving her the legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of the star, she was born an actress instigated to go behind her soul for the greatest work of a gifted actor. It is well known that her current opponent was Joan Crawford; a star whose performance still does not change Davis. Even Anna Nicole Smith was a "star". Howard Stern is also a radio star. A lot of people on the stage and the silver screen are stars. Few have become great actors. The key difference between them is something that Bette Davis felt: the difference between the desire to do great acting or to play stars. Try comparing these two films as I viewed each other. You may find out what AFI & I have done. Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century on 25yo and reached her goal at the time she was 27. She spent 50 years and set the bar so high that it was not reached. . . but AFI sent her a message that she had come to the "Human Funeral," as Davis's life history as a big actor might have been taken to a star strike.
