This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is the woman to which men are attracted. Not because she is a beautiful beautiful girl but because she is a sexual entity. Now the film does not appear and it does not say it, but it's obvious. In the film there is a scene in which everyone looks at it. She works as a waitress in a cafe, she can not read and she really does not look at anyone, but it's flirting. It's obvious that the customers in this cafe are for her. One day, Phillip, who is going to a painter's medical student, comes to the store to tell his friend a good word, but as soon as he sees it, he becomes besotted. He started to buy his stuff even for his apartment. Meanwhile, she sees other people and she does no secret of it. She senses her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. She is constantly thinking of her. His medal schools even fail. So what's nookie too good. She wants to marry her, but she rejects it because she married another guy. She always allows Phil to know she has no love for him all the time. The heart is broken but meets another woman. They look good, but it is obvious that they still dream about Bimbo. Mildred returns with the child and does not leave. Phillip will take her again, but she will start to go with a friend, the bulb will start a bit and kick her. She does what she knows and tries to conceal it, it does not work well, and she continues to burn her tuition money. We have a club leg that he has problems with, even though the street with a teenager who has the same problem tells him to get away with it. She meets another girl named Sally who has a magazine that shows her aging while pushing her and still waiting for Mildred. Well, he does not have a school education, he can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her dad will take him in. Not even before his next time in the march of time appeared, he showed him he was going down. Soon his uncle picked him up, and he gets money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has TB. yet still leads Sally down the Primrose route for marriage, and he takes a steamer job. Finally bimbo dies and Phillip declares that he is now free and he takes Sally. I wanted him to tell him to do it. Now I know that my appearance on the characters will not leave any points. But I think Phillip was the bad guy. Yes, Mildred is Strumpet, but he knows and he's still coming back. It means that she has two other girlfriends who love him, but he treats them as starters. I think sex was not that good. But in any case the dogs are waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who gets Mildred's pregnant wife is already married, and when Philip asks him what to do with Baby (apparently the baby's name), laughs, has no intention of supporting her and the child, and is rich. Sally's father, who has nine children, says that women are very ugly things, but he's an old-fashioned traitor. It does not seem that Philip will even reverse his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Boy Toy, but the men in this movie look undamaged. Yes, she was not a serious woman, but far from a villain. For me, it's Philip, who had a real problem, and it was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
