Arriving shortly before the introduction of the code of morality, the writers, directors and actors were silenced, the first film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's film "Of Human Bondage" irritates countless audiences. She has no shock value today, she's a great actress. While acting is excellent, this is Bette Davis's first great role and one of Leslie Howard's best performances. Howard is the English-based Parisian artist Philip Carey, who is gently and firmly told that he lacks talent and that his determination is not a substitute for a true genius. Using lessons in the heart, he returns to London and enrolls at a medical school (by the way, he does not seem to have any students - at that time it would be at least a few.) Perhaps the author / physician Maugham care about distaff medicos). When you have tea one day, Carey is taken by the waitress, Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis in the role of a morally free and basically evil pharrga. Her Cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle. His repeated attempts to meet her are greeted with a less than enthusiastic answer: "I do not mind it," a sign for every man with a head that is directly inclined to be deep. Maugham Mildred added her waiter's tips with a little old-fashioned street walk, something that is not clearly out there. Carey's undignified compliment is serving Rogers's naughty need for financial support. She desperately falls in love with her - playing it as a Sunday church organ, filling her instrument effortlessly. No sex here. He realizes that he will not get anywhere, he begins with the marriage of Norah, the woman who loves him. Re-enter Mildred, full child and usual care needs. Quit Norah's heart. Further separation from Mildred and Carey begins with a long-term friendship with Sally, an enthusiastic father who seems to see marriage as a good thing for two young people and a chance for relief from one of his nine offspring. The film is reasonable, but not fully followed by the excellent novel Maughama. Howard's career is naive and vulnerable, and for most of the film, his sad eyes resemble one who stands in front of a double-headed shotgun. Mildred is a heartless evil, the worst user, her only interest in her own needs, barely masked when she tries to tear Carey with the thin patina of loving words (and offers - at one point promises to do whatever he wants], "daring a statement on the times and I'm sure the audience is fully understood Preliminary code may be, but the dissolution of Mildred's quick marchs would satisfy the League of Catholic Grace The end is conventional sins, the principals of triumphs The director John Cromwell worked out excellent performances from his two major stars, one well established and the other based mainly on this movie. <br /> <br /> Available on DVD. <br /> <br /> 9/10 (for Davis and Howard's performance)
