Bette Davis's accent in this film is absolutely scary. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities do not realize it and it is all right; but believe me, it's roughly half as good as Dick Van Dyke's Cochen accent in Mary Poppins, and it was a good load of an old pony (slipped into London - many justifications). A remarkable thing for me is that strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not worsen the power of the film. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating cinematography despite superficial errors. It must also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at that time have to be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and letting the story develop cinematically and not exclusively through a vibrant and impressive dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene at Victoria Station. It is beautifully conceived, filmed and edited. Also note the sharp shots of Mildred at the end of the film; they owe more to the early days of artistic filmmaking than the disinfected, creating the world of the studio that was about to dominate. The themes of the film are generally known and convincing: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despised passion, self-esteem, manipulative relationships, social differences and youthful stupidity. Although the dialogue is often somewhat surprised, the difficult task of portraying these themes and inner lives of the personality is solved well, albeit with a low key. Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch, but the story does not fall into the cliché; we are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and offenders, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding about everyday feelings as well as intentional self-discipline. While naive in style, the story achieves a complex heart of human condition and the captivating nature of acting and occasionally alternating exchanges do not diminish the credibility of the work. Human Bondage was one of the movies Bette Davis had spotted in Hollywood, and watching that you were aware that you were witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and charisma screen (nobody tried or despised quite like Mrs. Davis) drew your attention from her first appearance. While her is certainly an unforgettable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as a sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. It's a good combination, but why did she help her with that terrible, terrible accent?
