I still like Leslie Howard in my better movies. For some reason, however, his performance in HUMAN BONDAGE has never changed much. For the first time, I saw a film at a university campus in 1972, and a reviewer in the university newspaper said that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played a role that was later allegedly acquired by Dirk Bogard as a man who was born to be betrayed. It's usually not true (I think of Ashley Wilkes as a person who might be betrayed if Scarlette O'Hara was to be the subject of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any kind of role, such as RJ Mitchell, or Professor Henry Higgins is not the one who is betrayed. * (* It can happen that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by two foreigners he shows hospitality at 49th PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him a liberal, Western, Canadian - fair game that doubles the cross in wartime. the same as an emotional betrayal, and Howard does not collect as a result, but faces the Nazis and captures him after he defeats him.) I think what the evaluator meant was how Howard could have been soulful - or he was trying to be spirited. Check out his poet - the dreamer - the pilgrim in PETRIFIED FORREST. But this character was not betrayed except for history (how he thinks his guy is as obsolete as gangster Humphrey Bogart). Philip Carey's character at Somerset Maugham's OF HUMAN BONDAGE is also spirited. It is sensitive for several reasons. He is interested in art and is trying to become a painter - but unlike artist Strickland in Moon and SIXPENCE he has no real talent. He therefore decides to concentrate on medical studies, which is emphasized by the condition of the club leg. Here is a man with low self-esteem, who is accustomed to being betrayed. Philip finds the treason in the form of Mildred and Cockney's waitress (Bette Davis), a mercenary and as selfish as they come. Why Philip falls to her, it really is not said in the movie, but she finds the fascinating woman. And he finds an easy meal ticket for him. Ironically, Philip can not record two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) and are more suitable to be his friend. Also, he still encounters forgiving Davis when he has affairs with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter is a friend of Howard). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance captures Philip's tendency towards Mildred, he really does not have enough passion (until the late evening in the movie when he looks at her). That's why I do not seem to be interested in his acting - he has no reality. His later tortured insistence in GONE WITH THE WIND, which loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love. But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important. By 1934, she had a wide range of parts, such as a deaf pianist girlfriend in THE MAN WHO BOLED GOD or a spoiled heiress who was murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or as a secretary like a mouse in THREE ON MAT. As Mildred finally showed she could be the main actress by playing a selfish bitch. Curiously, her performance was not the only comment. While she uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the film, she culminates in this famous scene where she shows how disgusted his kissing made her her last scenes show that she might also fall apart because of her health worsens and her inability to keep all honest work. When Howard rejects her, the audience will not notice how it happens to be so vicious (she asks what happened to her baby - she tells him that the child has died and Howard says he is happy, which is barely the answer he expects). Eventually, Howard finally makes her life alive, but Mildred ends up in an accident (ironically her death was discovered by her old friend, Denny, for a medical call). The Film Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to name Davis in 1934 (leading to the biggest record campaign in its history and a constant change in its rules), but Davis was founded as a star. In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years, she and Howard starred again (like the stars) at PETRIFIED FORREST.
