After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got to the role she claimed to be her own and which gave her the strength to be counted on. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis exploded with the utterly indecent task of becoming a waitress who had become the target of Leslie Howard's affection, and she wanted to suppress her teeth in such a role, had no trouble with terrible things whose character was thinking about what to do throughout the film and the terrible transformation, she would undergo. It has also been widely remarked that her performance here, one of the few things that makes this slightly uneven movie traceable, was to recall after two remakes and scenes where they break into Howard made the history of cinema. > <br /> About 85 minutes the story moves at a nice pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), as his life goes beyond the life of the destructive Mildred Rogers over and over again. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis chemistry, however, do not exist - Davis in the interview lived much later in life that she personally does not care about Howard's flamboyance against her and helped her act even worse (in character) towards him like Mildred . Likewise, they both seem to be troubled; their scenes together remain stiff, rescued only by the wild acid that Davis brings to their lines and their own nervous presence. Cromwell's direction again has a certain permanence that sometimes fails - trying to fill some space (whenever there is no Davis) with solvents and mounts that point to a time course (a calendar overriding Frances Dee's change). In fact, in style. That was before the technical and complicated camera angles came into being, and the essentially visual story is simplified, a plain transcript of Somerset Maugham's novel - which is a lot, because on 600 pages it would be "Human Bondage" it was really hard to make even then. Storywise, it seems Philip Carey may be something like a punishment food because there's no obvious sexual attraction between him and Mildred, Mildred never conceals his resentment on how to get there. Howard's performance never feels much outside the emotions - his eyes are always sad, his expression never returns too much to the lost (could be an almost distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - humiliated, wounded, and totally passive) part of his character and the reason why he does not see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) become vulnerable unrequited affections. Interestingly, Johnson Norah, once realizing that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who sums up the story with my greetings that people are bound to other people - she is tied to Carey because Carey is tied to Mildred and Mildred herself is bound to Miller (or the man who is the role of the provider). In its short but unforgettable scene is the one that holds the essence of a moral story.
