I thought it would be a continuation of the original "36th Shaolin Chamber", but in fact it is rather a lighter "sister" of the original. Gordon Liu is still a star as a hero on his way to learning kung fu to defeat the annoying Manchus ... but this time it's lighter and comic. The film centers around a local grinding mill, where wages are lowered to rent 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao," who can crazy the bosses of the mill thinking he is a Shaolin monk who has almost the magic skill of kung fu. But his fortune is exhausted, he is exposed as a scam and promises that the mill workers go to the Shaolin monastery to learn the kung fu and come back to protect them. The comedy really begins in a monastery, where Chao makes several attempts to accept. It creates a lot of really fun moments and lots of great fighting choreography. Continuing the tradition of "36th Chamber" we see in the monastery all kinds of neat and interesting (and extremely hockey) training methods as well as the creative use of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Unique and remarkable is mixing kung fu and craft made of bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but is built to build a bamboo scaffolding for the "10 years of restoration" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there is a special scaffolding for bamboo scaffolding and inspiration drawn by director Lau Kar-Leung. It is a series of hundreds (maybe thousands) of years old craft, and in Hong Kong the scaffold is still made of bamboo even at high heights, although the West uses only steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his lean work, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what it is, he will respond with a nice "kung fu scaffolding!" who for the first time tries during the dust with the monastery's abbot. In the final confrontation with Manchus, there is a dazzling array of creative uses for bamboo sticks and ties. From a comic point of view, I think it's one of the best kungfu genres. Like kung fu, the movie generally also excels ... I recommend it to everyone!
