Some background details of this story are based, very, very loosely, on the real events of the period in which this situation was placed. The story is that some of the details of the famous case of Leopold and Loebe along with Aime Semple McPherson. The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) courtroom. The crowd seemed to be the most willing to do harm to them because their sons were only convicted of a sinister, exciting crime. One person in the mob apparently wipes out Winters' hand as they embark on a waiting car. Soon after they arrive home, telephone calls are beginning to happen, so Reynolds suggests they both move west to stay together and open the dance school. The dance school is successful and satisfies incredibly unpleasant parents who think their child is another Shirley's temple. One of the parents of these spoiled children is a multimillionaire who is quite hit by Reynolds and they start walking. Life looks very good. But when the terrible phone calls start again, Winters responds with a bang - it sounds as if she is approaching a psychotic break, and she's been going to religion again and again - listening to the radio "Sister Alma" almost constantly. You see Winters again and again and finally culminates in very bad things! I will not say more because it could spoil this exciting and interesting film. In many ways, this film is very similar to Bette Davis and Joan Crawford's 1960s horror movies, "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?", "Straight Jacket" and "The Nanny". While none of them is an exact intellectual plan, the kits are extremely fun and entertaining. Writing is very good and at the end there are some nice twists that make everything very exciting. Winters is great as a fragile and demented lady, and Reynolds plays one of the darkest 39-year-old I've ever seen - and she really can really dance. My only concern about everything is that some may consider Winters' hyper-religiosity in the movie a bit dry - like a cheap attack on Christianity. At first I felt so, but when you meet sister Alma, she seems to be sincere and not mocked, so I took Winters' religious zeal as a sign of foolishness - which, I suppose, is all that was intended. /> <br /> By the way, this movie is packed together with "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?" - Another Shelley Winters Horror film from 1971. Both are great fun ... and quite over-top!
