Well, here is another amazing example of an inappropriate 70 years of movies! The basic prerequisite of "What's Helen with?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented so stylishly and sophisticated! In the hands of other film crews, it would definitely become an unpleasant story about exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Who killed Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush? Hush? Sweet Charlotte") in charge, an almost charming mixture of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is certainly horrible, but there are plenty of other experiences, such as love stories, the rocking atmosphere of the 1930s and a lot of singing and tap dance! Setting is undoubtedly what makes this movie so unique. We are literally catapulted back to the 1930s with an excellent description of music, religion, theater and wardrobe. After a long and exhaustive rehearsal that sentenced her sons to life for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and were trying to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. Adelle is particularly adapted to the new environment because she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helenka is still sinking in a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She only listens to the embarrassment of the radio evangelist, fears she will be punished for the crimes her son has committed, and is slowly developing violent tendencies. The script, though not completely defective, is well written and the film is well developed. There is never a dull moment in "What's Happening to Helen," though singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite widespread and not much related to a real plot. But the atmosphere is constantly ominous, and the film is definitely benefiting from Shelley Winters' amazing performance. She is absolutely frightening as an unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to hit for a second, and especially in the last ten minutes, looks rather daunting than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers. There are some great supportive figures who are sadly somewhat underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, such as Michael MacLiammora as a cocktail eloch teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a haunted priestess and Timothy Carey as a difficult visitor to a ladies' house. There are some surprisingly terrifying scenes and moments of real shock that Grand Guignol fanatics can enjoy among us, but especially spells and costumes (even nominated for an Oscar!) They are breathtaking.
