I watched (and recorded) it for a few years back on local television, and after I cheated it, I then erased the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of Midnight Movie with the double feature of Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters for a very affordable price, I could not resist the press. Actually, I got a DVD a few months ago, but now, with Harrington's passage, I got to him; Fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the movie, and in fact, now I find it one of the more satisfied, whether it happened to BABY JANE? (1962) imitation (which, by the way, was shared by screenwriter Henry Farrell). The film offers a wonderful evocation of American depression in the 1930s - with its child's star and a sensational murder (exploited during a fake opening of newspapers); it's stylishly made (kudos to Lucien Ballard's cinematography and Eugene Lourie's stage design) and boasts an effective score by David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver outstanding performances; the other is particularly impressive as a bigger than a vivid and vaguely ominous dictator (though it turns out to be a mere red herring!). Also featured are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (her only portrait; indeed, as the evangelist she plays, she is mostly heard over the radio). Many apparently regretted that the children included musical numbers (including a fun imitation of Mae West), but I personally did not care about them; the film somewhat surpasses its welcome due to the undeniable pace and (maybe unnecessary) intricate conspiracy. Reynolds, a music star herself, is ideally occupied as the owner of a dance school and, despite her rival rivalry, works with Winters. Does it actually give a more balanced view of paranoia and madness than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The narrative then comes with a series of ironic twists that lead to the expected separation of the Grand Guignol type. It seems that the film was weak (originally contained more gore and even lesbian design!) Producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wish - to get a PG rating ...
