The most bizarre of the film genres is the so-called "Grand Lady of the Great Guignol": camper horror films that combined through a melodrama with gothic excitement and always played by an experienced and almost forgotten actress from the Hollywood golden age in the unintentional roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harps . This genre gave them an unusual acting performance that once again allowed to shuffle their stuff on screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their charming pictures of yesterday. "What's Happening to Helen" is the last drop of this genre with the awesome performances of Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the wanderers of two convicted criminals who escaped from the past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a talented school that is silent from promising mothers they want their daughters to be another Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie becomes lucky, clients, tango, dancing and new love interest (Dennis Weaver, Shelley gets wacko with terrible flashbacks, terrible anonymous calls, terrifying aliens, terrible Agnes Moorehead as radio evangelists, cute rabbits, and unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (a story by Henry Farrell, the man who started the whole genre with "What Happened to Baby Jane" along with the master of Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is full of plots, red herons and unnecessary opportunities (Debbie and Shelley as "unsuccessful mothers" and hopeful mothers of childhood stars) and obsessive woman bond (Debbie and Shelley's relationship and the fact that a few male characters of this film are either ominous or modest, even Dennis Weaver's dream ship Texan) ebbie Reynolds musical interludes and dance tots, although the fun watching have too much time on the screen of what is supposed to be a psychological chiller. But this movie is very funny. The two stars and stylish Curtis Harrington can easily overcome their shortcomings. The film recreation of the 1930s is colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!) With a very small budget. The rising atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really terrifying with a shocking finale that will chase you for days. And you would not forget the stupid "good, good" song that goes through the movie. And when you see that Shelley Winters is spreading, every chance of Debbie Reynolds's luck is to watch! 8 out of 10.
