Despite the loving Rita Hayworth, who found the last few sequences of interesting film and was able to appreciate some of the finer "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, the Lady of Shanghai did not really work for me. I had a problem with most of the performance, script, and overall structure. And in a movie that most people in different situations talk to each other, it's quite a problem. The ladies from Shanghai ended up on a very low "C" or seven, for me. The champagne lady is really all about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a carriage and hits her. Later she rescues her from harassment and she will experience it. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland, and Elsa worldwide becomes a yacht owner with his husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful advocate of California. He talks about O'Hara working for them, despite his initial win - it seems to the audience that Elsa is just looking for someone with whom he has a relationship and O'Hara does not want to join. Shortly after working on his yacht, a strange man appears, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's partner, and appears in the harbor. Eventually, Grisby will ask O'Hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous plan. Fool, O'Hara agrees. Naturally it gets quite a bit of trouble, and finally there is a lot of secrets. Perhaps my problems with the film lie in the fact that I'm not really a huge fan of Orson Welles yet, producing, writing, driving and spending most of the time on the screen. Most of Welles' work I have not seen yet, but I liked his later films when he became a little more camping and performing art. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974) and I even get a bit like his appearance at Casino Royale (1967) when he bizarrely insists he may have magical tricks on a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane 1941) I did not do much, even though it gave me 3 or 4 opportunities (including about a year ago, my rating was low 7 - the same as my current point for Gray Lady). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he wrote for himself will come across like me. It's a bit motormouth, a bit frantic and a bit monotonous - it tends to sound as if it's read. His performance reminded me of what I saw in Welles version of Moby Dick (which was featured on IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971), and Orson Welles, The One-Man Band (1995) and I believe that it is extremely dramatic by nature, and I'm also someone who almost never likes acclamations, but Welles somehow succeeds in making his Irish accent influence and choosy for me as well. "As for other performances, I can only to say that I thought Hayworth did a great job, of course, it's beautiful, which will not hurt.A lot of eye candy here.As well as Welles, Sloane seemed to me somewhat hurt and inventive - I never could buy his character, his handicap and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre, where the bizarre does not seem to fit in. Welles often sneaks it in detail, and Anders has almost always an overly surprised, manic expression on his sweaty face i. Structurally champagne from Shanghai very uneven. In the first 50 minutes are extremely demanding and soap operas, although mýtusové operations consist of fragile misalignment. Once Grisby presents his plan, things get a little richer and usually improve when we're near the end. But when the lady of Shanghai becomes a criminal / mysterious movie, it is too late and will quickly turn into a court drama in front of a sudden, thrilling end that almost never comes and is too fast for its relative perfection. <br /> <br /> The end is more action-oriented, less dialogue is heavy, more varied and exotic in settings, and sometimes quite abstract. Welles skillfully combines this skill as a director. If the Lady of Shanghai was largely a combination of crime / mystery and artistic end, it could be at least 9. 9. Final scenes are easy ten as Welles moves from the Hitchcock's exciting scene to San Francisco Chinese Opera House to another thrilling scene in a Chinese amusement park . Funhouse Peak uses cinematography, which was experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the scenario because it allows for complex resolution and triggers a lot of symbolism. Cinematography across the web is interesting, although it can not usually solve problems in the foreground. Welles blocks skill scenes. There are plenty of attractive movie settings, from Central Park to Acapulco to various locations in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for its action, from accented heights and Acapulco's heavy droplets to the caribbean street maze, beautifully framed and silhouetted San Francisco aquarium footage, and so on. The romantic material for which the Aquarium serves as a background is interestingly tempered with some turmoil throughout the film, but on the other hand it makes romance never entirely like romance. <br /> <br /> Certainly serious fans from Wels will appreciate the Lady of Shanghai much more than I do, and of course, it's worth seeing if you like Rita Hayworth. The lady from Shanghai, in my opinion, is not exactly a terrible movie, but it is dangerously close to "not going". Proceed with caution.
