Neatly embedded between STRANGER, a small film noir picture that proved that Welles can make an impressive genre work on budget and for a time and ironically showed his greatest boxing success in the 1940s, and MACBETH, a non-budget Shakespear adaptation shot in the old western eyes after 23 days, THE LADY FROM SHANGAI, a dark film of noir woven from the same Wellesian mythos fabric that covers MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film, the director was unable to save a lot of bosses of studies. Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the postwar whirlwind of the film Noir in full swing, Welles, always a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, was the labyrinth of shadow world that is already darker, sinister, paranoid and serpentine, than what his contemporaries did at that time. No wonder the film was so misunderstood at the time, until the hour was shot forever on the floor, and it was again Europe that promoted it as another classic Welles. <br /> <br /> Some set-pieces stand out. Aquarium scene with flashing light and ominous shadows and, of course, the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors final, which is a classic piece of Wellesian bravado like either CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only mistakes I find with the film are Welles' bad Irish accent and perhaps some irregular adjustments in the first act. However, the story develops in a gradually enchanting way, which only reduces reinforcement. I believe the heavily chopped versions of Shangai and Amberson will make it a matter of surreal quality. Welles would derail in Europe for ten years and returned in 1958 to add yet another classical classic, the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps the coronation jewel of the film noir that was already in his dying days at that time. Shangai was not a success in the boxing game, star for the Hollywood premiere of the star of that time, Rita Hayworth, was to be and Welles marriage to Hayworth ended before the film was even released. Sixty years later and one hour less, Shangai is still one of the best new film films that one is likely to discover. Certainly he has to count on something.
