It's not such a big movie as many people believe (including my late aunt who said it was her favorite film). But because of the better sections of this movie-based novel, especially what is legendarily the famous finale of a "funny home," THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI got significant positions beyond its true value as keys to the saga that Orson Welles could not conquer Hollywood. <br /> <br /> In 1946, Welles' position as a Hollywood character was mixed. CITIZEN KANE has not been recognized as a great movie that has since been seen as the way it was attacked by the Hearst press and the Hollywood insiders themselves. Welles' attempt at complete control (direction and production and acting) of his films seemed to endanger the whole system. His best work in this period was Edward Rochester in Jane Eyre, allegedly shot by Robert Stevenson, but actually shot by Welles (with Stevenson's blessing). Credit went to Stevenson. Only STRANGER, which benefited from post-war interest in the escape of Nazi war criminals, has made a profit. Five years in Hollywood it was barely a great record. Welles returned to Broadway in 1946 and hoped to regain his critical abilities by producing WORLD WORLD in 80 DAYS. But despite the help of Mike Todd and Cole Porter who scored the score, the musician was a failure. His failure appeared just at the same time that his wife Rita Hayworth was on the rise with her portrait GILDA. So marriage was also on the rocks. Welles had to make money - his production on Broadway led to his personal bankruptcy. He sold his interest in possible film rights all over the world Todd (which he would eventually like), and he also sold the idea of ​​a film about Henri Desire's career to Charlie Chaplin, who was to be governed by (and who changed it to MONSIEUR VERDOUX) . The story suggests that Welles, worried about a $ 10,000 tax, was worried by Cohn and offered a film with Rita for a down payment. Cohn was willing to do it, but naturally he asked what the film was. It was a wise question. Welles was on a phone in New York at a pharmacy with a book department. He grabbed a book called LADY FROM SHANGHAI and encouraged him to be a great thriller. Somehow Welles convinced the normal Cohna that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he was looking for rights, and sent Welles a $ 10,000.00 payment. When Cohn hung up, Welles bought and read the book-and found it to be really bad. He spent time rewriting the treatment and a script that would create Rita's character as Elsa Bannister. It certainly has an interesting plot development. Michael O'Hara is a sailor / longshoreman. Elsa Bannister rescues when he is obviously attacked by gangsters in a park in San Francisco. Elsa married Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), a crippled criminal lawyer with great reputation. He persuades him to hire Michael as the captain of his yacht. The cruise ship also includes Bannister's sinister partner George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and one Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia) who turns out to be a detective who hired Bannister to watch Elsa. When Michael and Elsa try to find time together, Broome or Grisby are still appearing. Grisby makes Michael an offer - he wants (for reasons linked to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society) to get out of it, pretending to be dead. According to Grisby (the conspiracy becomes dark), he can still get his life insurance (though dead) and use him to escape to the southern seas. He will pay Michael $ 10,000 if he pretends to shoot Grisby. That means he actually signs a document that allows murder (Michael does not realize that such a confession would eliminate the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). the Grisby course is killed and Michael is arrested for the murder of Broome (shot by Michael's gun). Michael is trained with the Bannister who defends him and finds out that the other is doing the second job because he wants Michael to be convicted. Michael is convinced that Bannister is a real killer and can escape just before the jury's verdict. He is eliminated and placed in an abandoned carnival, and that leads to the famous "fun house" sequence and the end of the movie. It's a terribly confused movie (as I commented). This does not mean that it is not worth seeing - it is visually striking. You testify about the fight between Michael and the police at the Judge's Office, where he knocks the bailiff into the court library and breaks the glass. Or the clever use of photography to capture Hayworth's scuba diving from the rock, reflects on the devilish Grisby binoculars. Actor is quite good, especially Sloane (maybe the best actor is the best film role). Glenn Anders was a leading artist in Broadway. He rarely made films before THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI and his slim Grisby is unforgettable. Also, Ted De Corsia does very well with Broome - a detective who really searches for his own interests at his own expense. As for Hayworth, she turns to performance that was unlike most of what she (Blood and Sand, manhattan stories and ivy are exceptions) and it's an unforgettable siren. Welles' O'Hara is an unusual figure for the actor - a sympathetic but naive person who learns hard not to believe what he secretly wants to believe. It's not KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHELLO, TOUCH OF EVIL or CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT, but it's a good movie for all.
