In NYC, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) saves Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from sinking and rape when she takes a horse and carriage through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Titian Hayworth is in this one platinum blonde; as brilliant as fresh fallen snow - but nowhere so pure ... <br /> <br /> Uncovering another complicated plot in this key "noir" would be criminal. It's as fraudulent as the mirrors that are used in a catastrophic effect in the final scenes - but the film has a much darker secret: From the NY Times: "Children's Shadows: The Secret Murder of Black Dahlie" Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, with Bett, a short 14-year-old friend, walked through short walks, interviews with friends and co-workers, and offered a detailed speculative analysis by Orson Welles - especially in relation to "The Lady From Shanghai." According to Ms. Pacios, the film has a number of identical ritual elements associated with the murder of Shortov, raises the question: Could Welles be a murderer? "Interesting theories - and the many books that are now appearing on" Black Dahlias "appear much more. Fritz Lang is a brutal "film noir", "The Big Heat" (1953), was a Roman-and-key narrative about "Dahlia" killing in "City of Nets," which was LA-but it is Orson's opus that "Dahlia" had a "practical" connection. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood mob war of the 1940s) that made "Dahlia" in ... but it does not neglect much of what Pacios has written. Almost Hollywood intersects with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / heritage / curse is encoded in a number of Golden Age movies. <br /> <br /> "Black Dahlia" border boundary "Shanghai" - even before she started filming. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when he was thinking about creating the" Lady From Shanghai "before losing the opportunity of Orson Welles. Franchot said he was in a bad shape over this deal when he hit Dahlia in Cafe Formosa * opposite studies Goldwyn ... "* Bugsy Siegel's office over the Formosa Cafe and" The Dahlia "was once again one of his re-enabled / abandoned girls. <br /> <br /> It becomes deeper and darker - After the torture of Barbara Payton in 1951 between Tom Neal and Franchot Ton, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a shudder and "never speak the same way," Barbara said, she married Tone. "Tom (" Detour ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(who did not?) And became obsessed - from" LA Despair "John Gilmore:" January 1947 killed young beautiful actress Elizabeth Short, known as " Dahlia "was one of the most frantic murders in the annals of modern crime The project called" Who killed The Black Dahlia "was released by actor Tom Neal, potential producer Gene Harris:" Someone will have to come up with more imaginative business than what Tom has shown Neal and his cohorts ... "Not long afterward:" It would be very clear that a beautiful day would come when Tom bought her beautiful new wife in Palm Springs as she lay on the sofa and shook her head. "45 Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew "Dahlia" and their stories It seems that everyone who crossed the path of "Dahlia" (as a proverb black cat) entered the Twilight Zone dark and / or had an incredible series of bad luck later on. Tone / Neal / Welles are few - and this includes a crippled film called "Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years - all because President Columbia Harry Cohn could not understand the story. It's a dark "noir", to be sure - really darkest. It's also a dirty satire about life in a new atomic age. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" is pushing for the urgent background of the nuclear apocalypse and contains a definitive noir statement on the atomic bomb and the American city. The film's main murderous life (and many of them), a psychotic and a double lawyer, manually anticipates Armageddon at every step and claims to "feel" it. He announces that he plans to flee to the remote Pacific Island - a particularly sour witch from the Welles section, because it was the year that the US began testing the atomic bomb in that place, the Atoll Bikini, displaced all the inhabitants, and destroyed the ecosystem. In the Bikini era, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb has been institutionalized, with the blessing of military brass; the first bomb dropped on the Pacific Testing Ground called "Gilda" and has Hayworth's picture in a provocative dress, painted directly on his cloak ... "It's ironic that Orson Welles' broad interpretation of Ireland is considered a damage to many films. , that "Michael O'Hara" is just a narrator - it's not part of the story, even though it revolves around it. "O'Hara" is in contradiction with the Sea Shark in the movie Sharks to feed madness will not stop until nothing is left. Michael O'Hara "lives to tell the story." Elsa Bannister "causes feeding madness during the" O'Hara "process and her netted chapeau suggests that she is in a cage - not to kill human viewers on Roman Coleseum. spreading their own, waving and continuing on "Else," a human aquarium that correlates with the San Francisco Marine Museum sequence, a human condition ... except "Michael O'Har and "spends his life trying to forget his past (" Elsa ") - or die." Elsa "is part of" Michael "and the story eventually finds itself in his own tail and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
