The lady from Shanghai is weird even by the standards of his distinguished director Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood film has been for many months. It's a sort of postmodern film noir that originated when more popular conventional films of that kind were, and it's about the happy Irish era (played by Welles) that came with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, was married to Welles at that time ), and her crippled and probably helpless husband played with the pungent and malicious taste of Everett Sloan. A long maritime cruise follows when Welles towers like a bodyguard, and the conspiracy stiffens when Sloan's legal partner (Glenn Anders) appears and starts to trouble by making special speeches about suicide and other morbid themes that suggest that a man is on the brink of mental disintegration. There is a murderous plot, and Welles and his employers are following a variety of calamities, and at this point the story, blurred and told as fast as it may seem, comes from a deep end, and the last part of the film forms brilliant overhead set pieces that seem to be thrown, to give the film a little disk and urgency, her story does not have her own, and the result is a very attentive and often pleasant, always incomprehensible disorder. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Welles is trying to do with this film except that he can resurrect his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-sacrifice interferes, as she often does with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never looked as if it were less. That she is also occupied as a femme fatale looks strange because in addition to her beauty her most appealing feature, as the screen personality was the kindness, quality she does not have in this picture. The director himself is strangely unwilling and abhorrent in O'Hara, (probably) a hopeless sailor, for Welles, for all his gifts, was not known as the easy person he works with. That's the job that maybe twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could breathe life. Welles no. The most interesting project in the film is Glenn Anders' like Grisby, Sloan's sadness, a treacherous legal partner. Anders is doing miracles with the part and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end in odd, sour notes and are often boringly edited; but for all of this he was able to make Grisby's indignation tangible and worrying and predictable he expected it to be more spectacular actors of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. There is a question about this movie: What did Welles say? He was a very talented and intelligent man and he was trying to make a statement in his films, which, whether he agrees with his world or not, were greatly done. I think I have an answer or a partial answer: Welles has summarized his film career. He got to the end of his rope in a Hollywood studio he despises, and he knew it. The lady of Shanghai is not convincing in the mogul studies that day, but I believe that in his portrayal of an amoral opponent, he is rivaling large shot at lawyers (readers: producers) who express Wels' opinion to a Hollywood broker. That he imagined himself a helpless sailor, he says. Welles himself was certainly a grazing traveler and he seldom lived in one place for long. He was hired by the studio to provide him with a large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane) that caused a fiery storm a controversy that he had never fully recovered. It may be a problem that does not dare to speak of his title in this film, which means that Welles personally failed to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony and his inability to deliver the goods as he promised. The mere fact that he had appeared in Hollywood, just as his mere presence in the film, could not prevent disasters that would be out of control. Being a friendly, naive outsider in the film shows that Welles has a lack of self-esteem. He was a much more in-house player than he was going to, and I imagined he was scornful of his knowledge of the worldly aspects of life, and of knowing he knew so much.
