It could be a true movie poet of all time, Columbia's studies have not been so sharp to Orson Welles. What is left of us is a flawed, yet brilliant film that shows the enormous Welles talent as an actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent. "The Lady From Shanghai" is a movie noir that is the most volatile and confusing. Welles, with an uneven accent, portrays Michael O'Hara, a servant of Irishman, who, after a fatal encounter with the seductive, dangerous Elsa Bannister (Hayworth in a great performance), is forced to accept work as a crew for her and her crippled wife (Everett Sloane) yacht. Elsa, or "Rosalie," as she likes Michael, plays her very well on the innocent, helpless dolls that O'Hara takes to her site. Because lovers run a secret affair at sea, aboard Arthur Bannister's partner in his law office, George Grisby (Glenn Anders). It's a weird and untrustworthy person who offers Michael a unique proposition: He will get $ 5,000 to help Grisby in pretending Grisby's death, and so it looks murder. The plan is for Michael to get out of technical terms and set off for Elsa into the sun. But things do not work. Hayworth brings us one of the best female females of all time in a very ambiguous picture. Occasionally, it seems to be really vulnerable and childish, with others brutal, difficult and difficult. She is always beautifully beautiful, whether it's a situation where she needs to be dripping in her swimsuit or dressed in black, and she's beating a gun. Hayworth is beautifully photographed here and she is away from her famous role as "Guild". Her husband, Orson Welles, broke off the trademark of Auburn Locks on a dyed blonde skin (anger by Columbia's chief Harry Cohn). It was an amazing ad, and the change is great for her. She is not a sympathetic femme fatale, which is the "Gilda," here - instead of being a prey and a black heart that considers murder a very useful option. Pairing Welles and Hayworth came when the married couple had extreme difficulties in marriage. They would divorce after the movie was made, so it is also the curiosity to provide some insight into the complicated relationship. They're hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to judge if they have the right chemistry on the screen. Surely every encounter is strong and full of raw sexuality, with Welles as a "parachute" (even it admits itself in the movie!) And Rita as a two-member babe. <br /> <br /> The character of Welsh is a typical noir "drifter" with a great sense. As Welles convinces, O'Hara really does not use his brain, "I expect to think about her (Elsa)". Welles usually played intelligent, charismatic boys, so his march as a muted Michael is unusual and very interesting. Welles was really a talent actor, and he pulls it off well. Everett Sloane is as cunning as Hayworth's crippled husband. One wonders why Michael hires. It is obvious that his wife is interested in them romantically, so why invites a "threat" on board? One interpretation might be that Michael provides "service" to his wife that Bannister can not in his crippled condition. There is certainly something about this theory, with a lot of consequences for Else's behavior before meeting her husband (was it a prostitute?) And Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most secret secrets, which are suggested in several scenes. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This is an overcrowded, complicated film with a conspiracy that is ultimately flawed. We are more interested in triangle love than murderous conspiracy, as with most noir. Welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches, including the well-known culmination of the "Mirror Hall". It's an amazing scene, one end that can almost erase mistakes earlier in the movie and raise it to size. This fun house scene is visually stunning, with a dated-like feel for the painted files (apparently Orson painted them themselves). Fine visual imagery used throughout the Welles film improves the plot and makes it an idea-provoking experience. Dialog is burning and confusing, it delivers great Rita's alternating eager low voice and helpless, high-pitched voice of the girl. Hayworth demonstrates her acting skills in this and proves that SHE is the ultimate femme fatale 'noir'. It's a shame (only a tiny one because Rita was a brilliant dancer) that she made so many wonderful, yet singing and often forgotten musicals for Colombia in the 1940s, instead of a dark subject. She was a great actress when she was given the opportunity to show her talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
