It is very difficult to say what is happening to "Lady of Shanghai" and what could be a film without an intervention in the studio. Orson Welles' most striking interest in the film at this point was to raise money for his theater; actually financing his own projects is what made him look for actor's work. He made "The Lady of Shanghai" for his early being a former wife, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was afraid of Rita's painting and detained the release of this film for a year. This plot relates to Irish sailor Michael O'Hara, who fell in love with Else (Hayworth, stunning with short blonde hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer, Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), who is as crippled from the inside as he is out. O'Hara hires to work on his yacht, and O'Hara is dragged deeper and deeper into a network of murders and scams. The "lady from Shanghai" is moving in a fast snail, although I agree with one of the posters that today's films are being criticized for making time to build a plot. Still, this film stretches. The scene in the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, though, and I believe the studio has cut it. It is a shame. The whole photo is amazing, atmospheric, courageous and very stylish. Welles was a great actor, handsome in his youth, a charismatic and spectacular voice and technique, but in many movies it's almost like he does not trust himself or he does not take the time to develop the character. Instead, it relies on external elements such as accents and false noses. One of the only times he did not do was "Tomorrow is forever," where the director gains an excellent, deep-seated performance. Contrasting it with "Compulsion", where he shows he is a master of purely technical acting while he phoning in his performance. Here Welles does a quadruple duty - as a director, star, co-writer, and narrator. Sporting a totally unnecessary accent and intense view was a quick way of characterization. Yet he is always convincing. Supportive players are excellent, including Sloane and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, beautiful and subtle-vocal (her singing was once again called Anita Ellis) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great imagery. What a sad life for such a brilliant beauty. Every film that director Orson Welles is worth seeing and "The Lady from Shanghai" is no exception. But this leaves the viewer frustrated, just like "The Magnificent Ambersons" - just like any work Welles did in the studio. He was a great artist who should have a looser government; was not. It was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as some of his later works prove, he needed a study structure. Unfortunately, he could not have both.
