The first secret is to guess what was Welles' original film. It makes this a real adventure - seeing an incomplete skeleton and using movie forensics, imagine the beautiful woman she once supported. If you do, you both will see and experience perhaps one of the best secret movies ever. Like the mystery, the narrative is more common: a simple diversion, a jealous man like a red herring. What is more miraculous is Welles to place the story in an artificial eye when they see a dark, dark, multifaceted world. The first real noir, but even darker. This is not an obviously twisted world unless you think about cameras. What we see firsthand is someone who creates a vocabulary that would later become normal. <br /> <br /> For all the celebrations Kane was successful due to the great drama and story. The eye photo was shocking, but experimental. Welles would go from here to explore Shakespeare's mysterious narratives and self-references with this eye. Othello and MacBeth are starting this period and I consider them to be part of a single vision with this. <br /> <br /> Noir feeling here depends on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives, even a little - they are manipulated by accidental factors in the environment. So when telling this story, Welles has to make the environment a character. Several characters as secret suspects. <br /> <br /> We have the famous lighting, blocking and angles we know (and have seen many times since then). And we have intentionally sealed sets: a park, yacht, picnic, aquarium, dock, courthouse, Chinese theater and entertainment. I am sure that what the barbarians have interrupted was a lot of "external" narratives that do not relate to the character, but in those weird environments. My own solution to this mystery is that funhouse did it, among other characteristic environments introduced as suspects. In other words, the manipulation of black Irish (which is known from notes and one scene written in the trade union hall was an aspirational writer) was not even the power of a human conspiracy (a park or civilized version, a courtroom) or nature (picnic or civilized version, aquarium). Instead, it was a matter of deliberate separation by the God of entertainment. This is, of course, a self-reference to what Welles does: putting these people (including ourselves) through hell for our own freaks, a matter underlined by the Beijing Opera House with Welle transported. And, of course, leading to the funhouse, where the environment is shaking with perception. More about yourself-link: surely there is a conscious comment about his relationship with his soon to be exwife. However, I think there is a strong subconscious expression on my own view of the environment in which it worked, in the study environment. Certainly Welles was as tired as his character. And this swing took the form of the murder of this film leaving the rot of the corpse mentioned at the beginning of this commentary. The poor Rita comes from China, which connects the whole thing, the Chinese theater, the expected rape from above, the loss of a woman. Investing in the environment beyond all.
