This is an excerpt from the nine-member "Mr Cohn's note from Mr. Welles", written after Orson saw a modified version of Harry Cohn's image of Harry Cohn (he chose one hour): <br /> <br /> "... The theme song was written by first-class composer George Antheil, although not written for our picture, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threats combined with something fresh and romantic, making it acceptable ... The only musical idea that this contemporary composer seems to Heinz Roemheld), he is rather tired of using a popular song - "Theme" - in as many possible configurations as possible "Please do not ask me" for almost every bridge and also for a lot of background material Melody is nice, it can be useful very well on Hit Parade - but the Lady of Shanghai is not a musical comedy. Mr. Roemheld is an enthusiastic devotee of the old-fashioned type of scoring that is now it our business as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls down, does the orchestra "Falling" sounds etc. etc. If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers over all the negative ones, I could not have been unfortunate results ... Just before I left abroad, I asked Vi (editor Viola Lawrence) to make a cut that would include collapsing the cab taxi and a little bit of dialogue. I'm convinced it would be a great passage ... save so many needed shots in a slow start order (it was not done, it was the main weaknesses of the film's opening disk) ... There's nothing really Rita's diving to make a big orchestral rise ... What is the matter about Rita's beauty ... evil suggestions designed by Grigsby's character and Michael's confusion. Some or all of these items could inspire music. Instead, diving is treated as the summit of the ancient moment in a silly symphony: the Prutfall Pluto Pup or the wild jump into the universe by Donald Ducke ... There is no sound atmosphere on the ship. Little wind and water are very missing. It does not make sense to shoot the scene on a real ship if it sounds like it was before the process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score we used a very curious, sexy Latin American tribe ... It was replaced by "cruel "a sequel - a bad warehouse ... This kind of music destroys this quality of foreignness, which is exactly what would save the Lady from Shanghai before, another whodunit ... There is a huge musical blast on the Grigsby line:" I want you to kill him . " That's absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music that comes out of the radio ... should be so haggard to make a certain satirical point. In its current form, it is at the same level as the rest of the score. No one in the audience could suspect we were kidding ... The aquarium scene needs more echoes. "Please do not regret me" again! ... Bad dubbing and bad scoring destroyed the character of Michael, who ran on the pier. From the shot to the call, a careful sample of votes has been built, spending a lot of time and effort. For some reason, it was all set aside in favor of an unclear hullabaloo. As a result, the whole sequence seems to be boring ... The audience should feel at the moment with Michael that they might be going crazy. The new dubbing work can only provoke the feeling that she may be asleep ... The battle of battle with fracture mirrors can not be supported by music ... Final music again refers to "Please do not hurt me" ... This finale is obvious from the point of view of vulgarity and makes incalculable damage to image completion. "<br /> <br /> All of these Orson adjustments have been ignored
