When I watched one of Orson Welles' recent contributions to Hollywood as a director, I knew I was looking at a great movie, though sometimes I did not know why. The story of the Lady of Shanghai has first-rate elements of film noir: average - Joe's lead, femme fatale, prominent supporting characters, and a comprehensible, rather complicated plot structure. It's a fun ride, and it's filled with Welles' unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that just do not work or feel full of what Welles is seeing (unfortunately, the latter is too true - executive producer Harry Cohn and Columbia execs are blaming it) Welles plays with his wife, deeply beautiful Rita Hayworth, like Mike O'Hara, an Irish laborer who can and is angry at the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane) accompanied by a friend of Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to go to the yacht and take O'Hara on the road, initially reluctant, but agree, because he falls to a married lady. When their path develops, O'Hara finds out that Bannister and Grisby are not pleasant to be around, and more so with Grisby, which first seems to be his gourd. Yet, as the plot goes, O'Hara is attracted to the scams that Grisby plans for insurance money, with results I dare not reveal (even though they are being discussed over and over again by others). <br /> <br /> Regardless of what is going on in the mysterious part of the story (and those moments when the pictures were dictated), the performance and appearance of the film remain remarkable after more than fifty-five years. Although he did not have Greg Tolland (Kane's DP) terrible at his side, Reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and elegant, covered with shadows, deep focus, low angles, and work. A special success is the flash mirror scene, which is, among other things, the pinnacle. Welles himself is always as reliable as an actor - though his accent is not something special - and Hayworth himself makes the scene a little more splendid, despite her journey in the story. <br /> <br /> Lady of Shanghai is worth seeing, especially for fans of Welles, Hayworth, or fans of film noir (fans of the Coen brothers might also find it fascinating). It may take a while to repeat the views (as was the case with Touch of Evil), for the basic motifs of the plot that sank.
