After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood leaders turned their cubes to the big Orson Welles. With the exception of Kane, Welles has lost all creative control of MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY TO FEAR and many other films. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional creators when Hollywood needed a few more. LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of an incomprehensible view of Welles' movies at the time, a film that looks a bit choppy and non-exclusive. It has a conventional 1940 facility that was said in the most unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up on the floor of the trough. Now is a legend that Columbian mogul Harry Cohn stood up during the initial screening and asked what was going on. In retrospect, many of the old grumps that were running the studio had no idea of ​​cinematographic techniques, and the masterly narratives of Orson Welles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI are almost great due to their intrusion. <br /> <br /> In addition to being probably the greatest director of all time, Welles was also quite executive as an actor. At the age of 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane," perhaps the most famous figure in the movie. Here lies the rare character of a confused joke and a lot of intelligence, something unknown to those who have become familiar with Welles. Instead of a smooth, wise language they speak with a rough, Irish bang. Rita Hayworth (at that time his unhappily married wife) plays the unfortunately married woman of a lawyer who takes the wizard Welse and is able to pull him into a job that takes him to the edge of deceit and disillusionment. It's a big oath that even killed a man, but the real secret lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with stunning blond hair) and crippled Everett Sloan (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). Scary partner Sloane, along with sails across the country, has begun a series of special events that Welles' "Michael O'Hara" is spinning. Welles tells the painting like O'Hara, but things are still unclear. Look for yourself and realize that it needs at least 2 tours to fully know what it is. <br /> <br /> The atypical situation in the courtroom centers around 'O'Hara' and Sloane defends him. It's a strangely comic scene with some unpredictable methods for a courtroom, including Sloan, who is exploring himself. I did not want to laugh here because the movie is going to happen at the moment, after the first part that will never give up. Up to this moment, cinematography is great, some scenes are crafted by crafts and skills (aquarium love scene), but there is no distinctive line that draws elements and us, the audience, inside. Allegedly, the court scene was shot again against Welles' requests (10 ordered Hayworths) and Cohn's urgent urgent song, sung by a star. The fragile score threatened Welles, who was again abandoned by the editing process. We thank Welles for saving the whole movie at the end of the tour, which will always be appreciated. The so-called "Mirror Strength" scene brings fans time and time again, the truth is so. <br /> <br /> It must be seen that he is believed and doing a good job of packing some confused thoughts. The loss of mirrors represents "disillusionment of O'Hara," and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place, and it's really "crazy", twisted and reversed as the image of Dali. That's a great end of the missing image, if it was probably 100 in itself. First, then 3 or 4 other Orson Welles movies created all of the collective "best of" lists if you were to create your own charm. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look at Mercury who is so prominent in Welles' photos. They appear everywhere. EVALUATION: 8 out of 10
