In Japan, Ashura is a story of the Demons who take over the land. The premise is much more complicated, but the story of the arc should not be forgotten. Japan is in turbulence, with demons occupying the human form of the country. In general, demons look and behave like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but the classic form of "ogre," which is the mythological creature of some historical figure. We are talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly monsters that eat a baby. In human form, however, green eyes and green teeth that appear, stress remain. To save the world from demons, there are Demon-killers. Trained and experienced warriors who can find and defeat most of each kind of demons and who guard the passage between the cult of hell and the real world. These are the basic assumptions. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a celebration in the local city. Between these festivals, three men come in, clothed in all blacks, seemingly deliberately damaging. The villagers are running, except for those who are demonic in nature who turn green eyes and try to kill them. Demon's killers eventually kill most demons. From there, this story becomes interesting. The whole story begins when a demon appears at the gate to hell in front of three gates that reveal the arrival of Ashura. With him comes the end of the reign of man and the reign of demons begins. Ashura, however, requires some form of birth process, the first of which occurred during the opening battle, but which will not be revealed until you see the movie. The three demoniac murderers are a wise old man, a strong but unintentional man and an experienced and sympathetic warrior. You instantly see the split between them, the old man who wanted to stop the demons, the strong one who would want to bend his growing ego maniacal desire, and the third tries to stop the other. On the way, she meets the woman she's starting to remember, and she believes she has a special relationship. She is again a brigadier who is a good-hearted, sought-after authority. When they both meet face-to-face, they put their hand on their shoulders and suddenly they're torn by the mark on their shoulders. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. The result is the battle of the earth, the battle between good and evil, how it should be, but also between good and good. <br /> <br /> I think this movie has become something other than what I thought it would be. I have come to think that it is either a fast-paced movie with demons, or a horror film with the fearsome evil and delicate creatures that could be seen in Ring and Ju-on. But I was wrong. The story that seemed to me is the adaptation of the very old Japanese game and it's playing as such, combining basically action adrenaline scenes with a great concept, a stunning story and a style that makes you think more than just sit in the dungeon. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious conversation between two characters, which likewise will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a virtually theatrical experience that will excite you. The film uses endless scenery and camera that are comparable to many great samurai films of today, but bring a well-thought-out and classic conspiracy. Thanks to great acting, great music and amazing scenes, I have to watch in my book. <br /> <br /> This is said, but it needs a disclaimer that it is not for all. Her cheapest excitement of terrible horror, its sphere is not on the wall. It's horror in the style that was filmed. He has plenty to say and takes the time to fly in the face of conventional one-time vehicles. Just like Japanese games, exchanges between characters can take many minutes before they gather for a quick but amazing battle. If you can enjoy such a thing, it is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slicker flicks with a little plot and excessive nudity, then you can easily watch something else. Overall, this movie is unique and amazing for me that keeps you cool and amused. has good writing, good negotiation and good direction. Everything is really a great movie.
