I must admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed with some of the very negative remarks that this film seems to raise. I think it's a great horror / scifi movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic cosmic flight to Saturn. While there has been some bizarre and unknown disease in the universe. Wake up on the hospital bed, look in the mirror, and face his face in front of his eyes! An escape to hospital supervision is hidden in some of the local forests that surround a small town. Unfortunately, he is starting to develop a rapidly growing hunger, which can be satisfied only by eating other people. He must feed the human body and drink the blood of others to survive! A curse of human prey will begin its dominion of horror! It's up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone because his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants him to be kept very calm. Nelson does not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge), however, becomes suspicious when General Perry appears as some locals become accustomed to half. I do not understand why this movie gets such negative reviews as what people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special Makeup and Gore Effects, which are largely outstanding, and the fact that all of their prosthetic effects and harmless CGIs are even better. Writer and director William Sachs are not afraid to use them, we get some beautiful long long shots of incredible melting of man and even now hold well. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but professional enough. The script can create impatience for the monster, shots to find him teddy in Ted Nelson's house or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reaches violently. The end, located in a large factory of some kind, is relatively weak so do not expect any happy ending. Which surprised me. Also, the script does not really make anything to the point, it just walks around melting and killing, with her boyfriend trying to stop him, maybe a little too easy. Personally, I think the worst part of the movie is near the beginning when a fat nurse walks to the hospital corridor slowly, its shouts are also shown slow, they look and sound totally ridiculous! You have to see to believe it! I like this movie very much and I recommend it to fans of horror and scifi from the 70s and 80s. A bit of my favorite.
