First of all, anyone who is looking for meaningful output-oriented cinemas that packs a social message with meaningful performances and soul-searching dialogues spoken by devotees, emotionally and honestly, please please leave. Losing time and life is short, go to the new Brangelina Jolie movie, have a good scream, go out and buy a hybrid car or throw off your conflicting diamonds if you like it and leave us alone. <br /> <br /> Do not let the door hit the road. MEASURING MAN ČESKÝ MĚŘICTVÍ is grade B minus a regional horror epic shot in the Oklahoma wasteland by a young television cast and crew and concerns an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects, wakes up in the hospital and finds his body liquefied on it as he sits there feeling. The melting man plays one Alex Rebar, which is recognizable about the first four minutes of the movie. But as soon as she begins to come up with Rick Baker's extraordinary make-up effect, she reminds you of what you might find in the spam tray before releasing all the runny, viscous grease blisters. The film has zero Exposure and not interested in land: There are several scenes involving types of scientists who move on an absurd industrial transport machine that obligatorily recites several mandatory rows about the effects of radiation, but the film really does not care. It's an exhilarating show and a wonderful show that definitely has a bad sense of humor for those who can stomach her - One big laugh comes when a molten man wanders over a young girl in the woods and is so lost for what to do that one from his eyes he jumps up. Cheerful. The movie "hero" is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating actor from the 1970s and 80s golden TV scenes, somewhat of a prototype model for Kevin Spacey. slightly twisted, nervous and one step ahead of most of the room, even though he looks confused. He appeared just after this movie was made in a bizarre, horror-made TV anthology piece called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or Alien Zone), which is considered one of the best movies ever made in Oklahoma, where I suspect , that this film was also made. The empty, cold landscape of the Midwest is certainly the same, and the stream that one miserable fisherman chooses for his afternoon of the sport, it seems to be the same that Cameron Mitchell fought with flying alien pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING ... a bad sense of humor, some pretty outrageous gore. I definitely see at least the aesthetic connection between the three films, just like PRINT LAMA, which is no surprise given that director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast MELTING MAN. others pointed out that it was a 1950 film plot that was updated for later sixties by special effects and inevitable breasts. The film, most likely borrowing most of his ideas, is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to impressive radiological effects that have rewarded him in killing. One of the things I really admire in the film is that absolutely no attention is paid to the motivation of human melting: He just goes to fury, and the film drama comes from wondering whether he'll break apart before some characters become victims of his madness . The budget for the movie is also beautifully low and every dime spent on it is there on screen, Rick Baker's disgusting effects get a left share in what was devoted to it. Sick, disgusting fun best to enjoy the crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can not people make more movies like these? <br /> <br /> 8/10
