I have always liked this comedy as one of the few who has seriously tried to deal with the US government's annual tax bill. Have you ever read the tax code? It is a fairly trial process that follows a number of provisions that our congressmen and senators advocate to help their financial supporters and various interest groups. Despite the claim that it is fair, the Tax Code has always placed the burden of burden on middle and working class rather than wealthy and influential. Most of the various special clauses are for use - walk through the 1040 or 1040A form and look at the different investments and businesses, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never benefit from it. The story here is that a rich landowner (Philip Ober) is using his influence to deflect the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have been paying taxes for 20 years. Baltimore's IRS is under Fred Clarke, and he is attracted to attention for Ober with his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. Randall finds out that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are quite decent people who rarely need cash to produce and exchange with their neighbors.) But Randall, trained in clean (to IRS) tax rules, tries to set the family on the ground. But gradually Douglas notes that Reynolds likes Randall, and still keeps Randall away from his job, eventually drunk. He also makes it difficult for Randall to leave by the engine of his cars removed "for repair" by his two sons. [Edit] The environment, loving Reynolds. In fact, they make a cute pair. Eventually, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back to shame, and Clarke (the harsher candy) gets into the pavement handcuffs. And he comes up with a big tax receipt that probably destroys Douglas's family. The film does not end there - it ends happily, but it reminds us that the power to tax is destroying power and that government is too often destroyed. The chance of a million spills rescues the family, but it is so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarke's boss (Charles Lane) shortens the essence of "helping" Obera by suggesting his next year's taxes be more attentive. Then Ober is rather green.
