As the winter approaches, our state broadcasting company, ABC, decided for some reason to have a partial Jane Austen festival on Sunday night. It began with the twelve-year film version of "Emmy" last Sunday; and recently three more novels - "Persuasion", "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park". The curious thing about this production of A & E television networks, Reliable Andrew Davies, is that it appeared almost simultaneously with two much larger budget movie versions, one of which was played by Gwyneth Paltrow and "Clueless", a "upgraded" version of Alicia Silverstone , which transferred the conspiracy to Beverly Hills. Perhaps, as a result, even with Kate Beckinsale in the lead, this production sank without a trace. As a general rule, much is lost when the novels are reduced to fit the length of the film. Adaptations that tend to act and remember are those that have enough space to develop both story and character. An excellent example is "Brideshead Revisited," which in 1982 had 13 episodes of 50 minutes. Just in 2005, to compare the very common film versions of "Pride and Prejudice" with the brilliant television miniseries in six parts of 1995. It's not about making a novel, and some novels (often not very good) are greatly adapted to the film ("Reconciliation" is a recent example), but Jane Austen's novels need some time and space to spend their full charm. <br /> <br /> Due to the deficiencies of this type of adaptation, this production is all right. Kate Beckinsale gives Emma the right mix of self-confidence and vulnerability, and Mark Strong is direct lord Knightly (reminded me that Jane tended to recycle characters - Knightly is a more articulated version of the moody Mr. Darcy of P & P). Samantha Morton was rather tricky Harriet, but Prunella Scales got Blabbermouth Miss Bates perfectly? Sybil Fawlty to speed. Bernard Hepton as Emma's poor father was also excellent. We saw damp landscapes, mud and poverty, as well as indifferent interiors, if anyone thought it was a particularly idyllic age for everyone. Although it was a shortened adaptation, it was strange in places ?? some of the interviews were somewhat compressed, even allowing the formalities of time. I had to take a look at the movie again to be sure, but it could be due to the lack of use of reaction shots. If you like filmed things, it's a perfect example, and compares to the Paltrow version. Anyway, there is more!
