Until the 1990s, the film was never based on Emma's Jane Austen. Then, in the same year in 1996, two appeared. Or, if you calculate the 1995 Clueless, which updates Austen's conspiracy at a modern American high school, three in two years. The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from her native family in Regency England. She is financially much better than most Austen heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not have a need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, the main concern seems to be finding a husband for his friends. He convinces his friend, Harriet, to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, who believes that Harriet should focus on Mr Elton's ambitious priest. This scheme is disastrously bad, but Elton is not interested in Harriet, but Emma loves herself. The speed at which Emma rejects her proposal makes one wonder why she was so determined to admit her girlfriend to a man she considers (with good reason) to be an inappropriate spouse for herself. This is Jane Austen's plot, Emma turns out to be less committed by the spinster than it seems, and she also falls in love, leading to further complications. Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is the star of Hollywood, but in 1996, although only a year younger, she was not nearly as well known as Gwyneth Paltrow. She is, however, as convincing as Austen's well-liked, but often miserable heroine. It seems that Beckinsale has a gift for classical roles - she has made a beautiful hero in Kanneth Branagh's "Power of Nothing" by Hannover - and I sometimes wanted Hollywood to find a more suitable role for her than to spend it on turkeys like " Pearl Harbor "or" Underworld ". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as Emmy Knightley's love interest, mainly because he approached his own conception of the character as a gentleman, a knightly older man, in some ways more of a father-Emmy character than a lover. (His surname is likely to indicate his gentleman's nature - gentlemen from the nineteenth century like to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their complicated chivalry codes). Strong tends to suppress the age difference (she's 37, she's 21) and makes Knightley a more passionate lover and less wise teacher than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who went to bigger things) is perhaps closer to Harriet's novel than Toni Collette. This was much smaller of both versions, television rather than a cinema, and sets and costumes seem to be less rich and fewer names are cast. Costume drama, however, is generally something that British TV is doing well, and this version may well have its version of cinema; both are fun and well prepared versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
