Many critics felt insulted that R.W. Fassbinder portrayed both the people and the protagonist Wilki and the Nazis in this film. But other Fassbinder films will realize that Lili Marleen (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "female films" as "Marie Braun's marriage" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be much better addressed to women than men" because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually play their decisive roles in society, "women are able to think dialectically." Dialectics, however, means that there is not only the thesis and its opposition, as usual in our black and white world, but the synthesis in which the objections are the same. Moreover, the dialectic means that the absolute opposition of the difference between the thesis and the opposite is abolished due to the third instance of synthesis. Namely, from the point of view of the dialectic and the representation of the fascist state, underground warriors must necessarily use basic means, such as rulers, and between the perpetrators and the victims there is a chiastic relationship, so every offender is also the victim and every victim is also the perpetrator. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract program, which goes beyond classical logic, in his "City, Garbage and Death" (1975) directed by Daniel Schmid under the title "The Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, approaching a priori controversial topic like Nazi Germany in a dialectical way, displaying this time in the form of a film is even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see our recognition of the world not far exhausted by the primitive light switching scheme, but needs the third instance of synthesis as the governing instance of its opposite thesis and contradictions. The mutual relationship between the perpetrators and the victims must be examined, because it is simply not true that the perpetrators are bad and the victims are good. From the synthetic point of view, bad people participate in goodness while they are good at this. They are related. In a world view based on classical logic, the relationship between good and evil and ethics based on this inadequate logical system, the poor conscience of the surviving Nazi Germany, which is (illogically enough) responsible for the deeds of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and and synthesis in the form of a new assessment based on this relationship. From the dialectical view of Fassbinderer, neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "abuse" of the government system for their private purposes because they are not using them badly, they simply use them. Conversely, because victims must repeat the actions of perpetrators because offenders must repeat the actions of the victims because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of each other as in two-valued logic, their strategies are legitimized by the chiastic structure of logic describing our world it is not black and white at all, much better than black and white logic.
