Does it say that around ABBA? a multi-award-winning Swedish favorite disco, "the star has reached its zenith, the band has been frustrated with singing in English and longed to perform in their native language." The troupe began to appear in a one-time closed and waterproof partnership, and recordings became more and more frequent. unofficially, in 1982 and pop losing one of the most famous artists.Although they never admitted that there is any truth in these superstitions, the fact remains that ABBA would never be so successful if they only recorded their native language. media market with financial resources around the world then you have to take care of an English-speaking audience. <br /> <br /> It's amazing that such a small island, located in stone throwing far from the European continent, could create perhaps the most respected , although the most widely spoken language in the world in English, whether it's simply "hello" or a common swearing - you can find almost everywhere an English speaker. Pedro Galindo, of course, disagreed because Trampa Infernal has never been named for worldwide consumption until it was recently released on DVD. That's really a shame because it's a really decent Slasher film that's much better than many of its English-speaking genre compatriots. The film begins in somewhat unknown territory of a pistol duel. The two unidentified characters are displayed around the dilapidated complex and are looking for each other for the inevitable final settlement. After some tension and a few unreachable mistakes, one of the pistols wins victorious. We also learn that they are just paintball guns and two racers are really young from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the most frequented rivals, and Mauricio is always trying to prove he is better than his slightly spoken opponent, but he has not. Later that night, while the winning gunner celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has the last challenge for his famous miracles. He says it will be a competition that will once and forever prove to a city that deserves total respect. Nacho is reluctant at first because Alejandra warns him of the threats of continual competitiveness, but ultimately succumbs to the peer pressure of peers and agrees; that he is about to go to a remote area of ​​Filo de Caballo because recent press reports indicate that many people have been crippled by what the natives believe to be a bad bear. Mauricio suggests that one who kills an animal can be considered the greatest and also promises that it will be the last battle he is paying against his opponent. After visiting the arsenal to supply weapons and ignoring the warnings of an older warehouse, the group headed for the remoteness of lonely forests. Hunters are hunted because they learned that the "bear" is actually a murderous Vietnam veteran who still does not realize that the war has ended and considers all people to be their enemies. What began as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival when they are prosecuted and killed by a sinister killer. I trapped Tramp while I was studying in Madrid from a Mexican student who lived in the dormitory next to -internally. I remember the copy I was watching was flawed and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credits unfolded, which meant I had never seen the last scene. Fortunately, I hit the DVD budget recently on the Amazon, and I immediately added it to my collection. <br /> <br /> Gallindo slasher is a surprisingly good effort that excels in its devious direction and an enthusiastic conspiracy that attempts to cover areas that do not usually like amazing movies. It's so good that it reminded me of more than one occasion of the classic Predator Arnold Schwarzenegger. This is particularly noticeable in scenes that show that the camouflaged killer jogging in the forest and watching a panic-stricken set as they fight to escape the maniac's pitch. In spite of Gallindo, there is obvious awareness of the phrase genre (bogeyman even uses a finger gauntlet and la Freddy Kruegar); Trampa is also trying to add something other than a standard template. While most runtime plays according to specific category rules, the third one represents a significant step in individuality, while the maniac is armored with a machine gun and brings the hero to his final settlement lair. From this moment on, the film swaps genres quickly and becomes almost an action movie that will either upset or disappoint you, depending on your taste. The last slasher to try to cross the two styles was the dirty eighth entrance "The Majorettes," which is not necessarily a good thing. As with many Latin films (especially Spanish films from Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a gentle story of morality about her story, which is successfully transmitted without being thrown into the audience's throat. Check out the temptations of male competitiveness and maybe not always win. It's a sweet color, but it's so deliciously handled to avoid the deterioration of fun features. <br /> <br /> The tramp can be joyful but deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the better late slashers. The killer looks great in spooky army fatigues and white valentine-style designs and attempts at originality just about work. It may miss the gore, which enjoys the most sincere horror fans, but it has enough in terms of tension and creativity to guarantee at least one observation.
