Fragile Carne, just before his great season. Although sometimes hesitantly controlled and marked by long rumors, HOTEL DU NORD is full of faded charm and beauty typical of French films from the late 1930s, as well as the relative ease of touch unusual with this director. All of his great virtues are here: rigid interiors broken by sliding, intricate, delicate camera movements; melancholy deployment of light and shadow; remarkable, sad series by Alexandra Trauner, which are so encouraging that these people, as the title suggests, are involved in shaping personalities; silent grieving music by Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly occasional conspiracy about the novels, tragedy and fatalism that shatters its characters; an extraordinary performance of some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arlette. In fact, it is the biggest film failure and suddenly I am amazed (as someone who usually, didactically, minimizes its meaning) to admit it is his script. He has a lot of joke and meaning, but without poetry and irony, Carne Jacques Prevert's regular collaborator brought his best films, he can not avoid slipping into the cliché (even if it's a cliché behind the scenes). <br /> <br /> Apparently based in the guest house, the film sets its initial idea of ​​a community with two interconnecting stories about the extinction of love and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. Fateful love scenario is the one that works the least. Annabella is very beautiful, but she is not very good at doing tragic, while Aumont's appeal, brilliantly reasonable though it may be, by its nature harms all real, felt romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to be compassionate with a couple so young, so attractive, who are so desperate after a few months of shooting. Their top lines are rather embarrassing. Of course, this matter is unacceptable - they are symbolic for youth, hope and the possibility of crushing in France, or perhaps France desperate, resigning and waiting for death. For the symbols to really be strong, they must be convinced of the level of narrative that, as I seem, is not entirely here. What rescues this plot is its connection to the story of M. Edmonda, a figure associated with the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we are gradually learning this, it's a hidden killer who lives from a prostitute played by Arletta. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is decisive - he had one set of characters; in his hiding place he took over the opposite. She lives without a goal, is deeply shaken by a lovers' contract and becomes fatal when she realizes she is trying to cheat death. In this way, admitting that man is less human than a collection of signs and that death is an inevitable fact that must be conquered by the most powerful masculinity - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melvin's clinical murderers. With one exception - it gives a brief moment to hope, an illusion that only strengthens - if it is not too unbearable irony - its fatal determination. It could all have been frustrating if it was not really amazing performance by Louis Jouvet. I studied his theatrical work at college, but it was my first taste of his talent on the screen and proved to be worthy of the giants - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving silent nobility to a role which is more a concept it is useless to say, it is also allegorical) than the real person. Edmond begins the film with a small supportive figure, but acts as a tragic hero of some strength. Like all the main heroes, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he's hiding. On a formal level, what Carne stiffens ten years before his thriving techniques of the great Hollywood melodies Sirka, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the smoothness and clear beauty of the current German Sierck melodies (see the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENER), Carne's style really fits into his subject - that he has caught, paralysis, resignation. <br /> <br /> The film principle is the motif of water - credits melt and dissolve, the hotel stands by the waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river, we have a canal, stagnant and human, nowhere. The movie begins to end, and the setting will never change, except for one short interlude, from which both conquests are condemned to return. Characters can only escape by death - their capture is emphasized by the narrow rooms they inhabit, the walls and the frames that hold them in captivity, the windows that look for leaks they never reach. Any hope at the end is therefore profound if it is romantically threatened.
