After Garbo's introduction to the sound in Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder created a German version of the film where all the cast except Garbo were different. While the US version is still available in the US and most American viewers saw this version primarily, Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be perceived in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel right to compare two closely related productions. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis I would first focus on what the two films have in common. They have the same files, very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here is also a story about a young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and tries to start a new life. There's also a humorous, though a little shorter sequence, in the theme park. However, when I emphasize Garbo myself, I address the first difference. It does not seem to be such a curiosity when speaking. The audience focuses on her acting rather than on the way she speaks, which is probably the case with the 1931 audience. Garbo was very good in American film and he is also very good here. Still, it seems to me that it is even more true in the German version. It is obvious that Garbo does not focus on how he says so much (an effort that artificially created a feeling: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not very prominent; yet no one cares - everything is perfectly understandable. That's why I can easily say the same thing I did in my American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> The film differs on one very important problem: the rest of the cast. Here comes the question: what portrait looks more compelling, which one is more confident? Differences are filled by varieties. Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), a lifelong friend of Garbo, does not do the same work as Marie Dressler in the role of Martha Owens. She is not bad, it is different, sometimes overcomes (from today's point of view), but she is no longer the role of Marie Dressler, who still enjoys us and whose moments have absolutely become a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better in the movie than Garbo, and that this view, though it seems to be controversial, is somehow right. Theo Shall is much more sympathetic than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when it comes to it, it's not a question of performance just like the depth of appearance. Who's in the German "Anna Christie" who really cares to pay attention to Hansa Junkermann as Chris Chrisopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a day's difference at night. Junkermann portrays real alcohol, a man of hope, a fear that exaggerates the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first encounter with her father is really spectacular, the initial moment of Chris's conversation with Martha is unforgettable, especially due to facial expressions and flawless performances. Junkermann is Chris, whom you like, with whom you sometimes laugh with whom you have been judged, and leaves in your mind the image of a quiet alcoholic sailor. Great! <br /> <br /> If you saw the American "Anna Christie" and you have a chance to get a German version, I would recommend this movie because it's a slightly different view of the story, a nice and accurate way to compare, a fine enrichment of Clarence Brown and, above all, a great chance to discover amazing performance: Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
