He shot MGM in the same ensembles as in English, but Garbo's second portrait of "Anna Christie" in German and Garbo's gained from the practice and apparently easy German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and more natural under the direction of Jacques Feyder than under Clarence Brown, and her silent movie manners have completely vanished, which made the transition to sound complete. The strength that the character has brought remains here, even though it has softened, and Garbo reveals Anna's more vulnerability. All cast, except for Garbo, differs from the previous version of the film and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who has stolen every scene in which she was in English. Feyder's film has Garbo's attention all the time, although the three supporting players, especially the father, have done great performances. Feyder's lead was much safer than Clarence Brown, and his use of camera and editing techniques did not seem to be limited by a new sound process, just like Brown's. The film moves much smoother than the adaptation of the English language, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a flow that keeps the audience interested. Even cinematography William Daniels seems to be better than the Brown version. Garbo captured the luminescence and atmosphere of docks in style. Also, the adaptation of the screenplay for the European audience made Anna's career quite clear from the start, explaining to those who did not know about the game, just about what was filmed in Brown's filming. However, the film was made before the production code was introduced that made censorship mysterious. Garbo Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" was always somewhat mysterious, and I suspected that the nod was given more recognition of her rather smooth transition to sound films than her performance. However, some of the academic voters may have seen the German version of the film and realized, as well as current viewers, that her "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely a good Oscar.
