The most popular success of Ching Siu Tung's master is this series, a Chinese story about the spirit of 1-3. Chinese story about star stars Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend the night during his "collector's trip" in a mysterious castle where some strange old warriors fight and meet him. Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the spirit who lives in this castle and is under the domination of one mighty demon, a wooden devil who, with the help of her beautiful ghosts, collects human souls. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although spirits are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break this rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the wooden devil thinks, and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness. This film is a spell no less full than other movies by Ching Siu Tunga. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which have incredible visual and kinetic powers in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and a dark atmosphere that is enlightened by the strong presence of a beautiful and good-hearted spirit. The effects are simply breathtaking and will work with the greatest force on the big screen. The camera is still moving and twisting and adding to the fairy-tale atmosphere of this movie. There are plenty of wires, and even if some think they are and look stupid or stupid when they're used in movies, I do not agree and I do not think they give movies a kind of spell, freedom, and creativity that no other instrument would give. When people fly in these films, it means that movies are not just about our world, and they usually show things bigger than life with the power of this artistic form larger than life. The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are too shallow and act inexplicably occasionally. Leslie and Joey should be written with more caution and their characters should be warmer, deeper and truer to get the story stronger, making the film a more remarkable and more important achievement. Also, the message of love and power is underlined too little at one point and should be left to the viewer only to be interpreted and found. Another negative point about this dialogue is that it's too much and people are talking in this movie for no reason. This is very irritating and unfortunately shows the errors most writers tend to do when writing their movies. People just talk and talk and it's all just to make it as simple as possible, so the film is not too demanding or credible because it has this free element. Just think about the films of Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitana; his films have very little dialogue and everything is all that is necessary when he tells his stuff with other cinematic instruments and never speaks, or makes other characters that too much in his films speaks. That's just a talent that writers should have to write bigger scenarios. Otherwise, the Chinese story about the spirit is very beautiful and visually breathing with a piece of Eastern cinematography, and also the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and hopefully it won some awards in the Hong Kong film awards at the time. I give the story of Chinese Spirit 7/10 and without the above mentioned shortcomings it would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of fantasy genre.
