Once in a while there is a movie that creates a bar for every other film of your genre. The film of this caliber will affect many movies after its release in the years to come. This category includes the "Chinese Story of the Spirit". It is probably one of the best horror films created in the 1980s; maybe one of the best he ever was. The filmmakers have created a movie that appeals to every fan of horror. The story is breathtaking and original. The villains are scary and scary. The sets are scary and atmospheric. It's even a little blood and gore to satisfy the smoky fan of the house. But do not let the horror label frighten you unless you're a fan of this genre. This movie fits easily into many different categories. The screenwriter has meaningfully blended drama, comedy, horror, kung fu and romantic genres into delicious deluxe cinematic pizzas. The "Chinese Story of the Spirit" is a beautiful epic love story that fortunately revealed the naked nudity and / or explicit sex scenes that have destroyed many Hollywood "love stories". Those who are devoted to the romantic elements of the story can settle and indulge in the fast pace of the sword and the "wire-fu". If that's not enough, actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma provide amazingly funny situations to satisfy your taste for comedy. This film offers something for every fan of the film. Director Siu-Tung Ching and producer Tsui Hark gathered a truly amazing cast for this film. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not just a talented actor but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian. I can not imagine an artist other than Cheung, who could better Ling Choi Sin better (except Chow Yun Fat). Joey Wang is charming as Lit Su Seen, enslaved by a spirit who stole the heart of Cheung's character. Her portrait of the head is really scary and unforgettable. Wu Ma is cheerful as a fearless Taoist who helps young lovers. At the technical level, this film is very impressive, even today's standards. The direction is excellent. I wish today's Hollywood managers look for talented artists like Siu-Tung Ching, rather than the usual MTV video or Pepsi's "directors." Cinematography is wonderful. You must praise any cameraman who can make the film look good when most of his flagship scenes take place at night. A special make-up effect is top-notch. In fact, most of the effects of the creature in this movie blow away dirty CGI ghouls and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films. Since its release, "The Chinese Story of the Spirit" has become a two-time sequel, a feature-length animated film and countless imitations. None of the films that followed or copied him, however, captured the magic of this classic. This movie is required for viewing every horror fan or just for anyone looking for a great way to spend 95 minutes of their time. 10 out of 10. <br /> <br />
