In 1987, Hong Kong gave films such as Samow Hung "Chow Yun Fat's Ghostly Encounter" in John Woo's "A Better Tomorrow," "Zu Warriors," and the classic "Mr Vampire." Jackie Chan gained international success in the video, but with the story of "The Chinese Story of the Ghost" that HK's cinema had its first true cross-theater hit in the West for many years. Western filmmakers have never seen anything like loving. It was a film in which films were used for years (flying swordsman, wild choreography of martial arts and supernatural) and created a film that was unique in its appearance, feel and execution. Forget the poor and unnecessary sequel that has happened, it's the original and the best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (also best known as Woo's' A Better Tomorrow 2 'The Killer'), under the watchful eye of legendary Producer Tsui Hark, created the masterpiece of Fantasy / Horror Cinema. And with such a professional crew as he has at his disposal (at least 6 martial arts coordinators), the chance that the film will be anything but wonderful would be unthinkable. Editing amazingly productive David Wu (who wrote / Director Bride with White Hair 2 and edited classic titles such as 'A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3', 'Hardboiled' and the 'The Club') is simply a piece of genius. His perfect choreography of high flying, tree climbing combat swords makes some of the best cinemas in HK he has ever created. Fast moving, unusual but never confused, are even today the pinnacle of their art. The crew of the cameramen also did miracles. This is a movie where each picture is a professionally created picture. Where the amazing night-time sequences with a blue touch, shrouded in still scary fogs, are a breathtaking platform to develop our story. It's a movie in which everything is used to binding a dream. Even the silk dresses and dresses worn by Hsiao Tsing become live parts of the film, whether in romantic sequences or in combat scenes that are showing on the screen with ever-present silk. Even the simple scene in which Hsiao Tsing turns into a robes turns into a thing of beating beauty, because every skill in the set consists of creating the most memorable scene from such a simple act. The sets are also amazing, they give another worldly sense of forests and the temple and the hardness of the burnt, flag full of waste of hell for the amazing finale. Production design from Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise. Another important factor in the success of the film is the music of Romeo Diaz and James Wong. Hong Kong movies have provided some fantastic music and songs that have added so much to the success of the sequel, but the "Chinese Ghost Story" is simply very important music. From the initial song, music becomes as important as characters. <br /> <br /> Score is the perfect blend of modern and traditional tools. Drums, bells and guitars are wandering over action sequences with great effect, but it is in slower, painstakingly romantic pieces that come into their own. Here; flutes, strings and female choir effects create what are perhaps the finest music heard in HK. Add a female vocal, amazingly beautiful song that plays Tsau-shen and Hsiao Tsing (nothing is ever seen, but the effect is wonderful, it is a lovingly innocent film novel) and you have a glowing example of the strength of the film's music. <br /> <br /> And of course we have an actor talent. Leslie Cheung ("A Better Tomorrow 1 & 2" and a very popular singer) is great as an innocent tax collector. His work in comic sequences (gratefully gentle) is never above the top, and his scenes with Joey Wang are played with just the right amount of passion and innocence. Joey Wang (who would later be predominantly cast to support roles in films such as Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau, the classic "God of Gamblers") never looked more jealous than what he was doing here. It is an example of ethereal beauty. Her portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsing is amazing. Her characters show sadness in what has happened and what is being done, but it also emits gentle eroticism in scenes where it attracts men to their terrible deaths. Veteran actor Wu Ma ("Mr. Vampire", "Swordsman") is great fun as a wise, daring, but sometimes so grumpy, just. It runs through a fine line between eccentric and unpleasant, with practical ease. And so easily a character who could hurt a movie is really amazingly fun and unforgettable. But what about monsters and beasties? I heard cry. So they move from a somewhat crude but fun stop to the movement / zombie animatronics that inhabits the temple (which leads to a great jump with the constantly frustrated attempts to pile on the entertainingly unsuspecting Tsau-shena), to the rather gullible but surprisingly effective Lord Black. Complete with an arsenal of evil flying heads, and quite a superb wire work. Most of them did not fall today. <br /> <br /> But the most striking effect and creation is the murderous language of the tree. First of all, we will meet the "Evil Dead" style, which rushes the camera effect, because it reduces the victims of the throat and delivers a deadly French kiss that brings the victims to the zombie weeds. But later, it manifests itself in all its crazy fame. It can grow so long and long that it shoots the forest for prey, divides trees, encircles the buildings and coils, it is a slimy length around the people before it rises and throws them against tree trunks! It can even split up and reveal your full mouth! It's a nasty idea that because of the deeply romantic main conspiracy it should not work. But it is a fantastic and unforgettable effect. So what it adds to is a classic example of making movies in Hong Kong. Great team effort that gave us a really nice movie. It is a movie full of joke, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, spirits, fantastic ideas, fresh visuals, beautiful music, and the most important thing is permanent charm, one of the cinemas in the most moving novels.
