I saw this movie in childhood. And after 10 years I did not remember anything about this movie, but I found out that I also do not know how I could find this movie. It's my life. My favourite movie. My words will not have the real meaning of what I have inside for this movie. I watch this movie. It's a great mix of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, eroticism, scary and martial arts. The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm. It is the masterpiece of the Hong Kong cinema. Sinnui Yauman is undoubtedly one of the best stories about the spirit ever shot in the film. Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching, the Chinese story Ghost has everything. Ling Choi Sin played Leslie Cheung is a young man on his luck who is looking for a monastery for accommodation, deep in the woods, instead of the villagers looking very afraid of coming. The trek itself is dangerous with wolves and the crazy Taoist monk lives in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing, a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives near a deserted temple. She is forced to seduce a man for her evil mistress, but when she meets the innocent Ling Choi Sin, they fall in love. Ling Choi Sin is a bit crazy fool but his heart is in the right place while Tsing tries to protect him from the other ghosts in the woods trying to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirit in the woods. There is a great martial art, even a monk who crumbles into a drunken song when performing a ritual taoist sword. The film makes a lot of traditional old war films of acrobatics, with magic and flying through the air, jumping from tree to tree with elegant long dresses and scarves, but the film really flows and everything is effective. <br /> <Tsing is marrying a bad tree monster that can not be good and we feel her misfortune in her house where we meet her sister and stepmother who is not really pretty. the end has to fight a tree-witch with a deadly tongue and go with Yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a millennia of evil to save the souls and bring Ling's ashes back to his home for a proper funeral to have the chance of reincarnation. <br /> <br /> A beautiful story that really pays attention to detail. One is touched many times by this way, you laugh, cry and have fun with great martial arts and cinema. And while the end, Yin and Ling Choi Sin go into the morning sun under the enchanting rainbow, we never know if Tsing could be reincarnated, but we know her.
