Joan Fontaine is totally convincing as an amoral beauty that is totally incapable of feeling love for someone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all of her money through a combination of her craziness and extravagance and is limited to living in a small room with little or no prospects. They continue to store the most amazing clothes and go out and socially meet as if nothing has happened. He is a charming, ruthless, but very friendly person. However, Fontaine decides he has to go because he has survived his usefulness. So he decides to poison him when he realizes he does not want to divorce her so she can go on. Meanwhile, she had a mistress (Patrick Knowles), whom she decided to drop because she was not rich. He meets an aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the adornments and more money than even Fontaine has managed to find out how to spend. He is heading for him and decides to do well. He is too eager for the young beauty to eat him. It's definitely not very exciting, and it has so many sexual attractions as the omelet yesterday. But Fontaine is one of the golden ones whose eyes are just for the money and the man stands between them and is transparent, so he does not even notice or care what he looks, he looks over him and sees what he really wants and goes for it. She continues to poison her husband, and sends it very neatly and satisfactorily, so everything works well. But as always happens in movies and sometimes in life, some unexpected things start to err, and tensions are increasing, so Fontaine begins to swim. Fontaine is especially good when looking for the bad and scared and as the network starts to close it, her growing sense of despair is tangible and has us on the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over from cold calculation and cuddling. But she finds a fallen guy for her crime in the face of her dishonest lover who is innocent of her plan to build it. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the husband's death was unlucky. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays a starch-controlled inspector in Scotland, thinks there may be something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspect he's Fontaine. It closes to her and some of the scenes that have happened are inspired by the wildest panic. But will the life of an innocent man be saved before he is executed? Does Fontaine look like this? Will Herbert Marshall protect her from protecting her love? This film is professionally directed by Sam Wood and the movie is a really great suspense thriller that I think is very well suited to the description of the excellent film noir.
