I've just seen this great and good parody Night of the Living Dead and I have to say it's so terrible and so bad that it was great. This film included all the shots and sceneries that had the original, including the cemetery, the anticipated abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I especially love is a comic use of bread, and all ordinary domestic enemies of bread have anger against it. We know that howitzer, hot furnaces, and zip fasteners made bread about a dozen times, and now we have to call for help to beat the reopened bread. In addition to short acting and vocal breakthroughs, this short horror film is my personal favorite parody Night of the Living Dead, even better than the Night of the Dead of 1990. I think what makes the films that are worth seeing is how writers and the directors used all the dialogue from the original film and turned it around bread, including how the bread was restored and avoiding the remnants because they are particularly dangerous. Another big reason why I love this movie is that there is no exception as to what bread is evil, bagels are bad, and even communities are evil, which is demonstrated by the cheerful scene associated with the reporter and somewhat monotonous priest. I think the actors are especially humorous when they do they are viscotically attacked by slices of bread (that's a car scene). I think the end is worth it. <br /> <br /> While it's short and that "Night of the Dawn of the Dawn of the Bride's Son Return of the Terror Revenge Attack of Evil, Mutant, Alien, Meat Eat, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D" is debatably another great parody, it's still recommended as a great parody of horror does what seem to be college makers. I highly recommend this film to anyone who can entertain the Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for filmmakers. I would recommend this film to everyone who loves D-movies and horror parody, it's just a wonderful little short horror movie that's fun to watch and learn.
