Sea Watching is an interesting film experience. First, the overall feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each shot looked like a photograph of something inside, something very focused and not part of a bigger picture. It was obvious what we should look at in each picture. The physical characteristics of the ensemble itself contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road split the road in half, and the small gate into a small settlement, followed by tiny and little tiny holes that served as a device that made what looked like the whole city. Even the view of the ocean was bordered by a small landing space on which you can count on a number of long grasses rocking in the wind. No panoramic views. In fact, it reminded me of the succession of Moulin Rouge in Montmartre, where the camera focuses deeply on the windmill, which again creates a feeling of little space where everything is happening. Although acting was acceptable because I could not really tell how the lines were actually delivered, I felt the action was too melodramatic and pointless. Why would Kikuno continue on the way when he did when Fusanosuke announced that his approaching marriage did not really seem to be true? people did not change so much, and the character of Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy at O-shin's business, nothing seemed to be of a nature to be unnecessary and disturbing. Another example of a special deal was when a drunk friend Kikuno appeared and Ryosuke decided to hit and was pushed down the stairs as he stood up and threateningly stepped out of the stairs, and the subsequent fight between the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. Was not it like fighting scenes? have contraction ?? but it looked a little nice and again, too dramatic. Otherwise, although it was not a beautiful film to watch, it gave an interesting look to the darker side of prostitution (unlike the geisha). Unfortunately, we may have managed to meet our pupils' expectations ("honey, I will tell you" comments supported by overly fragmented events), and seriously made me doubt whether really 19th-century prostitutes really acted in this way. But as soon as they appeared in the house, the inner work became the most interesting, livelier and realistic and provided a screenplay I never imagined in the past in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century.
