"Umi wa miteita" is a film by Akira Kurasawa, whose adaptation to the story of Shugo Yamamoto's novel in the script he was planning to shoot was his last mark left in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to Kurosaw and Yamamoto for presenting this visually amazing word-to-image transformation. Built in Japan in the 19th century, the story explores the lives of women in the Geisha House, whose only purpose in life is to make money with adorable men. The house is run by an older couple who is kind and geishas are a charming group of women who know their business and are proud of their careers. Each of them has reason to turn to the life of the geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and evil customers who have managed to keep her stories about her higher caste. Oshin confronts the threatened samurai, falls in love with a gentle fellow just to find out that he can not marry caste and leave his pleasure with Oshin to marry his promised betrothed. Oshin's heart is easy to squeeze, but is always supported emotionally and physically by Kikuno and other geishas. Pretty Samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops her first trusted and devoted relationship. Kikuno faces problems, decides whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry him and cope with a rich but abusive customer. All the time he watches the sea and as a typhoon destroys the geisha and the street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof and wait for the promised rescue of Ryosuke. The way the story ends is a sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea is looking and will seek protection for true love. Taking pictures from Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with glowing lanterns and gorgeous Georgian interiors are associated with recurring sea shocks, both peaceful and turbulent. The actor is a bit tense for Edo's art, but the characters are well-created and keep the story credible. The only scatter that is definitely not something Kurosawa has refused is a scary Western music score that sounds like cheap soap, except for the unique moments when true Japanese music loves the track on authentic instruments. But ultimately, Kurosawa's influence is enough to fill the film with his dream mark, which will always preserve its importance for world cinema. Grady Harp
