Oh, yes, a stellar blockbuster. Take that concept, put it in the script, and load it with every special effect that the wizards of Hollyweir can conjure up and then round off the usual suspects: hot up-and-a-comers, has-beens wanting to be and never determined, and hold they are all in rolls of different sizes in front of the unmistakable eye of cameras. And they hope that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. Let the box office bishops finally use the concept of horror movies, as in the case of the post-EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz has decided to conjure up the scenario "ROSEMARY'S BABY," which appeared at Ira Levin, about the ghostly (and eventually Satanic) neighbors in New York. The result was a controversial bestseller, some of whom claimed to be bordering on a plagiarist and an equally controversial high-depth vehicle star that was written and directed by Michael Winner of DEATH WISH but for many turbulently different reasons. > <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays the successful model of Alison Parker, which is overwhelmingly exaggerated and crowded (I do not add "overpayment".) I think it is a model, so it would be superfluous), not only thanks to her (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic LIPSTICK SOB.IG movie), but also to her urgent friend, Michael. One way to decide to try to get away from it all is to move to your own place; Big, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan, which he managed to get dirty cheap (it should be a BIG red flag - a cheap real estate in New York!), from mysteriously friendly broker Miss Logan (veterinarian Ava Gardner, fresh from the storm escape in EARTHQUAKE. br /> <br /> Things seem first and foremost good, but ah, yes ... then sounds and buzzes loudly from the apartment on the floor at night, and what strange neighbors like Gerd (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (very soon Beverly D'Angelo), dear "single friends" (reading: lesbians) living together and kindly old Mr. Charles Chazen (pretty scary Burgess Meredith), who seems to be a little too concerned about Alison's well-being, and I'm not talking about other varied squirrels you will not hear the phrase "Black and white cat, black and white cake" again without wanting to laugh milk through your nose and maybe vomit at the same time.) Especially an old blind priest living in a penthouse ... Things really u will start to go down when the apparent nightmare of Alison's morphs into a terrible murder (in one of the films the most underwear scare scare), both Alison and Michael, with some help from Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to make a riddle , which reveals the dark origins of the brown people, as well as the murderous agenda of their other secular peoples, without mentioning Alison's connection with them, which has turned out to be something else but by chance. Although not too contradictory about crowded cast that looks like every actor of different genres is looking for work at the time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even the early performance of Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Winner and the company returned to the bombastic foundation and pulled out "Tod Browning" ... by getting really physically challenged actors to appear in the top and ever-accessible SENTINEL sequence I think a ballsy director would do when he found he had no access to Linda Blair and the case of green pea soup. He will certainly leave you with the Arctic fingers playing your spinal cord as a citera, and they know it's such a juicy little tidbit of information as you look. And this is the technique the developers have begun to return to the recent lifetime: lively make-up and special effects that do not include CGI (which was not at all at all) <br /> <br /> SENTINEL has that cheesy cheese factor of the late seventies , but can be distinguished from time to time by a few breathing moments like the one mentioned above, not to mention that it is a scary feeling of fear, of playing, of isolation, and of things that become stormy at night. After all, what kind of living man in the big city did not lie in bed in the dark, listening carefully to the sounds of what they hoped the "building settled down?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed SENTINEL with the inevitable sequel, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with William Friedkin's supernatural thriller thriller), which has never been adapted to the screen. = Upright Relief =
