Bellocchio describes it as a mostly political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but it seems to be more metaphor than reality. Well, almost everything in the movie looks like a metaphor. Revolutionaries we see and about which we learn very little could also be mafias. It looks like old and new. Andrea is Papa, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand behind traditional bourgeois values ​​- morally upright, invertebrate, clean and tidy, thoroughly ceremonial. > <br /> It seems that Giullia, a revolutionary girlfriend, is what can happen to someone who needs a very bad reason to support but is not able to assemble the kind of commitment that such a commitment requires. (I'm guessing.) Andrea, a teenage boy, seems to be the only person in a movie that is not in some vague way of getting up. He has respect for his father, but also disobedient. He loves Giulia, or, as we suppose, he is not old enough to learn how to best manage his reflection, but leaves her to learn at school and finish his final exam. Its course between these opposing ways of life can be termed "the media". He is a man among those who know the meaning of gradualism that can keep him cool while they scream about him. Most of this is summed up during the oral part of his final, when asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from "Antigone", which contrasts with the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will. This brings us - according to no particular course that I am conscious - Maruka Detmars. She remembered the new drawing from New York some years ago. Two hippos are in the river deep in the neck, gazing at the gazelle drinking from the shore, and one hippo tells the other: "I hate her." She's a good actress. (Let me get out of the way.) But everyone else in the movie. He carries with her, in her speech and way, a rich shimmer of direct boredom. And all this comes from the actress, not the director's help. Detmars is not ugly as Catherine DeNeuve was ugly in "forgiveness." The walls do not turn to the gum and they leave their hands. Instead we see her animated - sometimes TOO animated. And she gives us shocking shocks when her mood suddenly changes and threatens to threaten the dreadful storm. The critic described it as sad, but it probably is not the word he was looking for. She is stunningly beautiful with fluffy brown hair, a wide white ready-made smile and impulsive giggle. And her eyes are like eyes in the paintings on the walls of the ancient Egyptian tombs. The sexy parts are pretty erotic, not because one of them is explicit, but because we met the characters. (It's more interesting to spy on a honeymoon next to each other than go on the skin.) It's really not that kind of sex. There is only one scene of simulated sex, but the director lets it play in real time. At least in real time for an eighteen-year-old boy. The young man who plays Andrea is also fine, which is a necessary thing because the film depends almost on him and Giulia. They have to carry it and they do it. If it was not their show, I'm not sure it would be as interesting or as amazing. It could easily change to a rather slow, boring novel. <br /> <br /> It's worth it.
