This is one of my favorite horror movies. It's a rich and elegant production that boasts excellent actors, beautiful cinematography on the spot, horrible musical score, intelligent and romantic plot theme, and the atmosphere of fear and threats. This is reminiscent of classical movies such as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, where young, vulnerable women found themselves in the luxury of old, scary buildings with a macabre past. Here CRISTINA RAINES plays the top New York City model called Alison Parker. Her happy, abstracted exterior masks a deeply confusing and restless soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that she had attempted suicide twice in the past - once as a teenage girl after she entered her devious father who had said goodbye to two women in bed and let him pull the silver crucifix from his throat and throw him on the floor and the second time after the spouse's wife had committed suicide since she learned about her affair. She told her she was beautiful CHRIS SARANDON that she needed to live alone for a year or so, responding to a newspaper advertisement for a fully furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in the old Brownstone Brooklyn Heights. This building actually exists and is located on the 10 Montague Terrace right next to Brooklyn Heights Promenade at Remsen Street. The producers were actually shooting inside the building and its apartments, of course, paying residents for their inconvenience. Real Estate Agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to have a great interest in Alison taking her apartment - an interest that can not be explained solely by a commission of 6% she would get. Especially when it quickly cuts rent from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees, and when she leaves the house with Mrs. Logan, she notices the old man who sits and looks at her from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? And what is it looking at?" After relocating, Alison will meet some other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple starring SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who give Alison an inconvenient welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being will soon get worse and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting. When she brings her concern to Miss Logan that her night's sleep is disturbed by her disruption of the metallic and loud footsteps that come from the apartment directly above her, she is simply reassuring to learn that besides the blind priest and now herself, nobody lived in this building for the past three years. One evening, she had the courage to stand against the nightmare's mistress, leaning on a butcher's knife and a lantern, and entering the apartment above. She is confronted with the cancer-causing ghost of her dead father and uses a knife on herself in self-defense when she comes after her. The police are investigating and there are no signs of violence in that apartment - no corpse, no blood, no. Still, Alison escaped from the building and collapsed in the street, covered with blood-its own, as it turned out. But there is a mark on her. What Alison does not realize until the movie's revelation is that her presence in that brown stone has its purpose. She was put there for some reason - a reason that dates from the biblical story of Eden Gardens and the angel Uriel, who was placed at his entrance to guard him from the devil. She is unknowingly prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church to take on the most important role to ensure that her soul, who is damned for her two attempts at suicide, can be saved. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors, who prove to be more than just unpredictable oddballs, have a different program for it. It is a competent and intelligently finished film that surprisingly depicts the Church and its representative in most sympathetic light.
