I'm not sure why this little movie was thrown into the unknown, as though some rather stupid steps; Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror film that gives most of today's highly praised stories of spirit more than their money runs. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and this film has shone many times; but it has to be said that the film works despite being a non-inspiring direction and the fact that Winner somehow managed to simply round off the amazing cast of talent rather than spend it. The plot is rich in secrets and begins with a focus on Alison Parker and her hunt for the apartment. She finds she can not afford most of the property she's looking at, but she thinks her happiness has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems begin soon after her arrival because she does not like her neighbors ... and this problem grows when the broker tells her she has only one neighbor; an older blind top priest ... The list of actors is really gorgeous, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines heading into a major supporting role. Chris Sarandon is a bit wooden in his role opposite Raines, but small parts like John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum, and Christopher Walken just name a handful of more than to compensate for Sarandon's unconscious display. Michael Winner has a good job in its central location because the apartment house provides a scary and macabre story. The film is a slow start, but it's never boring; and the script of Michael Winner provides a surprise that is almost impossible to predict offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar horrors, this is not about the money that came early - but unlike many, the end is a climax, for Winner goes everywhere to shock the viewer, and if the reputation of using real human traits is true; I have to say he's doing a very good job! Overall, while this movie can be pure hokum any way you look at it; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind and is the decisive highlight for his director.
