Michael Winner's director / writer is a better-than-expected supernatural horror film (even if it is still effectively assured), which really goes unnoticed. She could, of course, borrow ideas from similar similar horror films of this period, yet she can bring her own psychological reprint to glass material (good against evil) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressively expansive, rather somewhat exploitative sets. Overall, this is striking, but it remains interesting by inhaling a sinister fee without gang-busters with threats. In fact, there's something going on between his busy place, but it's rather down - playing with soot-driven patterns and atmospheric stitching, until his vivid repellent and cruel climax with a slight revelation. The winner-dressed craft industry may feel like a pedestrian, but is it a cast occupation that really holds together? how you try to get to know the faces. There is also plenty. Some have more to do with the system of things than others, but they doubt each of them is done, although it is extremely rough in nature. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (who is significantly scary!), Beverly D'Angelo (like), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (Neat Stone), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger. Then you got the mild husbands of Chris Sarandon and the playfully beautiful Cristina Raines. It offers support for José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradin, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script fits around many characters, as well as concepts, but gets inconsistently diverted by trying to pull it all in. However, it is disorienting aviation work to its advantage in detecting suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there a reason for everything and why is Raines' character? Emphasis is placed on the moody angle that begins to slowly radiate the light of their inner walks, about the special / disturbing experience they encounter when moving to their new apartment. This is where Winner tries to pull out extraordinary shades that show some ice moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the spectacular, strong orchestral score you will never miss, and Richard C. Kratin creates an extensive, spatial photo.
