This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from poor production and sloppy, amateur direction, but it is strangely convincing. Unlike shocking horrors such as The Exorcist, this movie brings the viewer to a slow but relentless immersion in the pool of evil. It penetrates the horror that will appear to the audience with the same retardation as it appears to a poor girl who was unconsciously chosen as the next guard. Its intended task is to sit at the gate of hell and prevent evil from breaking into the world. It falls for reconciliation for her suicide attempt earlier in her life. The story is true for a book that was a rivet, but the way it is edited can lose the viewer. The conspiracy is softness, which is thrown out and has never been satisfactorily explained, which hurts this film. It is a pity. Sentinel is not a piece of eyepiece for you; it's more unpleasant watching and blurring. Just like a bad car wreck, it's an urge to look even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not bad and still has the ability to shock. Cast was competent. Christina Raines was fascinated as Alison, a vulnerable girl under the spiritual attack on both sides, pawning in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her caring, but ultimately selfish friend. Eli Wallach and very young Christopher Walken are detectives who are trying to find out the bizarre puzzle they have received. Ava Gardner is elegant because the real estate agent is unaware of the horrors lurking in her rental. Elder John Carradine, with arms twisted by arthritis, is excellent as a dying guard who must be replaced. The devil plays the charming perfection of Burgess Meredith; he is so kind and yet so bad. In this movie, hidden future stars are: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully against the type as a jerk TV director. Cursed souls at the end are plotted by current crazy parties. Who thought it was a twisted but brilliant genius. The horror that penetrates the film is unexpectedly beating, like when Alison opens the door and finds something that raises a memory when she finds her father and her two girls. She recovers her first suicide attempt, faces a couple of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees how the cat is chopped like a cake. Again and again he stretched back and forth through reality and fantasy, through dreams and waking nightmares that lacked the means to master all the time. In fact, the devil tries to put her in madness to kill her until she gets another guard. Success ...? In summary, a slowly moving, yet indescribably scary, well-acting, but poorly guided, and very typical 70th horror film before the real shocking ones were lost. (No verbs not specified) This movie may not work for those who have a short attention, but can still send chills to the spine, yet they can provide some value with a low key shock. It becomes a strangely impressive and fun immersion in the realm of evil.
