Michael Winner is probably best known for his film films as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land," but he is just as gifted as the director of the Occult Horror Film, as evidenced by The Sentinel in 1977. "Sentinel," based on John Konvieve's novel , who also wrote a screenplay, is a smart and extremely scary religious chiller that no lover of the occult Horror should consider. The film is clearly inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby," "Exorcist," or "The Omen," but as far as I am concerned, it is as easily disturbing as these most famous films and probably even creepier. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model of New York. Traumatized by events in her past, who is not yet willing to marry her legal friend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for a flat and finds a great, incredibly nice one that is also affordable at its old Brooklyn residence. The new apartment, however, comes along with a lot of very special tenants. And the ominous new neighbors will soon become a bit annoying to Alico ... This does not have to be an adequate conspiracy synopsis, but I hate to spoil all the great moments of this film, so I will not give any further description of the plot. But what I'm saying is that "The Sentinel" is a very horrifying and effective film that benefits from a big cast as well as a bizarre and always strange atmosphere. The fact that even directors Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz acted as producers here definitely influenced the outcome. The film is strikingly photographed and the scary old Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic place for this kind of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is dark and spooky, and the film also includes several shock moments and true horrors. The film has many ominous and eccentric characters and the actor is excellent. Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, dear, but still loses her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her friend, a successful lawyer and supporting cast includes many great names such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before it becomes truly famous. Cast includes stars such as Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and my personal favorite of great Eli Wallach as a cynical killer detective. For a long time, I have been a great fan of director Michael Winner, especially for films such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "Sentinel" is another great film in Winner's repertoire, as well as proof that this man is not just the master of the heavily boiled afternoon cinema but also the atmospheric occult Horror. Overall, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent and incredibly bizarre occult heatsink that is highly recommended to all horror fans!
