NYC model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) rents her room in Old Brownstone where she meets several bizarre neighbors and experiences some spooky hallucinations. As a friend of lawyer, Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) is concerned about trying to preserve her mental health (not to mention her will to live) because her experience chooses her physical, mental and emotional health. /> <br /> I do not want to spoil better moments in this psychological horror for those who are not familiar with it. The story is interesting and fun, but the film does not really offer much in terms of real horror. Or, in that case, some kind of atmosphere. It's a bit ominous ominous, but it's not like a traditional horror movie. It is rather a story about the woman trying to deal with the growing dexterity in her life. It works at this level, but it is not strong enough. What "Sentinel" * offers * are some eye-catching settings (especially the fascinating, wonderfully horrific peak, and there is a scene with Beverly D'Angelo that must be seen to be believed). There is also some gore to be seen, but not much. To this threat is added the terrible music score Gil Melle. No review of this film would be complete without the filmmakers evaluating the gathering of such outstanding actors for casting their ensemble. Some of them do not have much, but seeing them all together is impressive. Eli Wallach and Burgess Meredith make the biggest impression, like a hardcore detective and an intimate neighbor. Other legendary names include Jose Ferrer, Arthur Kennedy and Ava Gardner. Future stars such as D'Angelo, Christopher Walken, Tom Berenger, Jeff Goldblum make a short appearance, and other well known faces include Jerry Orbach, Sylvia Miles, William Hickey and Martin Balsam. Anyone who was the director of this film deserves a prize. Written by director Michael Winner, probably best known for the series "Death Wish", which he made with Charles Bronson. novel Jeffrey Konvitz. <br /> <br /> I do not think it's a really great horror thriller, but it has moments and is reasonably fun. <br /> <br /> 7/10
