Sigh?? I sincerely wonder why all the acclaimed and allegedly deep film critics have such anger against director Michael Winner? Surely he is not an avatars of softness because his films are practically always cumbersome and confrontational, but what? They are amazingly fun. His best-known action films, such as the first three credits in the series "Death Wish," are easy targets that could throw down because they purportedly celebrate the violence and personal use of shotguns, but even if Winner gets a much more advanced cinema genre? such as the religious horror "The Sentinel"? has no chance at any of the critics. "Sentinel" sparked a controversy and angered several people after his release, leaked by Michael Winner's occupying disfigured and disabled people to portray creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and the ground. Quite exactly the same token caused by Todd Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror movie theater "Freaks" to remain forbidden and invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because some of the pardon and easily offended people who do not have to watch the film at first glance claim that it is unethical behavior? I do not suppose that Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people with a gun or forcing them to appear in their movies, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another main reason why critics did not trust the welcoming "The Sentinel" because the Jeffrey Konvitza novel? and so Michael Winner's script? is immensely inferior to other contemporary but much more successful religious thematic horror stories, and to the inexorable perks of critics of horror, more than pure plagiarism. Sentinel, of course, borrows several essential elements from "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist," but we look, the 70th cinema is developing very much in stolen forms and imitating stories of success. When you look at a slightly neoriginal concept and in absolute justice a handful of thoroughly confused and unnecessary parts, "The Sentinel" honestly remains a unique atmospheric, and often distinct, petrifying mountaineering of 70 years with impressive cast occupancy and nightly fashionable imagination "not likely to forget easy. , an exciting model with some untrained mental trauma, moves into a stunning Brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her friend Michael, who has proposed that he be married several times, Alison's physical existence and, in particular, her mental state drastically alter and the ominous apartment seems to be He meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday celebrations for his cats, even though the land claims that she and the blind priest are the only tenants, and he often disappears during his work assignments and has a really scary seeing bastardského and his father the night he tried to commit suicide. He slowly reveals that Alison has been chosen to serve in this apartment building at a higher supernatural purpose, but at the same time it tries to prevent malignant forces. It's really regrettable that promotional tags and even a brief synopsis on the back of the DVD instantly reveal that Alison's brown-haired apartment is the earth's gateway to hell, and she's the one she chose to protect her because the movie script is slowly moving towards this shocking revelation. After almost 75 minutes (and during several sadly long and long sequences), he has the impression that Alison's own mind is playing with tricks and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and its odd behavior is strictly red. Several terrible scenes came close to a genius experience, such as the memory of Alison or her first acquaintance with the priest above. The whole culmination, with the controversial guest performances mentioned above, is a literally confused show of pure terror and simply one of the most unforgettable and nail-biting denouements I have ever witnessed. Cast Michael Winner's rally is profoundly impressive, especially since "The Sentinel" still remains a legitimate horror film, and this genre is not the most popular among the protagonists, but of course you also have to put the interpretation into perspective. With such widespread occupation, it is clear that some of the roles in the movie are a little bit more than a stone. Martin Balsam and John Carradine appear on the screen for just a few minutes. Several others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo, and Tom Berenger) may have attributed much fame to the film, but when released, they were still too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choices for best performances include Burgess Meredith as a mysterious neighbor and Eli Wallach as a satirical police inspector. Relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job of carrying a film, and Chris Sarandon nears her back, though she's a funny mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is an amazingly fun and horrifying horror film and definitely must be seen for true genre fanatics.
