this is the first of two subtle stories of the machine-human conflict in the Matrix world, and it brings it magnificently by combining observation with the fear of a man from an unknown one and being embroiled with politics, extensive religious and historical images, expected portraits of interested parties, and at least partially believable and so the dreadful vision of our near future. it is not perfect, and some points and images are instantly obvious and imaginative, but they have the desired effect and impact and tell a sharp and warning story. This first section sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, predominantly humanoid, to serve people who engage in mass, unskilled employment, work, construction, and so their populations become lazy and derogatory. but one robot rebels and kills his owner, and in his subsequent trial he claims he just did not want to die. he is destroyed, but when the order of mass robots is destroyed to protect humanity, many robots rise to protest, with many human sympathizers next to them. <br /> <br /> Here are exhaustive images of racial riots and abuse, Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust, and the provocative scene of a robot in the form of a human girl who has bothered her, bit her head and then shot dead when she begs " I am real ". they lay upon the ground, and the clothes and the torn skin, and the breasts hanging out. it's an obvious obscene image designed to represent human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on individual activities. But the first part is just like the compressed version of the Robot movie, but it soon develops into a recognizable Matrix report because the surviving robot contingent is expelled and is gathering in the Middle East, the cradle of civilization, as the informant tells us. there the machines are regrouping and they are starting to produce new AIs and produce mass technology and trade with human peoples. we see an ad for a car that uses the hover energy circle engines that rebel ships use in movies, and we see sentinel robots flying around Zero One, the names of their cities. their commodities and commerce cause their economy to grow, which affects other economies, and the government and the authorities are blocking in response to this situation. machines are broadcast by an ambassador in the form of Adam and Eve who resemble the UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade but are forcibly removed and the scene is set to war in the second part. <br /> <br /> Animation is a Studio 4 ° C that works on several Animatrix and is encouraging and visually stimulating to portray various scenes such as picture montages, CCTV shots and exceptional scenes that are characteristic of import and overall are perfectly presented. the conspiracy may not be an original concept and may stem from unique sheep mentalities and conspiracy patterns and resort to provocative material for impact, but after the mysterious mystery of Morpheus's first "undefined brief info-landfill", it's a nice exposure to the catastrophic event that left the world is devastated and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and as a means of many comments and remarks on human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, the topics extended in films.
