It was the first thing that came to my mind when I watched the final credits to Europe on the screen, I never saw a film of such a technical genius in my life, the visual images of Europe are so impressive, the watch will only fade in comparison , forget about your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott, slick Hollywood cinema, Europa has more ethereal beauty than anything these two could conjure up in a million years. Now I would be the first to kill Lars von Trier genius just behind the back of Breaking the Waves and the Dancer in the Dark, but it's stupid, the fact that film professionals have long not seen Europa as a crime against the cinema, while overvalued garbage like Crouching Tiger, dragon and life is beautiful to clean up at academic prices (but what she knows) Europa was hidden, missing from video stores and (until recently) channels. <br /> <br /> The visuals in Europe are not MTV shine; this is not a case of style above the essence, it is rather a matter of material dictate. Like his first crime film, von Trier uses the perspective of the main character to draw us into his world, and like Element, the film begins with the main character (or, in the case of Europa, our audience) being hypnotized. As we move in the footsteps, the voice of the narrator (Max von Sydow) takes us into a deep sleep until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three cameramen to pay for time and frame conventions; there are many scenes in Europe, when a black-and-white background character communicates with a person in the foreground that is colorful, von Trier is trying to show how much For example, it's no surprise that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is colorful because it is the only character to have the supremacy of the movie. <br /> <br /> Performances are good, not necessarily balanced with performances in later von Trier movies, but that's simply because the pictures are sometimes so disturbing that you do not give them a lap at all. But I would like to emphasize the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by two opposing parties until it burns in the final movie. Again, like a man as an element of crime, the film ends with the fact that our hero could not wake up from his nightmare, left in this terrible place, with the continuing story of von Sydowa to do his fate. Europe is a great movie and I can not help thinking about the pity that von Trier left this way of shooting because he was obviously one of the most talented visual directors who worked at the time, as well as the rest of his cinematic guns, full of rich iconic scenes . His commitment to composition and mission-en-scene is unrivaled, not to mention his use of sound and production structures. But because his melodrams that did not appear to have been Breaking the Waves and the Dancer in the Dark, then who can argue, but it looks like a loss of imaginative talent. 10/10
