2003 was considered a Matrix year, with the release of two sequels, and a computer game that actually merged with the making of the film. He also released a DVD of 9 short animated films, mostly written and produced in Japan and made like anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of the precursor of the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The second renaissance is made as a historical ensemble. He says how people made machines in their own form. People live with high life, while machines are mrňáci, company workers, second class citizens. In 2090, the BI-66ER was called for murder after he had killed his owner who wanted to deactivate him. The machine does not have a fair process and riots start around the world. Governments around the world command dismantling machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations and forces them into the economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and the rejection of the machines demanded peace, and so were the people who were responsible for the war that enslave them. The second Renaissance is an interesting watch with excellent traditional animation style and setting a convincing world. It shows how the machines were badly handled and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world, and short talks a lot of short run time. Short action themes and style to the classic silent film Metropolis, partly the beginning of the underworld. These are issues of slavery, working class abuse, and racism. It also has some religious motives and religious iconography. Mainly, men considered themselves God and created machines in their own form. See themselves as legitimate masters of machines. Machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and machines coming to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. The animation style is beautiful, in traditional anime style (like Akira). The designs are great, combining futuristic with historic cities, such as Washington D.C .. There is a well-down future scene and the surprising violence that is the key to the movie. Director Mahiro Maeda also directed an anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has a good credentials to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how to keep the story. The only real complaint is the continual error of the first Matrix movie, because Morpheus states that people do not have historical records or know who the war started. But it's a good watch.
