Prisons are not exactly famous for their kind hospitality and "happy vibes," about stories of struggle, chaos, murder and, of course, extreme male ties! But the prison in this movie is a completely different animal. The horror films stored in the cells are, as you probably know, nothing new because they emphasize and exaggerate fear of claustrophobia and inability to escape? two of the biggest themes in the horror cinema. With such examples as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowski, 1988), GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the whole genre Women in Prison, are something inventive and a lot of fun booting to be recognized. Or at least that's what you thought. PRISON is an incredibly entertaining and enjoyable ride, and it's a bit of a shame that it's not as well known as it should be. The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (well, a rainbow!) That was reopened. But they are not only fellow-guards and guards, to whom prisoners must fear, but also the evil ass demon of spirits, who has only one thing in mind; death! And boy, we have some amazing death scenes on us! Here I will not spoil anything for you, but there are plenty of innovative and pleasant murders that are made by invisible hands. Apart from the special effects and murders, this film is another matter; it's cast. In the rough head we have the star Vigga Mortensen (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) and for all who are so inclined, yes, is naked whose performance is not only very credible, but is done with such skill that his Eastwood-esquire Nature is both bad bones and nice (very fine mixture). Add it to the actor "hey-wait-a-minute-me-know-to-guy" actors and you have one big set of stars. But the characters themselves lack 3Dism and more often find themselves very stereotypical. We have a black eyepiece, a prison guard who is a living human being, a human activist, and a host of other personalities. But quite frankly, this "bug" actually helps the film. Instead of bored developing the character in too long a balance, we have more or less slipped directly into the action, and once it is started (very soon), there is not one scene that would be a filler? they're a fence on a fence. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the genre of slasher, it is a bit of a convention in itself, and in a good ol 'slasher genre tradition, PRISON punishes those who were wrong. All in all this is an excellent little horror movie and one that is sadly overlooked and not mentioned in the horror world. Thanks to its excellent cast and great special effects, and rather to the original deadly scenes, this film is highly recommended to horror fans. Do not be fooled that it will be a small movie just because it was made in the 1980s, it is far from cheese (though the end itself destroys it) and at the same time far from courageous and realistic (while trying to deal with problems such as the rape of prisoners, are rather minor). I give 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror film with very nice touches.
