I pulled out the VHS box from my huge collection - many unprecedented - and chose a film based on boxing art, I thought it would be fun and yes, bad. The prisons were in the 80s, gnawing across the box. I sat down and watched, and yeah! and behold, we found that sometimes we really sit on a movie with anticipated expectations. Fortunately, I quickly turned and I soon realized that I was sitting not only for a good film but rather for a good movie. Prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison that was reopened to save budget concerns. It looks as creepy as empty and full of prisoners. The prison used as a set is an incredibly atmospheric, and perhaps the most important figure in the movie. The story that uses prison as a central environment tells the prologue that the man was killed through an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as the guard - we tear the Crucifix before we send it to our Creator. Then we go to this day, first with the government council at a meeting that decides to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor to make sure conditions are acceptable when he vigorously fights against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see a new manager, Lane Smith, chasing the nightmare in bed - and due to the new job of opening the prison, it has not happened for years. Well, the rest follows: the siege and the prisoners come with a lot of stereotypes. It gives us a certain depth of character and some prisoners are interesting characters. The game is better than you might expect when Lane Smith will always work as a laborer. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner is solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane are really exploring the limits of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is fine as a woman. Best performer is Lincoln Kilpatrick, underestimated actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who was in the same prison years ago when a "man" was executed "with some terrible mystery, a thing to slicing bread or something, but it is definitely worth it and certainly better than most would have expected it. I was pleasantly surprised by how director Renny Harlin made the story so visually atmospheric, and Harlin knows how to build his own scenes There are a few over-gore scenes - the barbed wire a bit like the one with all the trumpets, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting - a script that is actually much more consistent than the one usually comes from such films can be partly credited to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story, you might remember, that he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween a terrible holiday It is far more terrifying than it is. Give the prison a break (you get it).
