What we have here is a convincing piece of low-budget horror with a relatively original premise, a cast that is filled with familiar faces and one of the most convincing film spots in the history of horror films. So ... could anyone tell me why this film is so totally underestimated ??? "Prison" is the American debut of Finnish director Harlin, who still counts for his best efforts, even though he has continued hits like "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place in an ancient prison in Wyoming, reopened for the cause of over-population in other more modern state prisons. Inside the former execution dungeon, the turmoil of the last victim of an electric chair still lives. Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith), who was promoted there, was 40 years ago when this innocent man was imprisoned, and the spirit still remembers his wrong role in an unfair process. It seems finally that time has come for vengeance. Viggo Mortensen plays a good thief car that has to prevent an even larger number of bodies, and Chelsea Field is a human social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. "Prison" contains over half a dozen unforgettable gore sequences, but it is an unbearably tense atmosphere that will surely keep you! Unlike any other horror picture of this decade, "jail" has a great sense of realism! This is, of course, a reference to authentic scenery and mood in prisons, and not to the supernatural murders that are committed ... although they are really troubling. The best parts of the film are pictures of realistic and tough sequences in prison that are associated with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best terrorist moment (which has given me nightmares since I've seen him at a young age) focuses on a rough chest death that includes a barbed wire. Haunting! The script suffers only one flaw, but it is usual ... almost inevitable, I think: cliché! The story represents almost every possible stereotype around the prison. Do we have the ugly, fat, degenerate with his "cute" boy toy, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and? naturally? old 'n' wise black con, who has been serving all my life (have I heard someone called the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not look at the blind on these clichés as my advice because there are so many other elements to be admired. The shooting is dark and damp, the secret is long lasting and successful, and the supportive prison role of class B actors is excellent (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget the awesome Wes Craven attempt "Shocker" or a deep sad cheese - "Armchair". It's the only cooling prison that's worth watching! Especially since Viggo Mortensen has the highest popularity today (I've heard he has played in a franchise that has involved elves, hobbits and other fairy-tale creatures ...), this horrible gemstone of the 1980s has to get to the urgent DVD release!
