"Barry McKenzie's Adventure" began life as a satirical comic in "Private Eye," written by Barry Humphries and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" to his friends) is an exciting and loud Australian hat whose two main interests in life are sex (though he never had) and Fosters lover. In 1972 he found his way to a big screen for the first of two trips. It had to be tempting to cast Humphries like "Bazza," but wisely left the work of Barry Crocker (later he sang the subject of the television series "Neighbors!"). Humphries instead played many roles in the real fashion of Peter Sellers, most notably Bazza's tattoo "Edna Everage" (that was before she became Dame). You know it will not be "The Importance of Being Ernest, when his censorship of NPA stands for" No Allowed Programs. "Pom-Hate Bazza is solved by a Sydney lawyer that in order to inherit a share of Father's will, he must go to England to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna in the tow, he took Quantas flight to Hong Kong and then to London, and an overly efficient customs officer gives Bazza import duties for everything he bought there, including a trunk full of "Fosters lager." As he says, "When he comes to "The clever taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the price by using Bazza and Edna first in Stonehenge, then Scotland." London's streets are dirty, and their hotel is a hunter-driven hut (Spike Milligan) who Bazza makes twenty minutes to add any pound notes to the electricity meter, but there are some good news for our hero, he meets with other Aussi Emi in Earls Court and Fosters is on sale in British pubs, what happens to a series of comic escapades Bazza plays in his own cigarette advertisement, his trousers are convinced it's some form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a top-class backpacker who loves to wear a school uniform, a young conservative dance in Rickmansworth for a charity rock concert where his song about "chundering" is almost an international star and finally BBC TV a center where she pulls her pants down to a lively debate hosted by her own crunch, Joan Bakewell. Burns fire and Bazz's friends come to rescue - Foster cans down, urinating on the flames en masse. It's a long way from Bruce Beresford's later work - Breaker Morant and Miss Daisy's. After release, critics were criticized for being too vulgar. Well, yes, it is, but it's also a great non-P.C. entertainment. "Bazza" is a disgusting creature, but his desire for life is unmistakable, you can not help but like that guy. His various euphemisms for urinating ("Percy's Porcelain Point") and Vomiting ("Technicolor Yawning") have gone into English without many people knowing where they come from. Other guests include Dick Bentley, Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later a star in Rock Follies), and even future artistic lecturer Russell Davies. - a beautifully named "Barry McKenzie Holds His Own" - came out two years later. At his premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to throw away critics who rescued the first film. It's good for him. But what had to be more concerned about him was the release of "Dundee Crocodile" in 1985. It was also noted that the Aussie, with a foreign culture. And he produced tons of more money. The song at the end of credits (Snacka Fitzgibbon) is wonderful. You have a love that contains a line: "If you want to send your sister to madness, imagine Barry McKenzie!" End time of this check. I have to go dunny to face the unemployed ...
