A short overview <br /> <br /> This film opens with the release of soldiers from the men's society. One of them follows another with a strange system that the other repeatedly rejects. Later they both get trapped in an office building where they want to go to a safe place during their Christmas holidays. Hostility becomes a playful mischief and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during bantering they lose all drinking fluids, so it is really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torses, a hole has been thrown into the wall, and finally they have escaped? only to find that they were betrayed and founded by women. One is captured, the other stays free and his companion is not married. Last meeting, last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, farewell, girlfriend. I found it hard not to see the box of homosexuals in the two main characters starring classic superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to one another, their treatment with women is abominable and they are marked by contempt in their entirety. It seems that the whole story has strong symbolic underpants, a bit like liberation. It is also very stylish. Safe two men who want to burst are in? on time ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It's the venue of an advertising company, so there are many fancy posters and wallpapers. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra-stylish Citroen DS (possibly the most modern and state-of-the-art car of all time) is great in this movie? maybe some kind of product placement. I can recommend this film to the actors themselves. Delon and Bronson really share top-level billing to be very fair and sporting. Both have a considerable amount of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he really does - and he speaks French all over the world, with a great accent they buy very modestly. And of course it is the person we hear. (The French version is therefore recommended). The police inspector, who follows the two, plays on my favorite French characters the actor, Bernard Fresson, who was a partner of Gene Hackman in French II. He's the best wise police inspector I know. Also very good is the former child actress Brigitte Fossey as a young ingénue, which, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it first seems. Anyone who expects the "old in-out-out" of classic heist films could be disappointed with this film. For those who have a bit of patience, it will be a great experience, full of new and original ideas and overtones, even though it is too brutal and sadistic for me.
