Amazingly tactical, strange (beware of the glamorous moment of a beautiful blonde who acts like a towel for some rich people), unnecessary but undoubtedly convincing late nights. This unspoilt French production is a nest of confused thoughts and random drawing illustrations that centered on the very charismatic stars (somewhat anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They really can not do so, especially in a limited, tedious center where they are hiding in the building during Christmas breaks so they can break with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh, fun! But just when a strange relationship develops between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After the manipulative battle of wills (and children's games against each other) they come to understand that they see that they honor mutual engagement and mutual respect. This should continue with the next part of the second distorted part of the story with the undetected curve. Yet their encounters at the beginning suggest that there is more, but what we get is unclear, and it is increased by what is actually going on there? "the end that could only jump you YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I like to get it from the system. <br /> <br /> The stimulation is terribly slow, but it is moderately measured and seems to be deliberately exhausted with nervous and nervous underline watch how the same process repeats over and over again, and you know something is wrong and eventually starts playing Now everything that's going on feels too spontaneous, but the top payout is scary, a tense, complicated script is probably a bit too smart for his own good, but there are some neat news (coins, glass and liquids trying not to throw away) and visual symbolism, the purpose of Jean Herman being an efficient and low key, but getting into artificial fusion and refilling a reluctant ice atmosphere. FX is much more than a stronger comment than Francois DeRoubaix's funky score, which opens after opening. The top drawers of Delon (which is quite ok elves) and Bronson (jovial turnover) are solid and everybody works enormously. Bernard Fresson crosses the attitude as an inspector who knows that more is happening than what is being done. Attractive female cast with the support of Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A handy but polished crime drama that keeps her two leading and some bizarre inclusions.
