If you are already a fan of the great books by Modesto Blaise from Peter O'Donnell from the 1960s, this movie will really make you enjoy. If you've ever seen the movie "Modesty Blaise" from 1966, forget it! It was a camp. This is Real Modes Blaise. Story and character are both true to the modesty that fans of books know and love. It's a long way from Joe Losey's 1966 travesty, and it takes our modesty quite seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and believable in this section, and yes, we see her spinning. chuckle <br /> <br /> This is probably the first film in the series and as such serves to introduce Modesty, her childhood and her days with Lob. Since Peter O'Donnell was a creative filmmaker, everything will really ring. Even the story O'Donnell told about how he figured out the character is just as he said it. After reading all the books, I enjoyed this film even more. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has retained his real estate choice by filming Quentin Tarrentino, I hope to see more humorous stories as soon as possible. Especially when Willie Garvin's stunning character makes the modest figure really alive. To this end, I really hope that the film will work well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax intends to distribute a DVD in the USA at any time. I suspect it might work well in the US in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax will decide where and how to distribute their films. In the story, Modesta is in the early 1920s, working in Louche at the Tanger casino. The flash sequences are artificially created and taken to Modesta from the age of 9, through her teens to the current age in the movie - about 21-22, I suppose. I really do not think she is a "perfect actress" for Modesta. For many of us fans of Modesta, it's already too strong in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. It is very slender, lovely and ready. He has a lot of detail. It has a great face - one that keeps your movie well in your mind. According to illustrator O 'Donnella, Romer, Modesta has a more prominent character than Staden, but I am willing to ignore it. If Staden continues this role, I think he'll get faster - just as Modesta becomes stronger and more agile as he gets old. Staden is already very well expressing the humor and absolute certainty of Modesta. Take a shot and rent this movie, it's nothing like what you saw, and though it was controlled by Scott Spiegel, it is full of Tarrentino's touches, great camera movements, lighting and well-executed action sequences.
