This is the first Jean Renoir Silent movie I've watched and maybe even right because it's generally considered to be his best, except that he's also his first major piece. Overall, this is a really reassuring and technically perfect film that denies the fact that it was only Renoir's second job. For the fans of the director, he is full of interesting advice on the future films Renoir, in particular THE DENK AND CHAMBERMAID (1946) and GOLDEN KOCH (1952) - in his portrayal of the lower flute femme fatale madly demanded by the various aristocrats who are shaming for her - also THE RULES OF THE CASTLE ) - show how it does in one sequence, how angry the servants behave when their backs turn away from them - and the French CANCAN (1955) on scandalous dance at one point. Personally, I would say that the film makes a decent companion to G.W. Pablo's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his lively recreation of the sordid life of courtesan. When he said it all, the film was a deep critical and commercial failure at the time of his release - "a crazy commitment," as Renoir himself later referred to in his memoirs, which not only personally cost him wealth (eventually healed the resulting financial burden by selling some of his late father's paintings), but almost forced him to move away from the cinema! Stylistically, NANA is completely different from Renoir's sound work and owes some debt to Foolish Wives (1922) by Erich von Stroheim, the film Renoir admired - and on a personal note the one I should really visit still (owned by Kino DVD and other von Stroheims already 4 years). However, NANA is certainly not defective: the intentional pace will be reflected in the over-generous 130-minute run and some sequences (especially the racetrack in the middle of the middle) take too long. <br /> <br /> Extremely captivating actor style on the picture is sometimes difficult - especially what appeared on Georges Hugon (one of her various suitors) Catherine Hessling Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain Georges Hugon ... though from technical they are their characters, their acting (which takes them to a courteous lifestyle when they are out of the stage), and immature weakening, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (wife of Renoir at the time, by the way) is just as attractive as to be very convincing as "the appearance of elegance" (as another admirer describes it in one phase) that is able to enslave everyone the man he meets. Other notable casts include Dr. (as initially a skeptic, but ultimately tragic suitor of Nana) and future prominent film director Claude Autant-Lara (honored as Claude Moore as well as art director here) as a close friend of Muffat, who is secretly in love to a neglected woman! <br /> <br /> The print I've been watching - it's "Jean-Renoir's 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - is largely lovingly restored and beautifully colored, previously only available on the French DVD (Emile Zola, no less) but could not help, but several times appeared on the screen and the two most notable films are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and who owns VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, with whom I am not familiar).
