I loved this movie. I strongly disagree with some (negative) criticisms I have been reading over the years. It was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a great time with his part as Chandler Jarrell, and he should never care what the critics say if he's having fun doing it? and most of its viewers enjoyed it! And it was fun to watch because it combined some great fantasy tensions with Mr. Murphy is a great comedy style. Do you have to remember that "The Golden Child" is a "fantasy" movie? only imaginative magic work and a miracle in the real world. While I was released, I worked at a video rental company. This was one of the most popular with all our customers. Every time we put this message on our monitor, ALL of the copies we had quickly came up with requests for waiting lists that have been stored for months on the queue! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was a resident film critic, and all my regular customers would ask my opinion before they rented out? It was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my customers, so I highly recommended this one to most of them. Do I feel that this movie is asleep? maybe it was not too good at the box office? due to very poor marketing? but hit later in the rental market and buying videos! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I loved the little boy who played the Golden Child? J. L. Reate - but looking at his IMDb profile I noticed he never made any more movies. That's sad because he had aura on the screen and he could continue his film career. I also loved Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him in his part as "Egg Shen" in "Great Difficulty in Little China" - 1986). In any case, it was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not seem to fit the topic were some of the parts that were naturally a bit more "adult"? such as "Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the snake lady presented to him as a silhouette." It was funny, but it was still out of sync, OK, so there were a few suggestive free scenes - they were put into the mind today. the lethal type of film we need today to get away from all the harsh core reality and the depressing fuzz that hit Hollywood. Now it's fun!
