I always feel strange and guilty about saying that (because I'm a relatively well-educated non-teenager), but I'm a bit like Olsen twins and I respect the films they make, even though I've never been their target group. "When in Rome" was the traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley film, complete with foreign travel, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a "B" story, fashion orientation, and even a gag reel over loans. I enjoyed it. "When in Rome" and the other films of Olsen's twins never pretend to be something they are not; it's mostly a premiere on the video and they never relate to the fact that it's another "Citizen Kane" or even "Affair to Remember". My opinion is that people who look at this film and expect it to be something other than another Olsen movie will be disappointed. This means that those who are fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy it. For those of us who have watched them since the first episodes of "Full House," it's really great to see that they grow into mature roles. This movie provides important historical and geographical information as well as many other films (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?) And also good and clean entertainment to enjoy the whole family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I'm on my soapbox, and until I can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to attack those who reject the Olsen twins: To be a fan of Olsen twins, you do not have to be California some pre-teenage girl from the valley. In fact, it is not really the target audience. If it were, the fashion line of MK & A clothing and accessories would go through Gap or some sort of deal, not Wal-Mart. "When she's in Rome," while "high fashion" and the globe and two girls from the valley of Cali, it's not really about it ... it's more about the inspiring young girls who have the initiative and leave their places. If it means setting a movie in some charming alien town with cute boys on motorcycles, it's either. This is called marketing - you take the idea and sell it so that it is attractive. At least they send good news, even though the means seem to be a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> Do not actually start the movie until you see it and then do not start it until you try to understand what the Olsen twins do: encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and driven young women. This movie I think, just like everyone else. Children - enjoy yourself. Parents - they do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
