* Contains spoilers due to my description of some movie techniques, so read at your own risk! * <br /> <br /> I loved this movie. Using tinting in some scenes makes it seem to animate the old photo. I also enjoyed people projection on the back screen. For example, in one scene, Leopold calls his wife and she is designed behind him rather than in a typical split screen. Her face is huge at the back, and Leo is at the forefront. One of the best ways to use it is when young boys kill Ravenstein on a train, a scene shot almost in political poster style, with a close face. It reminded me of the Potemkin battleship, that intense, permanent, style associated with the red spray to provoke a lot of horror without much. Like the scene when Katharina finds her father died in a bath ... you see only the red water on your side. It's one of the things I love about von Trier, his underestimation of horror, which makes it even more scary. The use of the text in the film was unique, as when Leo's character was pressed by the word "Werewolf". I've never seen anything like this in the movie. <br /> <br /> The use of black comedy in this movie has been well done. Ernst-Hugo Järegård is great as Leo's uncle. It induces what I got from my role in the Kingdom (Riget.) This humor makes a plot of absurd anal retention of train conductors against the terrible background of World War II and all the chaos that are easier to take. He reminds me of Riget how the hospital administrator is trying to keep the normal at the end of the first part when everything goes crazy. It shows that some people really do not care about the horrible things that happen around them. Still, some people, like Leo, are tuned, but they have nothing positive about. Voice over, well done well by Max von Sydow, is also fun. It attracts you to the story and makes you jump into Leona's head, which is sometimes a frightening place. The film raises the view that one is a coward if he does not choose side by side. I see the same idea used in the Dancer in the dark, where Bjork's character does not speak for itself and end up with its own destruction. In fact, it seemed to me that Von Trier was acting against me as against a woman by doing Breaking the Waves and Dancer, but now I know his male characters are not suffering! At the end of the dance, I found myself in the same place when you really want the main character to re-evaluate her actions, but of course they will never do!
