This well-designed and well-researched document outlines the terrible case of the Chagos Islanders who, between 1969 and 1971, have been shown to have been massively deported from their homeland through a secret agreement between the British and American governments. Anglo-American policymakers have decided to do so because of their perception that the islands will be the strategic basis for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of aviation and naval forces. During the Cold War, when most of the newly independent post-colonial states departed from the western orbit, it seems that British and American officials felt rather that islanders could decide the fate of the islands was not a viable choice. Instead, they decided to carry out the wholesale violent removal of the indigenous population. The film shows that there were no measures for the islanders at the time of their escape, and that the displaced Chagos community fell into privacy within three decades, and that in the new Mauritius where they were deserted, they suffered substantially accelerated rates of death. After more than three decades, however, in the last few months (and years) there have been a number of utterly condemnable documents from the British Public Registry (one rather suspects that some error has occurred and these papers have never been published), the subsequent legal appeals of the Chogos community in exile, as British courts are constantly looking for the benefit of islanders and against the British state. As such, the overwhelming and disturbing conclusions made in the film can be reasonably considered to be proven. However, the governments of the United Kingdom and the UK have yet to make any commitment to return the islands to what the courts have definitively concluded, are the legitimate inhabitants. This is a very useful film anyone could see, but it's important for the British and the Americans to watch. To be silent in the face of these facts is to be an accomplice in a perfectly ugly crime.
