Lars von Trier is never reluctant to explore new techniques. Some of them are very original, while others are best forgotten. It depicts post-war Germany as a haunted journey by train. With so many cities in ruins, Leo Kessler, a young American of German origin, feels forced to help with their restoration. It's not an easy task to find out quickly. His uncle finds him a job as a night conductor on the Zentropa railway line. Its mission is to meet the needs of passengers. When shoes are polished, chalk is created on the feet. A bad argument arises when the shoes of the passengers are not wings despite the fact that they were polished. There are many signs of German fanaticism of keeping such stupid details. The railroad is like an allegory that represents the human procession in life with all its trials and tribulations. In one row, Leo runs through the back strollers to find them filled with half-bodies that have just emerged from Auschwitz. These images, terrible as they are, are as volatile as in a dream, each with their own terrible impact but still unrelated. At a station named Urmitz Leo, he jumps out of the train with a partial bomb. From the point of view of many stands, he connects the bomb with the lower part of the carriage. He returns to his cabin and connects with the clock. Later, it jumps out of the train (high speed) and lies in the cold grass on the banks of the river. When we look at the stars above, they decide that their job is to build and not destroy them. Subsequently, when he sees a train approaching the giant bridge, he runs the train speed and stops the clock. If you are interested in analyzing the situation, it is a totally impossible task. Pretty ridiculous in fact. It could only happen in a dream. It's strange how one remembers little detail, like a bunch of cups hanging on hooks, and rattling by train. Despite the fact that this film is highly acclaimed, I prefer Lars Von Trier's later films (Breaking the Waves and The Idiots). The bomb scene described above really did. Maybe I'm a realist.
