Fighting the death penalty is a fair cause. Anyone who is reasonable in Europe would think so. In the US everything is different. It seems that the film demonstrates in the first phase that justice can be reserved for the death penalty of a racist bigot who longs for American justice. A young man is released from death by a law professor who has returned to the defense in this particular case. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in the US is entirely driven by the intention of revenge. Violation of justice is precisely what directs revenge. One person in the local embassy has a young man prosecuted for a false charge. The officer in the public prosecutor's office drops off after a while, and the young man leaves for free. But he loses a college scholarship and he is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is no smoke without fire. She hides her shame and swears that she gets revenge. But it also needs to satisfy its sexual needs, which are certainly more mental than hormonal, but even stronger, because they are mental and hormonal, and they do it only with little girls. He obviously works with another serial killer who is the same kind of prey. One day, local cops follow their intuition, led by some vague circumstances in the murder of a young girl, and arrest the young boy we talk about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but strikes, blows, telephones and guns, and Russian roulette. He admits. Deputy to the death penalty, she asks her grandmother to go to Massachusetts Law Professor, who is the spouse of a local prosecutor who has been falsely prosecuted a few years ago and revenge is on the rails. It will be unsuccessful, but it shows that once someone in the line of justice, police work, and other security forces step out of a series of absolute legality, there is an unfair act that can destroy even the best defended case and it can nourish the worst imaginable thirst for vengeance . Encouraging someone to be circumspect is just as bad as allowing the surrounding elements to destroy the work of police or justice. The best intentions on the part of the police are being destroyed by some personal involvement and a mindset, just as a person's life can be endangered by surrounding elements filled with evidence, which in itself threatens the whole case by being indirect, he therefore easily refused, with a good attorney. The film then deeply reflects the need to respect standards and regulations across police and justice if we do not want to make a mistake, which of course does not justify the death penalty, since it is against the deepest belief of Americans: "We realize that these truths are obvious, created by the Creator that they are endowed with certain inalienable laws, among them Life, Freedom and the pursuit of happiness. "(Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that man gave to his Creator, meaning that no one other than the one who gave it, it can take away. Only God can take the life of man away. The death penalty is an arrogant appropriation of power we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we can not justify the death penalty merely as vengefulness, and here the film shows that vengeance is the worst possible motivation to perform justice and to establish public peace. If revenge is dispensed aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And it can always be a mistake not to try luck but revenge. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
