This film is actually a mixed bag. On the one hand, the story and the concept of the film are really good, tense and have a nice plot. But, on the other hand, it's all said very slowly, without style and without participation. I still think of "Just Cause" as an above-average thriller simply because of the fine cast. Perhaps Sean Connery was wrong in his role. I think he's not as credible as the main hero and father of a young daughter (played by very young Scarlett Johansson by the way) and Kate Capshaw's husband. I feel she's just too old to make the role really credible. However, Sean Connerey is, of course, a great actor, and that's the only reason he's still able to carry the movie as well as he did. But of course she is helped by a very strong supporting actress, composed of actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All the actors are really good, but some of them are very unused at the same time, which is a real shame as well as a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is absolutely great in his role as a psychopathic serial killer. It's really cool and cool. Normally, it does not play this ruthless, cooling role in movies, so it really surprises its role in this movie. His performance alone is more than enough reason to watch this movie. However, given that the story is narrated without style and too formal, none of the characters in the film really come out because they feel too distant. It's really a way of telling stories that kills the whole movie with its fine potential. Arne Glimcher directs a film with a little style and keeps the tempo too intermittent. Because we are as spectators, they have never joined the story or any other way. <br /> <br /> It's really bad because "Just Cause" has more than enough potential. A nice cast and a neat story with unexpected twists and turns where nothing is what it seems. Cast and story are the only reason why this movie is still an above-average thriller, which is likely to please the fan of the genre. But it is a perpetual shame that the film lacks the story and style, otherwise this film could be a real classic in its genre. <br /> <br /> 7/10
