This is the fifth von Trier movie I've seen. I believe he is the only director I've done so high in all his films. Four of them, Element of Crime, Europa, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave 10 and one, The Idiots, I gave 9 (and I was wondering if he would do it 10 since I first he saw it, though I wanted to see it before I did it). He was called to be called one of the best working directors. I try to agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great movies. For fifty years, when von Trier retires, he will be considered the most important artist in Europe (perhaps from the planet), and in his name will be taught lessons. It's simply Bergman or Fellini of our time. It's too bad, critics have been too intrigued to notice. I will admit on Europe itself that it is confusing and that its story does not seem to be strong. I think it makes sense. This film was supposed to represent a nightmare or subconscious at some level. This is quite clear from the film: the narrative of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized and this is our subconscious. I am inclined to lean more towards his mind, for I am devalued by Europe, the American, very little. This framing is also clear if you've seen the crime element, an even brighter film than this (although I think what Europe needs more than anything else is the right DVD release, perhaps the Criterion, the theater aspect ratio, and remastered sound and painting, then I'm sure this movie will look as great as any other von Trier movies). In the film, The Crime Element begins with a hypnotist movie, which this time we really see on screen, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anxiety. The first words of this movie are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on the road." And when Fisher, the narrator, gets out of the way, the hypnotist makes him sick and tells him to come back to the story. He even laughs when he takes care of a really stupid and a T-shirt. Something like this: "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, she did not really say that?" <br /> <br /> So, the key to interpreting Europe, which is almost a sequel to The Element of Crime, is that we are deeply in the subconscious of our von Trier and that the symbols there are to be interpreted within them and are likely to be different to each other. What does the train symbolize? Consider it internally and then discuss it externally. Europa is a great movie, a masterpiece. It never bored me even though I was watching it at three o'clock in the morning. The perfect time to watch, actually, because it works in the logic dream.
