I saw this film at the Adelaide Film Festival '07 and was thoroughly impressed for all 106 minutes. I like documentary films, but I often find that they are stretching for about 25 minutes. Forbidden lie but never lost my interest. The subject of the film is Norma Khoury, a Jordanian woman who, in 2001, found glory and wealth by publishing the book "Forbidden Love," a biographical story about her Muslim friend who had murdered her family for a relationship with a Christian. A few years later, however, several journalists began to shake holes in the story, which led the public to believe it was a scam. At first, this film is dealt with very quickly and thoroughly, and from there we spend most of the time in Norma, trying to convince her that her novel is more than fiction. Director Anna Broinowski found a really fascinating woman to study, and she leads endless conversations with Khoury as she seeks the truth. As always in life, truth is not so easy. Norma is worried about her life, fearing violent reactions to the blatant portrait of her novelist colors of Jordanian Muslims. He refuses to return to the Jordan and show us the facts. Broinowski, however, does not fend off and slowly puts himself in front of him. The result is an incredible view inside the artist's mind. Of course, what we find there is meaningless and it is extremely difficult to follow it, and finally we do not know whether to believe the norm or not. She is either a rather unfairly laid woman trying to survive, or a fantastic friend. The power of lies, truth, and half-truth that passes through the film is great. The film uses many interviews as well as the drama that tells the story, and Broinowski uses these drama to show us why people like Norma are able to exist: we want to be condemned. Every day we go to the cinema and let us believe what's happening on the screen. That could just be that I read a little bit about the thing, but after the movie it was not in Brianow's question and answer, but I did. <br /> <br /> This is a great Australian movie, and if you ask me, you have to get international releases and decorations. Surely the best movie I've ever seen on AFF07. <br /> <br /> Let's see if you have a chance.
