The story: Max von Sydow's voice story hypnotized the protagonist (and the audience) until 1945, when our protagonist young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) just arrived in Germany after the Second World War to help rebuild the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) supplies Leopold with work in the big Zentropa train company, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmanna (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself caught in a network of corruption that is being used, losing his ideology and being forced to choose between a pest or chorera. Mysterious, charming, manipulative, noirish, haunted, beautiful, and ugly. These are some instant grandiose descriptions that came to mind when thinking about the 1991 EUROPA masterpiece Lars von Trier; the final chapter of the European trilogy. In the US, ZENTROPA was regained, so audiences would not confuse it with Agniesz Holland's EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (as well as the World War II drama). The European trilogy also consists of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984 and EPIDEMIC 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals with hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as fundamental as visual. In the opening picture of EUROPA, we see a locomotive pointing towards us, while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "On the mental count of ten, you will be in Europe. Be there ten, I say ten." A metaphor for the ability of movies to bring us into the subconscious reality of dreams. <br /> <br /> EUROPA uses a special but extremely effective visual style - that is, the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky, who is Trier's main influence. It is a black-and-white movie occasionally associated with red blood, red dress, etc. According to the story, it inspired Steven Spielberg to use a similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST since 1993 (coincidentially another drama of World War II). In addition, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and transforms the background projection by adding separate covered co-layers on the layers, but unlike Old Hollywood films that have incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier uses art for reasons. These carefully crafted visual techniques point out that we are in reality a dream, we are hypnotized; EUROPA is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for considering advanced technology (such as a Multilayer background-projection) over plot and characters, but this is what the reviewers criticized in 1968 with Stanley Kubrick's visual masterpiece: SPACE ODYSSEY - today it is mandatory a place in all the cinema history of cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical misconduct. It seems that Trier assigns a terrorist group on Werewolf waves to too much historical significance. According to a variety of online resources that are right (a fascinating subject-try Google yourself!) Nevertheless, Trier's purpose is neither educational nor drawing history accurately. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, and the universe with which the audience meets is a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory will excuse us - 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young viewers with experience with EUROPA are too young to have memories of World War II, we have collective memories of them from various BBC documents, so these little inaccuracies really serve the purpose: they inform us that we are not in Germany after the end of World War I 1945, but Leopold's recollection of it. All three of the trilogy chapters in Europe portray young ideologists with noble intentions that are forced to corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous conclusions of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologues are forever captured in their hypnotized reality. Before, during and after the filming of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-founder Niels Vørsel were very interested in the Second World War. Shows. It is full of extremely beautiful shots that capture the atmosphere of the time period. A big example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland primarily for economic reasons) in the latest EUROPA. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, I think EUROPA will receive its legally deserved place in cinematography. His method of twisting old clichés and visual techniques of Noir Love is so unique, odd and completely different from what you will see in Hollywood today, or any other dream race. EUROPA is a basic movie in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it as pure commercial speculation, but that would be disastrous. It's there with other classical and semi-classical trivia, such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984, RIGET TV series 1993 and DOGVILLE 2003. It is a unique experience before Trier cared for his actors and the Dogme95 Manifesto. Bach! "At ten ..." 9/10
