I barely realized the time in the history depicted in this Brazilian black comedy in 1971, but that does not mean it was not available because the film is very clear. It meets in the 16th century in Brazil, where competing French and Portuguese settlers use indigenous people as confessions in their battle to claim a dominant position. The film is especially interesting that it is Portuguese from the French point of view. The hero is a nice Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarian and the rest of the French is oppressive and greedy. The portrait filmmakers are objective, because when everything is said and done, we see that there is no difference to the side. It is an inheritance overwhelmed by the environment at a time defined by tribes. Enemies are created and maintained, and so environmental integration never happens. The French is portrayed by Portuguese, which is then captured by the tribal Tupinambas after they massacre a Portuguese group. The Shaman tribe predicted they would find a strong Portuguese man who would be cannibalized as revenge for the boss's brother killing the ball with the Portuguetus musket. The French think she is Portuguese, but she believes she now has one. Still, the Frenchman is given the undisturbed course of the village, sooner or later he gets a wife and takes his usual looks rather than Western clothes or clothing. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is really Portuguese, then assures the Frenchman, who is furious that he will tell them the truth when the French finds a secret treasury that another European is hiding nearby. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, I found a funny scene, because her narration, which appeared with her inconsistencies on the screen, served as a great satire, although the film does not seem to want to keep this tone much more often. In fact, it is not a terribly exciting film. The gentle, vital environment, the lively way of life and the mature indigenous women make not only the French, but we also forget about every threat and we feel like a free man. It should not be too hard to escape. Cannibalism is as passionate as the full nudity of the cast, designed instead as the representative core of the dry political cartoon series Pereira dos Santos, from the myths of the New World and the undeveloped social cohesion. Anyway, this soccer commentary of the 1500s, shot on the spot in a bay with 365 islands, played almost completely naked and almost completely written in Tupi, encouraging the effective breakdown of established ways that are current because they have been repeated for centuries.
