The CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the trailer, I thought it would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the most powerful performance in history. My family did not like it too much, but after seeing this movie, my family is very impressed. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a big hit due to three major stars. <br /> <br /> This is a meeting of Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya and falling in love. They married and went to Switzerland for a honeymoon. When she returns, Raj and Priya find out that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when he finds out especially the Raja Dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to abort. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priy that he can not have children anymore. Paradise and Priya keep this family at rest. Raj and Priya decide to go to a spare place. The replacement for them is to find a girl and Raj and that the girl will have a baby together and then hand over the child to Raj and Priya. Raj finds the girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her about the situation and bribes her money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj says Priya finds a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do so no one can find it. Priya spends the night in the church, and Raj and Madhubala are alone and together the grassy night. The Doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells her family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala likes Raj and she wants to. What happens next? Look at the CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like in the movie is their idea of ​​a replacement family. They had to do it in the movie in the right way, but they did not destroy the movie. It was great. <br /> <br /> Songs from the movie are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dekhne Walon No", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi", the song "Mehndi" is very varied and in this song is ghod bharai and is very varied Film deserves 10 / 10!
