A few years ago, a friend received Michael Mann's video "Heat" from one of his other friends. After we finished the film and were about to come, we saw that there was another movie, hard on the cover of the tape, which the owner did not describe. Still, we were all stuck to our seats thanks to its distinct opening that lacked credit. Two hours later, I just sat and wondered: how did I not hear about this work? . <br /> <br /> This movie was Europa. Lars von Trier awakened from the dead film noir, a deconstructed reality with a deliberately obvious set, but often there was a ghostlike resemblance to the post-war German photos I saw. And then complicated slices! The story itself is hard to accept a moral odysey that has no happy ending. A young American pacifist of German descent comes to post-war Germany, who intends to do something good to pay for the bombs that his countrymen have lost. But most of the time he faces mistrust and self-defeating resistance. He hires Zentropa, a dining and sleeping company (modeling at Mitropa), whose owner is one of the Nazi co-workers involved in the occupation. Our hero will fall in love with his daughter - who later became a member of a werewolf, a Nazi postwar terrorist. When he does not understand the world (or only Europeans), in his anger he throws out the railway bridge under the train he has just rescued. As a last note for historical correctness: in the real world, the werewolf was not as important as the film suggests, it was predominantly the ultimate Nazi propaganda coup. After the SS unit murdered the main allied occupied Aachen, two months before surrender, the Nazis announced the creation of a whole legion of saboteurs and terrorists ready to fight the lines, the Werewolf. But only a few hundred Hitler youths received some training and while two or three of them were deployed to murder suspected Communists or foreign workers in forced labor in the Bavarian villages to print permanent fears from the people, Hitler's death and the end of the war all broke down. <br /> <br /> However, the Prophet had a deep effect on the occupiers. Everywhere the Werewolf was afraid, suspected of any serious accident-but without exception, another cause was later found (ignored by some recent pseudo-historians). For example, when the main police headquarters exploded Bremen or when a Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin, the gas core exploded. The effect was strongest on the Soviets, who arrested tens of thousands (mostly children!) "Preliminarily" on suspicion of being a werewolf, and closed them in camps where many died.
