Prolific and highly influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese explores the selection of his favorite American films grouped by three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color. director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and predominantly Vincent Minnelli, directors who hid insurgent news in their films; and the director as an iconoclast: those filmmakers who attack civilian observation and social hangouts like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. the old studio system in Hollywood was, though oppressive, the way the film directors found themselves moving through the media because they are bound by political and financial constraints. During movie clips that shows us, we not only discover movies we have never seen before, and so we have succeeded, but we are also seeing what they see. He evaluated his stylistic emotional abilities with the directors of the sequences themselves. The idea of ​​a film gun was considered snobish, and therefore some film fans and critics prefer only "lists". However, the canon only refers to "the best," and supporters of the film canon claim it is a valuable activity to identify and experience the selected compilation of "best" films, much like the greatest hits as far as the direction of film students is concerned. Overall, experience has shown that all writing about the movie, including reviews, works in the design of a movie canon. Some film canons are definitely elitist, others may be "populist". By way of example, the list of films of the Top 250 Films in the Internet Movie Database includes a number of films featured in several "elitist" movie canal channels, but also presents recent Hollywood blockbusters, on which many film elites mock, such as The Dark Knight, time mixes in the top ten in the middle of the first two films of Godfather, Schindler's Lists and one shedding over the Cuckoo's nest and the fluctuations of similar productions as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scarsese, the taxi driver Paul Schrader clearly referred to his canon as "elitist" and claims to be positive. Scorsese is never vocal at all about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and certainly obsessive historical lesson about the birth and growth of American cinematography in both ideological areas, we see that there is no particular virtue in elitism or populism. Elitization focuses all attention, recognition and so much on those who are considered excellent. Such discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence in the spirit of the affluent work of Jean-Luc Godard or the excess production practices of a filmmaker such as Michael Haneke. Nevertheless, populism refers to the belief that represents freedom as a claim to the will of the people. As has been said earlier in connection with all of the vast misconceptions of people about the cinema, populism may be the end of the potential power and influence of cinematography. One can only continue watching movies, because social and metaphysical practices are essential. And that's what Martin Scorsese spent almost four hours trying to tell us something that can not be said without being seen firsthand.
