When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorces to create the American part of the Century of the Cinema, he seized this opportunity with both hands. His personal journey to American films is fascinating, broad, and as the title says, a highly personal view of Hollywood cinematography. The story of Scorces is primarily about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, screenwriters, and other collaborators will barely mention. From the beginning, he notes that it is the primary conflict in the film industry that it is between the vision of the director and the motive of the distributor's profit, between art and commercial viability. He even opens with Vincent Minnelli's clip "The Bad and the Beautiful," one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This determines the structure of the document. Scorcese looks at how yellow the genres and clichés become infected, how the maverick invaded the production code, and how some filmmakers fell out of grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never encounters the auteuristic trap of rejecting directors who are constantly delighted with studio bosses (Cecile B. De Milla's praise) or those who have had a lesser-known style, but have been the art craftsmen of the cinema. /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily have to concentrate on his absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorces' greatest influences being mentioned only in the passage). Instead, he looks at the individuals and movies that serve to tell his story. For example, he showed us the succession of John Ford's films that show how Western development evolved. He looks at the work of Vincent Minnelli (probably the most cited director of documentary film) to show how a supposedly healthy genre, such as a musical, could have a darker attic. I can imagine that if this role was not limited to America, Scorces would also like to talk about, for example, the Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As it is, does he expand the definition of American films to include both Hollywood films by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American born artists that was produced elsewhere? such as Stanley Kubrick. Rather than simply telling the story of Hollywood chronologically, Scorces compares films from different periods to deal with different themes. In his language and cinema section, DW starts with DW Griffith, looks at the sounds, colors and widescreen screens, and inevitably ends up with computer-generated effects that, although Scorcese is not excited about them, has given enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola, who defended them. However, the chapter simply does not finish as if it were the end. Instead, it goes back to the 1940s and shows how low-budget horrors such as The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest features. A personal journey through American films must be one of the best documentary films. There were a number of excellent directors and paintings I'd never experienced, and even the most experienced film fans would probably find something new in their wide range. Scorcese has also restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued images. I was delighted that when he talked about Kubrick in the "Iconoclases" chapter, he looked at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most underestimated films. Scorces' respect for the media is depicted in the way he allows the clips to play fully, rather than just give us tiny bits, and interrupts them with interviews (a combination of archive and new interviews) only if necessary. There's a bit of bias to the 40s and 50s, but that's hardly surprising, because it's a time when Scorcese grew up and discovered a cinema. And, after all, I do not think that this document could be achieved if it were not a personal way. One word of warning is that in a deep view of some pictures this document contains a lot of sponsors.
