In 1934 Marily Cuthbert (Helen Westley) and Matthew Cuthbert (OP Heggie), middle-aged siblings living together in Green Gables, a farm in Avon, on Prince Edward Island, decided to take boys from a distant orphanage to help their farm . But the orphan who was sent to her is an early 14-year-old girl named Anne Shirley (Dawn Evelyn Paris - a veteran of the Disney series "Alice" Shorts, who later accepted her name). Anne was only 11 in Lucy's original novel, Maude Montgomery, but the same actress could not walk faithfully from the age of 11 to the age of college. The film is somewhat suffering from this concession, as many of Anne's responses and much of what he says are more entertaining than the eleven-year-old who comes from teenagers. As in Anne's book, she is bright and fast, eager to delight, but unhappy with her name, construction, freckles and long red hair. He is a child of imagination, however, Anne takes a lot of joy in life and adapts quickly to the new family and environment of Prince Edward Island. In fact, Anne is the original "Teenage Drama Queen," and the screenwriter decided to focus on this aspect of her character. Which changed the basic genre from a slightly entertaining family drama into a comedy. A change that pleased the audience and which continues to worsen the purist readers. Since comedy is essentially in the spirit of the Montgomery story, I see no reason to deal with these changes, but let it serve as a fair warning to anyone who expects a completely faithful adaptation. The comedy element is the power of the film because it is one of the earliest autoreflective parodies of the Hollywood conventions. Actress Anne Shirley was one of Hollywood's beauty and the film is black and white. So much amusement is to see endless denial of the title of character about her appearance and color of hair contrary to what appears on the screen. Anne regularly runs her uneducated rural companions with melodramatic lines like, "If you refuse, it will be a lifetime of sadness for me." Perhaps the most fun moment is when it repairs the spelling of her name on the classroom chalkboard. <br /> <br /> Tom Brown does a nice job as a love interest by Anne Gilbert Blythe and Sara Haden steals all the scenes in which he appears as Cuthbert's pompous neighbor. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
