For people who are interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. As one of the former participants of the show, he wrote in his blog about this innovative show: People in the business eventually had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; have a group of traders who compete with each other in business-related tasks, in the best place in the world, in New York. Donald Trump is perfect as a boss, although his ego is larger than the universe infinity. He also makes a lot of dubious decisions about who the fire, which is one of the negatives on the show. Season 1: Big season overall, best season "normal" you. This season was the one that mainly concerned real business skills. Later, the line almost drowned in marketing tasks with too many product placements. Great and interesting contestants overall, with the most enjoyable character ever in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only person who suspects that Trump World Tower - the episode where he was released - has been manipulated so that Amy and Nick get this particular task. Season 2: Also a great season. Tasks were still fine and had many interesting contestants. Only M was horrible and he should never get to the final, IMO. Also this season had the worst shooting ever (Pamela). <br /> <br /> Season 3: Striking. In fact I liked the concept of books smarts vs. street smarts, but the cast was so terrible (it turned out that Trump hated the cast) that the whole season was a complete disaster. The best moment was the second episode (motel reconstruction), with Prime Minister Brian, a guy who brought nothing but the tremendous value of comedy. Season 4: A great season, a lot of fun and fun (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the complete disaster called Toral). "Take me to the Boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with a memorable four-shot firing. Unfortunately, I think we were robbed of the final match Randall vs. Alla. I think Trump was afraid she might win and prevent it from happening. Season 5: A tedious season that really does not have any special stuff. Brent was just embarrassed and apparently just there to make a drama. The tasks were terribly cumbersome (how does it do anything about the business?). I think the best man won, but I personally could not care less. Season 6: I see why they wanted to try LA as a new venue for the show but looked up that it was a mistake. New York will always be the place. This season has added so many new things, most of them were terrible (like losing a team to sleep out in tents, for example winning a PM). Tasks were terrible and Trump also picked the wrong winner. James deserves it, no doubt. Season 7: Celebrity edition. The best season ever. Totally different rules (like rolodex use), but all fun and fun. The biggest problem was that many of the contestants were not really celebrities, especially women I was not familiar with, except for Omarosa, who is utterly disgraceful about everything she is taking part in. It looked like Gene Simmon's season, but when Kodak's job became a complete fool, another shadow man appeared: Piers Morgan. Nobody ever had a dominant season like him. He crushed his opponents and also appeared as a guy with a great sense of humor (although some refugee Americans (not all Americans, of course, do not take me wrong) unfortunately did not have the social skills to understand it. Would you like to go on a journey? <br /> <br /> For fans, I highly recommend the British version where Sir Alan Sugar plays as boss. In fact, the British version is much better and it says something since American (and original) is really a great show. One thing about the British version is that contestants usually behave like decent people in the meeting room, as opposed to the constant shouting and rough behavior that takes place in the American version.
