An interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that a traditional job interview and curriculum do not necessarily predict teamwork, assignment and job assignments. And they certainly do not show any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of potential can be seen by job seekers in action, which is the "The Apprentice". People who are struggling for a company's position can pass a talk with a sugar coating and put on top of their best personality wear, but that may not necessarily be the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance. In short, "Apprentice" includes 16 job seekers who are applying for the best career opportunity: a position in the magnate investment firm Donald Trump. "Teacher" refers to a winner who wins a salary position, learns artistic bargaining with high stakes from the master himself, and is likely to gain the core business connection. The status is a dream-come-true for those who want to make more money than the GDP of some foreign countries. Because Trump attracts candidates, he displays his private plane, his private luxury flats full of sculptures and works of art, his limousines, his links to celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a billionaire tycoon. <br /> <br /> The path to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete with each other. Each of them has a common name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that include a business plan such as ad creation, sales of goods, or negotiation. Teams choose a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the manager may also become a goat goat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with just one or two days. Tasks can include creating a TV ad or print ad. Others may include sales in a retail store or on the street. Tasks bring the best and the worst to the participants. They often show who is the most dependable, who is the most reliable, and who works hard. And tasks also reveal who is not a good team player who is ineffective and who seems to be just for himself. Tasks unexpectedly reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and, in particular, the project manager. How well a manager communicates with a team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals, determines the outcome to a large extent, but does not necessarily predict the winner. The only most used aspect of one's potential is when he is assigned as a project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their own abilities, immediately appear through a veneer that can not be hidden by a silken tie of $ 100 or a beautiful person. Quality and / or weaknesses in leadership often become furious after a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as leaders are not always as strong as they get into the actual leadership situation. It is always easier to "clone your own corner" than actually join the leadership. Project managers, even those involved in winning teams, often do not create a coherent strategy. They often believe that diving from the deep end of the task in the first minute, rather than organizing a little time and discussing how the task will be completed, is more effective. More often than not, members of a poorly strategized team, such as headless chickens who realize it when they go, do not live long and lose much more time in the long run. The winning team gets a taste of high life, like eating dinner in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private flight and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team comes into dreaded advice, where Trump hears the excuses of members and tapes one or more contestants like pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You're Fired". Often the project manager is partly responsible for the loss of the team and may be the target of the accusing rhetoric of Trump. Every week, at least one person will be the victim of a lost team. <br /> <br /> My most popular aspect of "The Apprentice" is the meeting room. While the tasks themselves reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often brings the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one winning team and one lost team, even if the competition is close. Members of the lost team began to blame each other, often recklessly, on who is guilty. And sometimes it is burned by more than one person. I rarely see that a low-performance candidate will take responsibility for their lounge events. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were perhaps the only candidates who took full responsibility for the loss of their team and did not gain recognition for this unselfish act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the most integrated all the candidates. Trump, however, saw Kristi as weak and fired it, claiming she was not alone, which means that she values ​​ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice his integrity for that. Kristi Frank might not have been a disciple, but she could live with her because she knew she was innocently innocent. Is not that worth winning? The strength of the "Apprentice" is also its weakness. Since the team's performance is strictly rated by the winner and the losers, other options are overlooked. Avoiding tremendous differences between winning and loss-making teams, sometimes losing the team as an example of a high standard of team work and efficiency. I saw lost teams that sometimes appeared better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with the victory and the loss that we often overlook perfection.
