In this pool, in this pond, there are water lilies and there are frogs. Frogs sitting on water lilies. Frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming group with a touch on Floraine (Adele Haenel), the frog, the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates are avoiding their leader because the blonde, curvaceous and well-thought-out blonde brings a relaxed personality that hurts the synchronized idea of ​​a swimmer and his discipline. But Floraine has a secret; the bomb has a bomb that "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals visually to the viewer before Mary confides. <br /> <br /> Floraine never went, as they say, all the way with the boy. <br /> <br /> At the party we see a double image of the growing sexual bomb, which controls her makeup in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is the face of morgan. Marie recognizes Floraine's twins while her imitation breaks the water of the water lily. While the frog moves through the flies for appearances, it gets fragile with a nigger when nobody is looking. In the movie, the most striking scene is, the water lily agrees to frown her hand in the loss of her virginity through the mechanical effect of oral stimulation. Floraine wants a boy to like her, but she does not seem to like boys, but it's more important for a frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains frogs. A frog can not turn into a water lily or a princess because the water lily has lost respect for the frog. After their lips are unlocked, Floraine Marie says, "You see, it's easy," which is the way the frog compares her kiss with the orgasm her friend gave her as nothing but a ceremonial passage without attached strings. Beauty Floraine is a burden. He wears the expectation of meeting the boy. Florence uses Marie to have the final end before her face morgana puts her imitation in the dressing room. The second water lily, the second frog, best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated toy Francois (Warren Jacobs), like any water lily and frog, also has a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Mary for love, Francois uses Anna for sex. But that's life; it is a growing betrayal, in which even a boyfriend will appeal to his good friend if there is an opportunity to move into the food chain. At McDonalds, the water lily crosses the second water lily after bathing a lot in the frog is afterglow. Physical beauty is the currency. Marie gets shots because Anne, although far from being ugly, is overweight and has a harmless hairstyle. Anne tries to fight her breasts as a great retaliation (the magnifying glass of her Happy Food, by the way, reminds Marie of a flat chest), but the tiger (Marie thinks she is better than Anne better than a water lily) points out that her breasts are side by side fat product. <br /> <br /> Teenaged girls can be brutal to each other. <br /> <br /> Later in the final shot, Naissance des pieuvres suggests that Mary also has a double, and this symbiosis among the water lilies can become parasitic in the near future if they are not. Teenage girls can be brutal to each other so that no boy can cope.
