It sounds like Claude Monet's biography, but it's actually a highly focused story of relationships between three teenage girls in a French synchronized swimming team. There are neither parents nor teachers who talk, no school and boys are represented by one peripheral figure, the nasty Francois, who sets the story up from time to time and always remains confused. Pauline Aquart is the youngest of the three, aspiring to join the team he admires so much. It's a little weird. She is not yet of her youthful growth and has long, bony legs, big legs, and no excuses she talks about. She is prognathous and the sports these babies restrain her lips. After a while, her appearance grows on you and, from certain angles, she may appear charming. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, more physically developed. What a glamorous figure she drew out of her swimsuit, caressed and teased the boys, and crouched with long, blond hair. But it's not what it looks like. Or is she her? I could not quite come. The French have long paradoxes and short consistency. No wonder Francois still breathes her. <br /> <br /> There is not much ambiguity in Louse Blacher's character. She's also in the team, but she's stupid, clear and sensitive, and Francois is very fond of herself. Blacher is a good actress and contributes to the character's innocence thanks to her performance. The film deals with the relationship between these three, which means intrigues, scams, hidden feelings, and everything else we can do with young girls who spend a lot of time with them. This is, of course, a bad subject. During the gradual development of the homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele, it becomes much more difficult. Not that you should expect it to be a small pornographic movie. The only nudity we see is considerably less than turning on and how little sex is under the covers, sometimes literally. I do not think I want to get into the plot or analyze too much, partly because it's more suggestive than expressed through action, partly because it's complicated and partly because I'm not sure I have it all. <br /> <br /> Let me give you an example. Good. Adele is a girl that others depend on. She is also quite distant and content. In addition, it is obviously schtupping every boy and man to sight if they can be of any use to her at all, from the pretty but stupid Francois to the bus driver she wants a favor from. He reluctantly boasts of his experience with felam. When Pauline approached her to join the swim team, Adele uses her as an outlook when she is assigned to the boys. An excellent and suicidal narcissist, you know? But then the angry elephant takes Paulin's skinny under her wing and reveals Pauline that she is still a virgin. Really? Yes, indeed. Pauline is getting closer to Adele and Adel finally admits she'd like to get rid of her hymen, and she'd want Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, now sexually attracted to Adele, performs a quirky task. Now Adele would really like to get it with a man, preferably older and more experienced. So she takes Pauline to corn, dancing seductively with some guy until she goes to Pauline's powder room. The two girls standing there staring at each other without expressing sexual interest in the other. But Adele is so close that Pauline slowly releases her own reins, reaches up and kisses Adele's lips. Adele recedes, smiles and says, "It was not that bad now, was it?" And then he returns to the club. This is a pretty detailed description of what is going on between Pauline and Adele - but what the hell is going on? Initially, Adele treats Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, at last as a potential lover - and when Pauline answers, Adele leaves with satisfaction. Does Pauline use it as it seems to use a man? Is Adele satisfied to know that she has another person in involuntary slavery now? I do not know. Louise Blacher is a third member of a trio, a simple and over-matured chicken whose expression always implies stunning but at least thoroughly heterosexual and the first three to get rid of that noisy virginity, but I just omitted it for spatial reasoning. If you saw it? By all means. (Just compare it to a typical American film about universities.) For men who have never gone through a woman's mystique, they may have some idea of ​​how they look in the middle.
