Water Lilies is a great first film from France about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with a specialized, slightly disinfected material that is unspoiled for someone because it is appealing to others. The film focuses exclusively on three high school teenage girls in the upgraded new district of Paris. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool, where two of the three components of the synchronized water ballet are. Such distractions as parents, siblings, work, and school were neatly dealt with in the equation. Central sensitivity belongs to the attractive but furious Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not in the team but thinks she wants to be. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), an inviting blonde and a team figure the boys are doing. Marie is taking away from her former best friend, also a member of the Water Ballet Team, somewhat muddy Anne (Louise Blachère). Being less special Anne is really accessible to boys. Florian, like this movie, promises a bit more than she actually offers. Mary has a much better quality for a teenage girl: she suffers inside. Flroiane does not suffer so much as a jump into the situation and then wide. Mary is dazzled by the magic of the water ballet and Florian. Florian uses this to make Mary first of all her slave and the cover of her tasks, after she has no other friends, her confidant. All the other girls think that Florian is a slut, the illusion she supports in men and boys that irritate them because they are leading them. She suffers a pretty girl's fate that she is not a human but an object, and she can not withstand the confirmation that boys give her by wanting to kiss and send her, but she does not care about her and she does not know how to engage with them. He called Mary to act as her friend, so her (invisible) mother would not know she was going out with the boys, but Marie was also getting her to save her from boys later. It looked initially in the opposite direction, but Florian needs Mary just as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne is left with her discomfort with her body and the desire to be laid that is more extreme and much more realistic than other girls. <br /> <br /> Keeping all the outdoors in the bay, Sciamma can highlight fine shifts in a gentle equation from the goals and interactions of three girls. On the other hand, the water madness of the movie, which involves a lot of showering and spitting, as well as swimming underwater, causes it to sometimes feel completely airless and some of its 95 minutes do not go so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and lets the trio ever forget about its still-present goals and avoidance and just making silly, pointless girl things. These are the moments that give life to film; too bad that he is not more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of his obsession, and what remains when one leaves theater is personality and dynamism. On the way, of course, it's nice to watch swimming and watch the girls who naturally like to head for themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great apparition or drama on the way, but things are a little more interesting when it turns out that Mary not only admires but really wants Florian and is jealous of her friends - who Florian always stops before they go whole journey. In the typical irony of this kind of conspiracy, Florian really decides she wants to have her first real sex with Mary - but Marie is the one who holds because she knows that Florian will not have the meaning of having her. When it happens, it's a shy, mechanical matter. Meanwhile, Anne has a great deal of effort on Francois (Warren Jacquin), a swimmer, but of course she is after Florian. The boys are not an element that has been subtracted and there are always a few dozen pools prepared or on the dance floor, but they are only bodies and cheeks available with buttons.
