These types of films about young teenagers fighting with their own sexuality were something unique and courageous and courageous a few years ago, but more and more films like this have been done over the last few years, making it hard to make movies really out of the question. This film has also received little publicity besides the usual small film festivals that featured this small French film as well as the big festivals that always like such small films about everyday themes that are not treated too often in movies. The film was held in Cannes in 2007 and actually received some awards. <br /> <br /> The film does not actually express itself from the others because it's actually a little new when you've already seen some similar movies like this, but that does not really mean that "Naissance des pieuvres" is bad, which will look. The film is certainly a good patrol that works well on its subject and tells its story constantly, and therefore efficiently, with a rather slow French film pace. It is a film that is approaching the age that focuses on the life of predominantly three completely different middle teens. Sexuality is a great subject in the film, which behaves gently and gently. It makes the film and its story quite a fairly realistic one, though perhaps a little predictable because the film does not offer quite enough original enough in its genre. This type of French film is likely to scare off a lot of people because they probably expect it to be very nice, with deep layers and meanings. "Naissance des pieuvres" is a very accessible movie for everyone and you really do not have to be in Euro-teen movies to appreciate this movie. It is a sweet and somewhat sensual kind of film, due to its subject and visual approach. The film also makes actors realistic, who have not had much experience in the film, but are in their roles an authentic look and feel. Strong individual characters give the film some beautiful motifs and good moments. <br /> <br /> A good movie about his theme. <br /> <br /> 7/10
