The significance of the French title of La Naissance des Pieuvres, which literally means "octopus birth," is somewhat unclear, so maybe it's not surprising that it was sold in English-speaking countries like "Water Lilies". The "Lily" of the English title are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, members of a synchronized swim team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is "The Advent of the Age" drama about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One of the elements of a movie, perhaps unusual for a movie of this type, is that it focuses exclusively on relationships between young people. We do not see any of their parents or their teachers, and the adult world at all. The three girls have a very different look and are shown as very different. You shy, retiring Mary is slim and tiny and she seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is something like ordinary Jane, Florian, a charming blonde who is very popular with boys. The three, together with the handsome masculine swimmer named Francois, are involved in what could be termed love fourfold. Anne fell in love with Francois, but he is defeated by Florian, who seems to return to his affection, though he is by no means a male admirer. In fact, not all admirers of Florian are men, because Mary is afraid of her attractive girlfriend. The film maps the way in which their friendship develops; at first, it seems that Florian simply uses Mary as an appropriate excuse when she actually goes with the boys; her parents are likely to object to their boys, but they do not object to going with their friends. Later, however, we realize that despite Florian's image as a sexy, popular girl who is always the center of man's attention, she really meets the feelings of Mary. The film reverses some common stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather a minor technique, looks like a "butch", yet she is the only one of the three main characters who are clearly heterosexual, while more conventional female Marie and the charming Florian are lesbian or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Coming movies are often common, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial topic of teen lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, is sensitive to her subject, with three very good performances from her three major actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blacher. Relationships between characters, especially between Marie and Florian, are complex and capable of many interpretations. (Is Floriane, for instance, simply using Mary for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Would Floriane's sad will with Francois and the other boys be a means to conceal her lesbian feelings from the outside world - hide them apart?) It was the first film, created by her young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); on this basis it must be considered a very promising newcomer. 7/10
