The original name means "Octopus Birth". I have to admit I do not quite understand this title. The English name is "Water Lilies". But after I wrote it, I read a comment from another user: "The title in French is also suggestive:" Straw "or octopus, suggesting that an individual must juggle many pressures at the same time." Thanks for the explanation. The basic theme is the first sexual emotion of girls when it is not clear whether they are aimed at the same or different sex. It is not different for the boy. I think both Florian and Marie will eventually have heterosexual feelings without any admixture. <br /> <br /> A lot of the movie is a water ballet. Sometimes the girls will have their heads down and nothing above water, except for their legs and lower their legs with which they will wave and kick in the air. For people like me who have never seen such things before, it was fascinating. - Floriane is the leader of a team of "water lilies". Marie tells her that she wants to see when Floriane is training. It seems to be their first contact, which is not just common. Soon they will walk together. Florian takes Mary to the garage, where a boy is waiting for her, and then leaves with him for an hour while Mary waits for her to return. I took it for granted that the couple slept with the others. But later on, we will learn from the movie that they are doing less than that. <br /> <br /> I can supply some information that few users find elsewhere. There is a scene in which Mary secretly stole Florian's garbage bag. It finds an apple, mostly eaten. And Marie continues to eat the rest. ??? There is a parallel scene in another film, "Kazetachi no gogo" (Afternoon Breezes) by Hitoshi Yazaki (Japan, 1980). These are young adult women and a clearly lesbian woman is vainly in love with a heterosexual woman. She also steals the beloved waste bag, and also finds more or less eating an apple and eating the rest. <br /> <br /> Later Florian tells Mary she wants her first orgasm from her. Marie says she can not do it. <br /> <br /> But even later, Marie says she is really willing to do it. And she masturbates on Florian. There is no nudity on this scene. Probably only a female director could do such a gentle psychological show or study ??? I would like to quote Baudelaire, "Les amours enfantines". Floriane plays Adèle Haenel, who has performed excellently as an autistic girl in The Little Devils by Christophe Ruggia (2002). ? very underestimated film.
