I watched SHORE LEAVE the next day. I've seen it so many times, and I'm never tired of it. It's strange, every time I look at it late, it's right back when I saw it for the first time. Including this time. It must be the sense of secrecy and "What's going on here?" about. <br /> <br /> Strange, one part of the story, which I always felt unpleasant and unpleasant, this time had a great deal to me - Ruth. I think a lot of that was Gerald Fried's score. Real masterpiece! The Romantic part was re-used - much more extensively - in this side of paradise. But of course, it debuted here. I have the impression that all the girls Kirk knew in those years may have been "sweetest." When she said, "Do you have to go?" In combination with the music, I really felt the pain she felt she could not stay with her. Someone commented online that Ruth looked older than he, but he was not age-old in 15 years. Which thinks ... Maybe she was one of the teachers at the academy. Kirk had a relationship with an older woman! (Maybe he thought in "MIRI" when Janice said, "I never deal with older women." Maybe he thought, "... already." Reading ST examines the next day, I see where someone compares WHAT YOU ARE LITTLE GIRLS MADE OF? I, MUDD, but it seems SHORE LEAVE should be there too. Who are all those "people" if not the android? And could "Caretaker" to "old" from an earlier episode? is it seems to be one of the Rare cases in ST where you have a race that is actually "superior", in contrast to the fact that they only think they are. Yeoman Barrows seems to be Yeoman Rand is needed Because Dr McCoy looked so much to her, it's just another frustrating example of a potentially good character who will never and never ever appear! / <br /> <br /> <br / > One thing I've been missing from the last few I've watched I come back here, Spock smiles, they're going on, rather than a "submerged" deal. he said, "Enjoy yourself, sir." At the beginning, it was obvious that it was not just his address to his superior, but talking to his friend. And finally, when he says unnecessarily: "Totally illogical!", I can not help, but I think he's doing it just to provoke the reaction. Maybe he does not smile or laugh, but I think he likes to see his colleagues in the crew around him happy.
