This is the story; many Trek fans do not rate it as well as the well-known classic episodes because they lack the deep meaning or undertone of the really big ones, but this is so well done for what it is, as successful as pure fun, it always makes my personal list of the best half a dozen episodes , no matter what mood I am. Several well-known future films ("Westworld") and television shows (the more insignificant Fantasy Island) presumed this episode (then, of course, the TNG show has transformed the concept with holodeck technology). A beautifully shot film (especially distinct in a reconstructed version and on a DVD), and directing takes place in the pleasant setting of the planet's parquet that the Enterprise has just arrived. It is strange that there is no animal life or insects (like flowers, for example), but things become really strange when the landing party members begin to see people from their past (Kirk has a tough past, it turns out) as well as characters from other famous fantastic stories. Sulu even finds an old police revolver (no doubt adds to his collection of swords). To this point in the Trek series (in the middle of the first season), the main characters were basically found to be stuck in the old friends we met for many years. Here we really see how they relax, converse, and work together to find out that this is an episode: Strong narrative is once again a mystery, and the audience is on their way because Kirk and his friends are trying to uncover the very bizarre series of events they have definitely fun taste. It is almost moody, following a carefree style based on spacecraft, because Kirk was eventually maneuvered into indignation after showing clear signs of stress and fatigue (the company had, as indicated, just completed a horrendous mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on horseback; Yes, this is Dr. McCoy's last episode ... I'm just kidding. But it's no joke with other landing parties at this moment of the story. McCoy is really dead for all reasons and goals and as well as the best episodes of Trek, the other half of this adventure emerges into a more raging and desperate pace of intervention and tension. All this is signaled by Kirk's decisive answer to Sulu, who says he has no doubts about any of these events just after McCoy's death - Kirk gets to the bottom of everything, he's coming to what he can. , Kirk is not going to make it much easier, which is probably the longest-running mano-a-mano series fight like Kirk tussles with his nemesis of his academic days, a match that seems to be taking place over half the planet. Nevertheless, it is balanced by scenes of extraordinary sensitivity, with another of the previous known Kirks. This episode triggers a whole host of human experiences, rather in light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It's nice that the script really explains everything that happened, in contrast to some absurd approach that penetrates many other fantasy and sci-fi series with similar lines of plot (unexplainable speeches of people who could not be there). And there is actually the story of the story - that we humans need to "work" out of our tension and fatigue in a certain way, or simply do not work "normally" in a natural way. Also note the look of the very cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, which did not return until the first Trek movie in 1979. I believe that after this episode even more fans of the trek could not wait for the next look of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with the ultimate, perhaps, puzzling idea: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know he was our real McCoy who returned to the ship? Maybe it explains why McCoy a hundred years later looked at spacecraft and helped Date very well.
