Hollow Man starts out as a brilliant but bad scientist, Doctor Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) is finally working on how to see things clearly after his own serum has turned invisible. They test the serum on the already invisible Gorilla, and it works perfectly, Caine and his assistant team celebrate, but while reporting a breakthrough to their military rescuers, Caine wants to be the first invisible person. He can persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, but when he tries to return, the serum fails and remains invisible. The team desperately seeks antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose its grip on reality when she realizes the power she has but can not use to be trapped in the lab. But then he is invisible again, he can do anything he wants ... Director Paul Verhoeven I liked Hollow Man. You know it's after Christmas, I saw it a few hours late at night / early in the morning on cable television, and the worst of all I felt was wrong, not for the movie, but because of the chocolate and sparkling pop that I had for the past week, so I'll have this brief. Andrew W. Marlowe's scenario has a decent pace, but he gets a bit on Wednesday and has a good central presumption, he needs a basic idea that invisibility will spread like you did in the original Invisible Man (1933) that Hollow Man obviously owes. It is managed to have a small successful mix of horror, sci-fi & action and provides good entertainment for 110 minutes. I thought the figure was okay, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, even though I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not care about gentleness, the first thing the invincible Caine has to do is sexually bother one of his teams, and then when he enters the outside world, Caine has a rape woman with the justification of "who will know" that Caine says himself. Then there is, of course, the gore, showing that the rat is torn, and that's just the opening scene of the credit so that it is fair that the violence is a bit more scattered, but it still has a pretty nasty and sadistic tone. I said I love horror / gore / exploitation films, so Hollow Man adds to me, it's just that it does not have to be every cup of tea. Director Verhoeven does a great job, or it should be special effects, boys to look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less flawless, their brilliant & it's just as straightforward and straightforward. There are also some good horrors and action set-pieces, even though the climate fight is a little over-top. I love the effect that Kevin Bacon will disappear in one layer at a time full of veins, organs and bones on a full show, or when it happens with Gorilla. There are several bloody moments, including the rats that are eating, someone is strangled on the tip, and someone has an open head with the result of bleeding. With a stunning budget of about $ 95,000,000, Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can imagine DVD conversations, where some special boffin effects say they mapped the entire body of Bacon up to the last vein they actually did because you know that everyone who watches, would have noticed that one of his veins is missing or in a bad position. what? The acting was fine, Bacon made himself a good mad scientist of a guy-type anti-hero. Hollow Man is one of the big budget snakes of Hollwood extravaganzas, where the effects and actions are in the spotlight over any meaningful story or character but are brutally honest sometimes we like it in the movie, I know well that I am doing. Good solid big budget entertainment with a slightly more demanding and darker stripe than the usual Hollywood product that is definitely worth seeing.
