It seems that many IMDB commentaries on this movie are biased, in the sense that they try to compare with the older version. It is true that "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of the kind of "INVISIBLE HUMAN", but that's where the similarity ends. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, a period. If you're watching the movie with the intention of finding the most defects, then you should not watch movies in the first place. It is true that some movies are just horrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" can talk and think what you would do if you were invisible and if you had your former life with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon plays as an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of co-workers, discovers a way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to see them again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you probably think, for the Pentagon) think they have a formula for animal recognition again, Kevin Bacon voluntarily first tries a new experimental drug. Of course, things go wrong because Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the movie and is obliged to wear a latex mask so his co-workers know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take Kevin's character, and when he finds out that his former girlfriend and co-worker (Elisabeth Shue) has a cruel affair with another young scientist in the team, he is finally going. The film then turns into hybrid "ALIEN" and fragility, but it does not say it's a bad turn. There are fears and chills, and the movie moves at a good pace. Special effects are top quality (always prevalent in all of Paul Verhoeven's films) when we look at some sequences of "body reconstruction" that have never been seen on the film. If there is anything to complain, perhaps the predictability of the situations in this document may be; in the first hour of the movie you know that Kevin's bacon makes a leap of being weird and eccentric for being a murderous madman. And the end is somewhat sudden, but despite that, HOLLOW MAN is worth watching. If you want to find out what is really a bad movie then you will lose money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * of 10 *!
