In 2006, AMPAS awarded one of the most innovative wildlife documentaries in the coldest place on Earth, which was the movie March of the Penguins, which was published by actor Morgan Freeman, who received an academic award. <br /> <br /> Walt Disney Studios has a monopoly on the animated circuit for decades. They took their stalks on live action film making and it was hit and miss everywhere over the deck. Disney then formed the Disneynature division and released her first feature film, Earth. It is absolutely one of the most relevant and informative documents I have seen long ago. Spoken by the great James Earl Jones, Earth does not offer anything new to anyone who has been watching Discovery Channel for the past five years, or closely watching the global warming crisis. The country is deeply concerned with this issue and takes a very liberal approach to the subject. Allows an emotional connection with nature that I have not experienced before. It also shows not only the beauty and mysterious parts of our beautiful planet, but also the disturbing and disturbing aspects it often brings. It's one thing when you look at "Mufasa" falling from a cliff into the street or Bambi's mother firing a hunter in the middle of a forest. Everything is good, because at the end of the movie we know it's just a movie. It shows penguins, polar bears, elephants, all types of families, all social strata living and dying in their natural habitats. These real things make a real movie experience. Though a little heavy on the graphic nature of the film (which many people disagree), Earth is a touch experience. There is a stunning cinematographic work here with an excellent camera team and an amazing score by George Fenton. Compared to March Penguins or Grizzly Man, it does not mean anything at all, but it is great in itself. At the end of the day, you're getting awards on our planet and some sadness, as many of us will probably never get to the places we'll see in the movie. We live here, but it is as if we have never explored a planet for one reason or another. Earth is beautiful. <br /> <br /> *** / ****
