First is the release date of 2009, not 2007 for this documentary. It should be more appropriately referred to as "Earth 2009". Secondly, let me deal with the complaints of some reviewers who saw the TV series "Planet Earth" in 2006. I did not see this TV series, but I learned that this film is the full length of this TV series in 2006. I judge any film, on his own merits, not on his sources. The results of the evaluation itself and the results of "Country 2009" are really excellent. I reject this trivial complaint from some reviewers: it's just a widespread version of the 2006 TV series "Planet Earth." No what? No matter. <br /> <br /> As a film fan and a person who saw in my life dozens of natural documents, I was amazed and amazed by the "Earth 2009". This is the debut film of the new DisneyNature Disney division, and continues the footsteps of the Walt Disney documentary and documentary films from the 1950s and 1960s that won the Academy. Cinematography, film editing, music scores, sound and narrative are excellent. In these categories, other natural documents also excelled. What really sets "Earth, 2009" is its "range". It literally covers the entire planet covering all seven continents. After his first glance, it was clear that this documentary requires huge effort and the amount of time and talent to create. <br /> <br /> Three production companies were obliged to make this amazing documentary film. Country 2009 convincingly tells stories about four species about their large migrations, the season beginning in January and ending in December, from the North Pole to the South Pole. Two special new high-tech cameras were used for this film: one camera has a 360 ° computer-controlled motorized rotation lens, and the other is a HD camera set to an amazing thousand frames per second. This film technology has really added drama and beauty to some "Earth 2009" scenes, especially cheetahs and big white sharks leaping out of the water to catch sea lions and an aerial view across the edge of the highest waterfall in the world. There are many amazingly beautiful shots in this documentary. Cinematography, musical score and narrative are drama, sadness, humor and great beauty in this documentary. Thanks to the great musical score of the world-renowned Berlin Philharmoniker, excellent creative and technical cinematography and James Earl Jones's narrative, I consider "Earth 2009" the biggest length documentary of the full length. <br /> <br /> Five years of hard work, patience, talent and dedication are very well worth doing here. This film should be sought in all schools around the world. Above all, I predict the Best Documentary Prize. Really amazing, amazing, exciting, and wonderful documentary film. <br /> <br /> Very recommended
