This is the story of the film of nature. Porn, I do not mean sex. I mean unreasonable pictures (for example) of thousands of birds together or hundreds of walruses or a huge waterfall or glacier. Several films in the movie seem to exist only to get into a trailer to see people in the theaters for ten seconds before they disappear so they can not be seen again for the rest of the movie. > <br /> There is almost no story in this movie. He said he was expecting a story about three animal families, "better than penguins in March", he just does not give the film. The guilt lies in three key areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones the worst lines that have been told in natural history film history, (2) a musical team that dramatically overwhelmed everything to tell you what you should feel, the film can not motivate, and ultimately, but most importantly (3) editors who have a story jumped from place to place without a rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flowing, sucking life from the whole movie - a film about life. When we got to the whales halfway through the film, I sank in my place with horror and hoped the hope that the film would be more than halfway and that I would be able to survive the long test of endurance along with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was no science in the movie. They attributed the hot and cold (not just the period) to the inclination of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even more extremes from place to place if there was no inclination because the poles would never bend. And it would be the worst if we did not rotate (relative to the revolution) like Mercury, because half the planet would bake and the other half would freeze. Then, near the end, they used the phrase "humans and animals", as if humans were not animals, somehow excluded from the laws of nature. So much for science. But I have to admit to working with the camera, and that's why I called this kind of porn. Everything, from super slow motion to what looks fine-tuned mechanically controlled time lapse photography, has been used to provide some (and me cautiously, only "some") stunning moments that increase bar compared to other natural movies. That means I'm not convinced that it was all nature on the screen. Some of the shots that show that Africa is a great irrigation hole as it changes from season to season seemed like CGI. The director could have expected such a suspicion and made more pictures to prove that it was all natural, but they did not do it. For the film about Earth, I expected much more Earth to be displayed. What we saw was intact. We had to accept the narrator's word that some species are at risk because of climate change. They did not show us. They did not show us that Albert is poisonous ponds visible from the universe. They did not show us a big Pacific basket. They did not show us a night image of human light pollution around the planet. There is so much Earth as anything else. Why are you hiding it for a pleasant feeling? <br /> <br /> My last critic of content is remodeling. Whenever a predator who actually caught the booty appeared on the screen, the music almost turned into the Mt Doom scene from the Lord of the Rings, the predator looking like some of Sauron's ultimate evil character. But predators are not evil. They perform the necessary service and ensure that the best members of the prey survive. We are prey to ourselves. Whenever the predator caught the prey, we immediately cut off from something else, pretending that death and food really would not happen. The final insult was that the "daddy" of the polar bear remained dead after he dared to try to eat. "Bad Bear, Wrong!" You almost hear them saying. <br /> <br /> At the presentation itself. My theater may be partly blamed for it, but maybe not. I expected to see something with greater clarity than I saw on my HDTV LCD at home. But the picture was blurred and was presented in the same ratio of 16: 9 that I could get home, instead of a wider ratio that is coming in many movies these days. During one action scene close to the end, the movie (which I can not imagine being digitized as it sounds) was damaged and we lost a few colors that eventually completely blackened. This was repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they actually build a tree behind me, it will be worth it. But how do I know?
