A spoiler warning is for those people who want to see themselves, the animals and the landscape are going through their eyes, even if I do not detail it. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is approx. 90-minute version of the cinema based on the "planet Earth" I watched on BBC TV. The television version was told by David Attenborough, the charming commentator I wished he did for "Earth", but Patrick Stewart, star Trek is Captain Picard. There are regular shots of Earth from outer space, so it may be appropriate. In any case, she has a nice and quiet voice. There are 12 chapters in which we are looking at animal life on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animals, polar bear, elephant and whale appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far it is from the North Pole or the Equator. We see something from every animal, but only mammals and birds, some fish and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, desert and jungle, almost perfect presentation of the diversity of life and landscapes and climate on earth. You get the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people or towns or cities are not in the film, so it's a typical natural documentary but amazingly shot and accompanied by gorgeous music. When the movie opened, I knew it would end too soon. It's a family movie, so no brutal killing of animals. When someone is caught by a hunter, the shot ends, and in other cases when we see that prey is caught, it is a slow shot that makes it less violent and observable for young children (age 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is excreted. Some scenes (emerging animals) are really cute and children will be adored. It looks like an ordinary movie of nature, but when you know how many guns did (4,000) and how much money it cost, it becomes even more amazing beauty. Yesterday, it was the Dutch premiere, a month before its release, in a cinema with a capacity of 500 seats, of which 15 were adopted. True beauty is rarely interesting to the audience, as it seems. As I knew the TV series, I was naturally very curious to get my favorite scene into this movie. Some did not do it, but the most amazing shots (great waterfalls) fortunately. It was the first time I'd wept in nature.
