I have heard nothing but great things about the 2006 "TV Planet Earth" television miniseries, which my child idol David Attenborough tells me. However, whether it was in Australia or not, I never did, and when I became an opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)'? full-length compilation of the same shooting? on a big screen I jumped to a chance. The theater was essentially empty; only one other patron sat in a row ahead of me and it was as if I had not only a big screen for myself but the whole planet Earth. In 90 minutes I got into the beauty and danger of isolated wilderness, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured in the movie. Amazing in its scope and yet painfully intimate, "Earth" is a warm wish of the creators to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and how the disruption of humans has been placed on the verge of countless famous animal and plant species of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, apparently argues for keeping the wilderness, prevents us from hitting our heads with propaganda, and the puzzle that is politics is totally ignored; There is no human at all. Instead, we simply embark on a breathtaking journey into the magnificence of the natural world to experience the resilience and fragility of life on Earth. I have heard that the original mini-series that has taken place for eleven episodes will delve deeper into the scientific environment of the world's ecosystems, but I think the creators have made a wise decision to replace the information with an emotional impact: I remember how I felt last so inspired at the same time totally interrupted simultaneously. By creating an emotional bond between viewers and selected individual animals, by their anthropomorphism to a large extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of every kind, and their hopeless survival situation becomes less statistically and more unacceptable tragedy. The country basically consists of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it be a fight for polar bears that drives their young chicks on ice in the Arctic forest, or an elephant herd tramp to save the seasonal flood waters of the Okavango delta. The documentary documents the delicate balance between life and death, the most exposed in desperate ballet by the predator-prey interaction. Although occasionally, perhaps because of the young audience, the shots are reduced in critical moments, I regularly get rid of the tears of irreversible death in nature and a raw instinct that helps the ultimate hopeless survival efforts of these animals. It is even the ghostly beauty that appears in hunting, both in slow shots of cheetahs that reduce their prey (the result of a single fatal misfortune), or the majestic leap of a great white shark surrounded by an unfortunate sea lion. This delicate balance has been fatally disturbed by the selfishness of its own. In addition to these main stories, we also treat short excerpts of wildlife from around the world, including Papua New Guinea birds and autumn migration of demoisel cranes. Of course, all films could be devoted to these species and the inevitable consequence of having to go through so many shots is that some interesting ecosystems are overlooked very quickly. By choosing to concentrate most on polar bear, elephant and whale bum ?? watching their lifestyle over some amazing high-definition time-lapse photography, throughout the entire calendar year? the creators have avoided any structural problems that might result from having so much to show, and only 90 minutes to show it. That's why "Earth" let me thirst more, and fortunately, I have about eleven more hours as soon as I find a copy of the DVD box for "Earth Earth." Growing and torn, amazing and hearty excitement, "Earth" is a truly spectacular documentary experience and it may be just my favorite film of 2007.
