The city hall adopts a city policy rather than a country, state, or any other major political table. He realized that he is shining in New York, a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but it is still a smaller scale, and the microscope is attached to several key players in the city scandal that was overwhelmed by the right-wing mayor. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very well acquainted with the thriller elements that made Mercury Rising, Malice and Home Disorders, and I think in many ways incorporating so many Formula Thriller genres that it's almost a mistake. I think town hall is a political trajectory, not a thriller, but instead of everything being said and done, and once you get to the meat and potatoes of the film, it feels and looks like a thriller, but decent with a very important part of the recipe, which immediately protrudes him ... what else ... or more who ... Al Pacino. The film begins by offering you a really good look at life in the mayor's office and in the city's inner workings. As the film continues, it broadens its political spectrum to include the Democratic boss and his relationships, and then we get acquainted with some steps within the city. As the events unfold, the mystery begins and the political aspect is a bit in the background, but it still has brilliant settings. <br /> <br /> Absolutely hate to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE did not perform well, how can I ever say it? That man acts like a king. It's just something brilliant about his whole behavior. In the Town Hall, Pacino is the mayor of New York City. It has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears to be a very sincere politician. It also provides one of the most powerful and straightforward speeches I've ever seen at the James Bone funeral. Again I followed this speech four times, and for the first time I watched Pacino giving it, opened my mouth and almost wanted to stand up and clap. His greatly written and greatly delivered Pacino. John Cusack, who I really enjoy as an actor, is slowing down and overtaking performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. It's a little focus of the movie and his and Pacino have good chemistry together when they're on the screen, but there's just something in this show ... they seem to be trying too hard. His accent is simply bizarre, and although he should be hideous and intimidating, it does not seem to pull it off. Maybe he had a movie. Bridget Fonda, on her way out of her deep star, is fine as a lawyer for police widow Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack because she just does not seem to find her groove with this character. Danny Aiello is awesome, though his character is a bit scrutinized as a mafia-led democratic boss Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent portrait of a judge under Walter Stern's control. The problem with the City Hall is evident in my list of characters and actors. Everyone is okay. There are plenty of stories that they try to do without actually showing it and unfortunately leaves you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And, of course, you have a little supportive role in Al Pacino, but it's absolutely great for it and it lags and overshadows every other actor in the movie. They almost feel as if they are intimidated by being on the screen with them. So the City Hall could have been this huge political epic drama / thriller, but it felt as though it had been truncated and tinted up to the average course of the mill. But it still needs to be seen for Pacino and another shot of the internal policy work. If you do not see this movie, find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral because the word electrifying does not seem to do justice to it, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in the average movie, this tongue pulls out and you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cusack, who I ... is definitely better, but he is the main character and everything he gets justice. A decent film, but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
