The film deals with a classical theme. In fact, this is a topic that Batman uses from start to finish, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, appreciated and very careful and dynamic to get a project a bit faster than usual, puts some pressure from some private business vendors on the criminal drug dealer to be sent and kept in jail, and he will get the judge to do so to release him from the probation period, despite a negative probation report that disappears but is not destroyed, and only because of the political value it represents. And what happens will happen and a few people, including a black schoolboy, are killed by a shot between a police detective and this criminal. The city may explode because of: the racial strain due to the black school boy and the social tensions due to the uncertainty that such criminals who can move and continue in criminal activity are public. Obviously, this film does not seem very good and continues to investigate the First Deputy Mayor who wants to find the truth and find out. But a few witnesses are killed and those who play a role in the whole business are forced to retire (judge), end their careers and life (contractor or contractor go between), a civil servant ready to provide a missing probation report and a certain shadowy nature after providing some vital information. The mayor leaves alone and has a long vacation; But the main concern of the film is the exploration of the extortionists that the mayor does to calm down the problem and the restraint he recovers he has done in the past, leading to an error in this probation case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray, which is never pleasant for decision-makers, is provoked as an excuse for wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises to reach some consensus in some areas that are essential to the public interest. We speak of the lesser importance of making a bad decision about a minor or allegedly minor criminal than about any infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is true in every mayor's office. It is much more significant in terms of quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area, such as New York and, of course, in a city or country where police are municipal and governed by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor has so pushed the old mayor and derailed his ambition to become governor of New York to become president of the United States. Mayor is perfect due to the embodiment that Al Pacino offers because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with one facial expression that renders the dialogue useless. I think the end was slightly crazy when the former deputy mayor fought in his own name. He seems to have been so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Therefore, he is not better than everyone else, just too young in his ambition. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
