I read negative comments before I was watching this movie and did not want it, and continued watching it. I admit that I have to overturn several times, because the film is incredibly complex, complicated and full of details. This is a good thing, but also quite unexpected in this culture of automobile persecution, explosions, gratuitous sex and general violence that replace the fiction and character development. In reality, however, what kind of welcome departure I have so accustomed to not paying much attention to what I am looking at. <br /> <br /> This movie is full of character and line fence; the kind we analyzed when I was in high school. Requires real obsession from the viewer. What a nice change. I want to compare it with "all presidential men" in terms of general subjects. This means that it is a secret about intense misconduct by elected officials and people with sufficient influence on officials who are essentially "own". <br /> <br /> Unlike "all men's presidents", this film tries to put some characters of a true personality. In this sense, he is a feature film character like "The Negotiatior" with Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In this film, their characters are both urban staff and the site is extremely intense. Still, the plot depends on their characters' ability to cooperate, trust each other, and ultimately join the corrupt police department. There are more firearms in this movie, and the specific fence is different, but there are many similarities in general. <br /> <br /> I will say that the City Hall needs much more concentration. In fact, it occurred to me how parallel it was to the past and current political scandals I had seen in Watergate. The point is that the public knows something is wrong! but it's hard to do after details. This film is not as close as it would be as complex as real life, but it is realistic for life in its complexity. I think this is one of the reasons why the previous posters of the film criticized: unrealistic expectations. If one looks at what he is about to see and is based on experience, it's really great! I followed it three times in a row! The game is excellent and the direction is flawless. The weakest link is the accent of John Cusak.
