Wow ... another 5 hours Riget. Lars continues with a great combination of occult, dark horror and soap operas. Capturing exactly where the last episode of the previous series ended (completed with the same intensity and tension, although it does not last for better or worse), this installation in the concession seems somewhat more curved ... in the last series it seemed that between each episode passes a day or a week, while there is a clearly long stretch ... where one episode ends, another begins. Lars von Trier can be a lot ... but it is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both properties are shown in this. The plot continues in its perfection, now it gives more attention to several regular characters who were smaller players in the previous four episodes. Basically, every character from the first one returns, at least as far as the main roles are concerned. The stimulation is not as sharp as in the first part, and I found out that I did not keep up with this. This does not mean that it did not mean that, although ... I was still moving and I responded strongly, often loudly, to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior because I am an incredibly quiet man ) as I was also during the first. Just as the first one brings some of the charged ethical issues. Starting from the foundation from the first, it brings the story further ... and is a sequel, the range is also bigger. Grander. More spirits, more bizarre events, more subplots. The strong graphic material of the former also returns, and it was kicked out. Characters are further developed. The game is amazing first. Udo Kier consolidates his tremendous talent for anyone who doubts it. He plays a very difficult character (everybody who saw the first series, most likely find out what I mean) * and * works in a language that he did not speak (later called) ... and still passes such a powerful performance. Cinematography remains great and is still very handy, with rapid magnification and occasional long duration. The editing is sharp, with several straight cuts of the sound (though these were more prominent in the first). Now, with what I said, I would really like to rate this perfect 10 ... or at least just below, as well as the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and last but not least, I do not regret it. But it has shortcomings ... those with the first part and others. First, humor just takes too much space ... and this is even worse. There are several new regular characters that are not there for any other reason than to provide comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set and done for no other reason than to laugh at the audience. Good for comedy, but what makes it so dark and unpleasant, yes, barely sadistic, horror? Helmer's solitary mysterious shelter of solitude has changed from a hospital roof ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... into the bathroom. With an angle from the bowl. No, you are reading it correctly. In general, humor seems to be rather weaker ... more sex and jokes about bodily function, which again raises the question "Why?". While most of the writing is excellent, some of them are terrible. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (one would argue because of their popularity when it was broadcast). Sometimes it seems the drama is somewhat bombastic than the first, and sometimes it jumps too much. Luckily, but rarely, but remarkably, they draw points and objects too easily (a certain figure living in Denmark for no obvious reason, for example ... anyone who saw it knows what I'm talking about). Both dishwashers, even though they are still mysterious and tasteless, are too three times ... too overexposed, after all, I think. Most scenes with them are still nice. Besides, I want to reassure every reader that despite all the negative things I have just written, it is still mostly good ... definitely pleasant, convincing, strong ... and in my humble opinion it should surely be seen by everyone, who liked the first (although it belongs to this group, do not expect the story to be completed after watching it more than you did after the first). I recommend it to every fan Lars von Trier and everyone who enjoys the first Riget and wants more of where he comes from. I'm pouncing on someone who even thinks to make sure you saw everyone first before you do it ... I bought it before I bought the first one, but I watched when I bought my first and watched, and I can not tell you how glad I did it. Although this contains a brief summary of the events at first, there are a huge amount of details and aspects that you would not want if you did not see it before you looked at it. A slightly smaller sequel, but certainly one that looks to see if you like the first one. 8/10
