Being a New Yorker transplant, I can be more critical than most of the City Hall. But I have to say that before I got to the story, I was attracted by the place of shooting and the political atmosphere of New York created by director Harold Becker. For example, there is a link to the Woerner's Restaurant in Brooklyn, where Frank Anselmo, the political chief, liked to eat. There was or was Woerner's restaurant on Remsen's street in Brooklyn's center when I lived in New York in 1996. It was in fact especially favored by the political people in Borough, even though they had some other hangouts. <br /> <br /> No surprise, as the script was co-authored by Nicholas Pileggi, who still writes stories about political and organized crime. He knows the atmosphere and certainly knows how these two worlds are crossing, as in this film. The detective, played by Nestor Serrano, goes to an unofficial meeting with a relative of Anthony Franciosa's boss, things have exploded and three people ended up dead, including an innocent 6-year-old boy whose father went to school. The story about the mushrooms and the end is reached within the town hall itself. Al Pacino plays mayor John Pappas and John Cusack is his deputy mayor of Louisianan transplantation, a state that has a tradition of corruption itself. He is the outsider and tries to control the damage, Cusack finds more than negotiated, Danny Aiello plays Brooklyn Political Chief Frank Anselmo and for you of New York, his character is based on the late quarter of President Queens Donald Manes, who was also reduced by scandal. It is such a kind of Brooklyn politics that I learned about Aiella on a day when friendship with organized crime and courtesy was granted to them. The Town Hall was a farewell imagination of Anthony François, one of the most underestimated and underestimated talent ever on the screen. No one sees anyone else whenever he is. Al Pacino is the best time to take the lead in the funeral of a young child killed and turn into a political triumph for himself. It's a complicated part, he's a decent man, but man got into a place like New York. <br /> <br /> For those who want to know about political life in the Great Apple, the town hall is highly recommended.
