"Cinema is the ultimate perverse art, it does not give you what you want and tells you how to please." That is how "The Pervert's Guide to Cinema" begins, in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek applies his world-famous Freudian / Lakan scalpel. This film, in three parts, is Sophie Fiennes's second feature-length documentary filmmaker (yes, sister Ralph and Joseph), and it is a remarkable achievement that will be spoken by one man in two and a half hours, yet still humorous and compelling at all times. Basically, it's a widespread movie lecture and one of the best you've ever been able to get. During the film, the Jewish Society leads us through the catalog of obsession and desire in the film. He has more than 40 films and spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx's brothers and Eisenstein. But he also looks closer to "Persona", "Conversation", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Combat Club" and "Exorcist". Žižkovo's cinematographic investigation is thematically moving from the thoughts of death to the "coordination of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects". The "Pervert Handbook" will be a bit better experience if you chose several minutes to avoid your basic Freudian terminology. However, while you are not immersed in psychoanalytic theory, Zize's dynamic and cheerful personality carries the film with a taste that you will probably not have fun at a specialized language. The movie often reduces movie clips to Zizka * movies * inside * the movie they are talking about - it's in the original locations and sets. Transitions in these sequences maintain such tension and humor that never tricks the trick. And Zizek himself is always laughing at us, whether from the bizarre little jokes or from the upcoming insistence on, for example, the Bold Oedipal Interpretation of "Birds". And this attitude of ascension and laughter, in parts of both Fiennes and Žižka, is necessary for the gonzo character of the film. It's a spoonful of sugar that helps us spend the stinks of strange drugs. After all, can we not feel that psychologists are dragging their legs right now?
