Keep in mind that any film (let alone a document) that promotes any truth creates an unfavorable and proportionate amount of cynicism from those who no longer have any sense of design and search anymore, those of you who are already masters of psychology, film and the captains of the soul will undoubtedly regard this movie as superfluous, after all, you already know everything you need to know. Congratulations. For those of us in a minority like me, I found "The Perverts Guide To Cinmea" ... mostly brilliant and worth watching for those who are interested in movies, psychology and modern philosophy. A little like director Sophie Fiennes, Scott Mclouds, director Sophie Fiennes, interferes with Slovenian philosopher, psychologist and social critic Slavoj Zizka directly in the many films and specific scenes she's dealing with. The envelope is a picture of "The Birds" (Zizek took a boat to re-create a shot). Lakan psychoanalysis does not necessarily shout, an evening of great fun ... but it is! If you like movies that are .... Some knowledge about Lacanian psychoanalysis helps (symbolic, real and imaginary) are concepts that initially relax, but the scenes that Zizek selects and analyzes make remarkably clear what was always for me, a very abstract theme. In fact, it's probably better to get acquainted with the films he's discussing than the terminology he's using, which becomes clearer when the movie continues. Why I like this movie is not because it selects great movies that analyze or reveal the great truths about Lacan but it shows it very practically and cleverly where movies and psychology (and philosophy of philosophy) meet. Why is "The Sound Of Music" why "short cuts" are more than just class and alienation, why birds are attacking "birds" what they know about Alien Resurrection, what does Solaris do with what it wants "Psycho" and "Marx Brothers" do with you and what the hell is David Lynch in the movie after the movie ... and Zizek has some ideas. <br /> <br /> The role of voice in "The Excorcist" and "Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith" is perhaps the strongest and most powerful film when it comes to female sexual subjectivity I start to wonder ... at one point Zizek admits your feeling that flowers are a kind of decorative dentate vagina, that they are disgusting and that they should be hidden from the kids (jokingly, but it seems ...). <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's a fascinating documentary that anyone who has ever seen a movie and thought it means something more than literally mentioned should try to see it. Slavoj Žižek, it is also a necessity, much less dry than the "reality of virtual", and more direct than "Žižek!", Two other pseudopods, about "Elvis contemporary cultural critique" as it is in the English-speaking world. <br /> <br /> "The Perverts Guide To Cinema" does not concern the sex role in the cinema. Zizek argues that the cinema is the ultimate poor art because it teaches "how to long for and not what it desires," and that it is the only contemporary artistic form that allows these desires to be articulated. It's not a movie about how to find reality in a cinema, it's about finding cinemas in reality and how important and exciting it may be. It's hard to find and a bit long, but it's worth the trouble, one of the most "stimulating" film experiences I've ever had.
