He is stocky, sweaty, slightly crossed and restless. He stands in front of us and he is called a pervert. He claims that we? movie viewers? they perceive the screen as a toilet bowl, and they all secretly wish that all s ** t explode from the inside. It is unpredictable and frightening. Good??? Come, you could guess now: he's one of the leading philosophers of our age. Slavoj is also a narrator and subject of an extraordinary new film by Sophie Fiennes, Pervert's film guide. Fiennes illustrates the feature-length lecture of "i? Ek" and does it in two ways: by providing exemplary movie clips and putting "i" on real (or reconstructed) places from the films they talk about. It's always nice to watch neatly titled scenes from great movies (even though the revenge of Sith has come here), but the main attraction of Pervert's Guide? he is alone. What makes the movie so fun to watch is an irresponsible question that you can not help but ask again and again: What's more crazy that ??? ??? e opinions or? I ?? e ec presence of the screen? In a documentary film by Astra Taylor, the Slovenian philosopher at one point admitted fear of silence. Because, as he claims, he feels that he does not exist, the only way to make others believe he is, is to constantly and fervently speak. Speak that yes and how. Also a perverse guide? is he controlled by his voice? delivering the perfect English in the most crazy way and doing some amazing points about the cinema. What are they? Well, see Chaplin's reluctance to speak of the image as a sign of universal fear of the voice itself (a kind of extraterrestrial force taking over a human being - we think of the ventral segment of Dead of Night [45]). He says the perverse nature of the cinema is to teach us to want certain objects, not to provide them. Identifies Groucho Marx as a super ego, Chico as an ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and we can not take him all the time, so convincing (and captivating) is his look. At one point I could not help, but she stared at his thick, shabby hair and wondered what brain was under him. They want, of course, to get more information. The most notable are Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not a surprise because he wrote about them). The cumulative effect of many greatly modified clips from their work made these lectures unforgettable and? Unlike the others? difficult to argue because he seems to have really gotten to these two directors. This does not mean that he can read, for example, Tarkovsky, on which he tirelessly sets his totally materialist idea of ​​reality, refuses exactly what is in all Tarkovsky (that is, strong religious intuitions and pictures). "> The question is not whether the" I "is inspiring and brilliant because it is, or whether the film Fiennes is worth seeing because it is the same.The real question is more: are the views coherent? One intelligent observation behind the other causes a huge intellectual ride, but when all things are left, some doubts remain: For example, when considering Vertigo, 58 claims that what is hidden behind the human face is the perfect emptiness that makes the face itself a façade itself: something of deception in its own means, when we finally hear about the fact that City Lights (31) is sometimes portrayed as a portrait of one human being fully exposed to another, it is not difficult to ask: what happened to the whole facade? Why should Chaplin's face really have a real value to get Kim Novak out of the same privileges with two courageous blows? Or perhaps this disconnect may be read in Lacan's conception? (The name of an indescribable "unreadable" French psychoanalyst is the basis of the idea ??? ??? ect.) The film has all the virtues of a wonderful two and a half hours of lecture: plenty of ground is covered, many views (even if it goes on the Melanie Daniels ship from The Birds) and try to think like she comes: "I want to be f ** k Mitch! "). But it also has one shortcoming that is not a two-hour lecture as such: it's almost obsessively degressive. ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ??? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ????? ??????? ??????? ??????? ???? , changing objects constantly. The overall effect is that it is surrounded by a huge, cool, sweeping wave: at the same time, you are surprised, refreshed, in mortal danger and bewildered. When you finish watching, your head is full of ideas that are not yours, and are you planning to watch some movies again? but you also share the feeling that you have survived the misfortune. <br /> <br /> The final question is: did not you lose it? Or did we even come up with real things? Once cinephilia becomes a prison sentence, we all meet in one big cell, and finally we talk about ourselves (we have no films that turn to our faces). Do I dare to all who will have enough trouble to come and resist him? My guess is that once you look into those eyes in real life, you will become believers.
