Her Deadly Rival (1995): Cast: Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye Kelly , Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford ... Director James Hayman, Screenwriter Dan Vining. /> The actor Harry Hamlin (LA Law Fame, Clash of the Titans and other movies) seems to be perfectly occupied in this film by James Hayman's "Lifetime" and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna would later work on the film about sexual dependence. "Their deadly rival" is, at first glance, similar to the well-known Hollywood box "Fatal Attraction". In "rival," the married husbands Jim and Kris Lanford moved to their new home in typically beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love despite their routine lifestyle. But then the mysterious admirer's eyes are on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite Jim's attempt and even the investigators to find out who he is. He constantly harasses Jim through telephone calls and letters. His marriage is almost shaken when his wife begins to think he has a matter and tries to cover her. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and other actors - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson and William Blair - seem to be directly from the soap opera. But it's a very exciting drama and has a good time. The end is twisted. Warning: spoiler. All I have to say is "her deadly rival" was just him. Based on the supposedly real case, Jim's wife, Kris, suffered a multiple personality disorder and it destroyed her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if acting is just a step beyond the actor, this film has its moments. Especially intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he has just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it's a kind of television movie that usually works well, especially on Lifetime, which continues to produce such films as "home thriller" or lewd stories. Hardly, but everyone likes garbage.
