Everybody has the first love, and though it's hard to define that feeling when you're younger, it's there, the pain inside you. That's what Malayan filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad wanted to prove in his fourth film, in which the most complex emotions are told in a simple, straightforward way. Such an approach is particularly appropriate in this case, since the love story of the film has two twelve-year-olds, and attempts for "deeper" analysis seem to be fanciful and demanding. Not being it is also a testimony to the stunning performance of leading non-actors Sharifah Aryan and Mohd Syafie Naswip. Former Orked (previously seen as an adult figure in the previous film, Ahmed, Gubra), a living, almost rebellious girl who may have influenced her "British" education (her mother studied in England), despondents with dolls, prefers to play with boys violent sports. One day he meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who has come to a holiday in his aunt's house, and suddenly changed his habits: fistfights, hello riding a bike and climbing trees. What does that mean? Are they just friends, or is it something more implied, something that neither of them is ready to understand, let alone accept? Because of the young age of the protagonists, the answers to these questions are bordering on the impossible, and so, as in several "smaller" films (the lost in the translation comes to mind), there is no real closure, a selection that leaves a hot but ultimately satisfying disposition: natural, unfiltered acting (especially Aryan's) come to the heart almost instantly, and strong supporting casts (the Orked family in particular) help keep the minimalist narrative of entertainment and seduction. Access to the land-country is not always so effective (a cheerful subplot about the adulterer's neighbor is too much) and it's hard to justify the bizarre reference to Pulp Fiction at the beginning of the feature, but the emotional power of adolescent romance is enough to make it an interesting piece independent Asian cinematography.
