The film starts in a classroom where it is no surprise that our main actress Orked was seen in the Chinese language class. Later in the movie she was asked why (according to Mukhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for the child she is; because it is a well-known Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of romance that you can think of, but when you stop reading too many critics and you go about it, you will notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film is basically focused on 10-year-old Orkeda, who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in the game, which many would think was a boy's game. Mukhsin (who was new in this village) was kicked out of the players and was forced to let Orked into the game in which he eagerly showed up on the men's side. Orked is not such an ordinary girl as it depicts more male behavior as you will see in the movie, defend Mukhsina from a big violent encounter with his schoolgirls, throw one of the violence out of the school bus window, throw kicks and kick Mukhsin's brother where Mukhsin and so further and so on. Both were amazing friends and kept closer, but with the slightest misunderstanding, in which most of us would all respond in the same way, they split both until Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the film describes the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they began as friends but slowly developed into a somewhat closer relationship and then to BGR. You should notice that the changes Yasmin made in movies for every major actor and actress when they go through love. Different characters were shown with eagerness and humor. All the scenes were random, but there was so much reality in them that you would get stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, not because you want to be patriotic on the local scene, because it means a lot more. As an envelope film about two loving birds, it can also find a lens against Orked's parents, a mother who has been educated in England, speaks English very well, and in which her husband and guardian in the home, with great effort, try to speak back to her own English, which is humor all the way really. Let me explain to you why humor can be so important in this film. And this explanation or description that you can portray can be given only one word and that's RANDOMNESS. More often than not, we do not learn to laugh ourselves, and when we do it, we do it at the expense of others. It's just like what he would say in Jack Neo's Just Follow Law - often when we're alone, we do not see the person in us, but if only when we're in another person's body then we'll just learn to see, who we really are. And so humor, rather than just dignity, applies. The film was filled with the coincidence that the typical facts of our everyday life as we did it could be full of laughter if we want it to be. Another focus of this film was how Orked's neighbor, a couple in which her husband already loves his wife, wanted to find another one. Then Koboi, as what he had been through, was to see his motorcycle daily and set off on a journey with a newly discovered girlfriend. The producer does not doubt why his husband wanted to find another wife. The woman was a real hurray or KPC, as we would call it Chinese, who would interrupt the work of other people and send their own daughter to listen to Orkeda in words that only adults would use. After all, what's going on is coming around, and that's probably why she does not want things to do much. At any moment, if you were around, you would not hurt yourself if you did not protect yourself, but then again, what was it worth? The film also focuses on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who would go to town every day until late at night, smoke, drink and find "girls." It's the opposite of Mukhsin, but it is perhaps because of family problems. Both brothers stayed with their aunts, and their parents were far from them. I will not reveal more story because it would spoil a lot of interest in finding it for yourself but the smallest of all the elements in which the producers wanted to send the message to the audience is our life All. She wanted us at least to see life from our own perspective when we are not alone. Films in a sense will bring us out of our own body, put us in the figure of the character, and use our empty mind to look at what is happening. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be fascinated by how good a movie like this would portray and have a significant impact on you.
