If you want to learn about the Spanish Civil War and about all political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you have chosen a bad film. This is a vision of war, as it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war happens on a small island that trains almost immediately, the war is not open. Soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the mainland, while another kind of war is going on at home on a small island. There neighbors will tell other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are in conflict with the new regime, but many people are told about old family battles, or perhaps a quiet introvert that has no friends, is said by someone who wants to "earn some points" . And these things do not happen in an open place. Some studies were true, but many times people just woke up in the middle of the night, being taken home from the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And next morning, the bodies would be found, and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but nobody dared to talk or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers killing someone they have never seen in their lives. We're talking about killing some of our neighbors and probably greeting their widow the next day and even attending a funeral for the guy he killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. I'm from that little island and I hear the stories told by my grandparents and I have to say that this movie upset me, oh yes, yes; but I also found that she was remarkably beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not something that a director or a writer has created, so things happened during this war. A boy who knows that his dad is a dad in a fascist group that killed his father? Completely possible. What happened later? Maybe too. TBC was also real. At that time, the island was not a recreation center that happened. People were poor, illiterate, and worked in small farms. After the war, the times of despair appeared. <br /> <br /> So in this movie you will not find a war story, or at least the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the worst kind of war that occurs when space is limited (just check the size of the island) when neighbors fight with their neighbors when members of the same family fight each other and live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You will find a story about the damage this kind of war can cause to people and the story of how they survive the damage, or maybe not. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the excellent work written by the writers who adapted the novel and all the actors who actually sounded like Mallorca. That was remarkable.
