(Including SPOILERS) This film is definitely the best Amicus production I've ever seen (although I still have little to look at). The house that buried blood is a horror omnibus anthology that contains four interesting stories about the tenants of the evil hell house in the British countryside. A common mistake in products like this is a waste of too much energy on an annoying story that links separate stories? Peter Duffel's wisely paid too much attention to this. It's only the Scotland Yard inspector, who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant, so he learns of the bizarre events that happened there. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together they create perfect health. High expectations are allowed for this movie because it was completely written by Robert Blochem! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote a novel that resulted in the brilliant Horror Mile "Psycho"? We also record a solid and very professional debut by director Peter Duffel. <br /> <br /> Four Stories? chapters if you are ?? in the house that Dripped Blood contain a good variety of themes, but they are (almost) equally cool and mysterious. Number one is a horror writer who comes to the house with his wife to get inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a short while his spooky and persecuted villain has his own imagination. The idea in this story is not entirely original, but it is very exciting and the peak is rather surprising. The second story of the star (Hammer) horror-legend Peter Cushing as a retired stockbroker. Still impressed by the image of unreachable and long lost love, it strikes a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to watch as always and ?? even though the theme of wax museums is not new? this story looks overall fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some wonderful shock moments and there is a constantly stressed atmosphere. It's an amazing warm up on what's probably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this, because Christopher Lee gives away the impeccable display of a terrible father. He is very serious and strict about his young daughter and holds her in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason because the girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to the great acting of Lee and the remarkable performance of Chloe Franks as a haunted child, this story has an amazing Gothic atmosphere! The diabolical undertones in this story, along with the horrific sounds of thunder, make this story a must for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and last story in which a vain heroic actor is dominated by a vampire is a little weaker than others in terms of tension and credibility, but that overload of fine humor more or less compensates for it. There's even a little room for parody in this story, as the star is Christopher Lee in Dracula! The most remarkable feature in this last chapter is the presence of beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The Cultural Queen of "Vampire Hunters" is certainly one of the many highlights in the movie - especially its splitting. <br /> <br /> No doubt the house that Dripped Blood will be highly appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe that with a little moody preparation, it could be one of the few movies that will scare you and leave you feeling great. Intelligent and persuasive horror, as if it should be! Highly recommended. One additional small note: But this film can not be repeated, and under no circumstances may be confused with "The Dorm That Dripped Blood". The latter is a very irritating and miserable underground 80's slasher that has nothing to do with this movie, except for the title he stole.
