The "house that sprinkled blood" is one of the better anthology films of the time period. <br /> <br /> <br /> ** SPOILERS <br /> <br /> Watching the missing movie star, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) finds out that the last reported sighting was at a large headquarters in the countryside. During the viewing of the house four different stories about the past inhabitants of the house are told. Good Thing (s): Method for Murder - Move to a mysterious castle to get some peace and quiet while Charles takes the last piece, Horror writer Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice (Joanna Dunham) are thrilled with the story focuses on Dominic's serial diving head. After a series of strange accidents and experiences in the house, Karel begins to think that my creature appears and chases him and his wife. Probably one of the better entries in the movie, perhaps the most precious. The atmosphere here is what distinguishes it. Scenes of a fictitious nature are really scary, the secrets around it are really effective and there is always a classic moment of creep. The classic moment is killing at the psychiatric office, which is currently high due to creep. Looking at it, glittering sounds, rapid glimpses of mysterious being, and thunder and lightning in the back work well for him. <br /> <br /> Sweets for a sweet new house, the widow John Reid (Christopher Lee) hires a former schoolteacher Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) for her young daughter, Jane (Chloe Franks), when she's gone out of business. Ann gradually begins to reveal the dark secret of Jane's past, which John strongly denies. When she learns about the real nature of what has happened, she is much more shocking than what she could think was possible. With the most beautiful natural land and the biggest storyline story, it's a nice entrance. The secrets of the family are beautifully won, with a small number of tracks that have accumulated here and there, and the final revelation is utterly nervous. This part is in itself the main reason why this work works, and Lee does not harm it either. Bad Story (s): Waxing - tortured by memories of his lost love, Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) are dressed in a statue of a woman in a wax statue because the statue takes over their lives, they discover a shocking secret about the museum , both of which are pursuing. There is a clever premise and an excuse to spend time in wax museums that are always scary. This is no exception and looks mysterious, which is aided by fluorescence lighting on sculptures. The dream set provides a great moment of tension, but what ultimately kills is a slow pace. It takes a long time for events to unfold and spend most of the time on exposure. It also builds up to the shock end that can be seen coming off miles. They will really reduce you a little. If it changed, the score would be higher, the rest would be acceptable. Horrific actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) from patrol and wind film is concerned about the lack of realism of his new film, set off and buy a new vampire cloak from a specialized business. The cloak will soon turn into a vampire, crazy on the stage with star Carly (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampiric events at home. Not convinced that the cloak is the cause, he does everything he can to prove that it's just his imagination. It has a fairly decent assumption, and there are plenty of opportunities for some decent horrors, but what sinks are several factors. First of all, it's just too hideous because it's good. A shortened plot at the end is a perfect example that is so exaggerated that it is not a shock at all, and it just simply becomes stupid. There are so few scenes of fear or attempts to fear that it's just a drill. It's the weakest in the movie. Final verdict: A pretty decent omnibus film, there are a few small issues scattered by each of the stories that make this less perfect but still highly observable movie. Highly recommended for those who are in similar films at the time or who are using British horror films. <br /> <br /> Today's rating-PG-13: Violence
