The British production company Amicus is generally known as an expert in horror anthologies, and this big omnibus, called the "house that shed blood," is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I have ever seen (certainly not enough to see yet, though ). "The house that sprinkled blood" consists of four wonderfully fairy tale stories that are in the same mysterious estate. These four stories are brought to you in a gorgeous Gothic atmosphere and with one of the best cast of leaders. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors) as well as Denholm Elliott and playful star Ingrid Pitt in this movie - so a real horror fan could afford to miss it? Nobody, of course, and the movie has much more than just a great cast. The "house that has sprinkled blood" spins around a terrible rural mansion where strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. The first story, The Method for Murder, tells the story of Horror writer Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house with his wife. After the raid, the writer suddenly finds himself a scary maniac of his own creature ... The first segment is a great breakthrough in the film. The story is haunted and scary around the world, and overall performance is very good. In the second story of Waxworks, retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) returns to the house and suddenly feels attracted to a mysterious wax museum in a nearby city ... Great Peter Cushing is again culminating in superb performances and the rest of the performance is also very good . The story is wonderfully weird and second best of the movie for the third time. The third story "Sweets To The Sweet" is by far the smartest and most brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves with his little daughter. Ms. Norton's private teacher and nanny, who was employed by her daughter in training her daughter, is appalled by her employer's strenuousness towards her daughter, and wants to find out why the father's parental superior views may have been upbringing ... the best segment keeps a very spooky atmosphere spooky plot. Christopher Lee is always great in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special praise goes after 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This sophisticated segment itself makes the film a prerequisite for every real horror fan. In the fourth segment, Horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) returns to the house with his sexy maid / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it is actually Horror. But it's a very entertaining satire, and there are many insights into other Horror films. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who stars in the previous, third segment ... All four segments have a spooky sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the largest and greatest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabrely humorous Horror stories that every horror fan should appreciate. The genius atmosphere, the ghostly sense of humor, true grandeur and brilliant actor make this man a must. In a nutshell, "The House That Broke Blood" is an excellent horror omnibus that no lover of British horror could afford to miss. Highly recommended!
