Yes, it is a horror anthological movie and it was a lot of fun! This is because, even though the film was clearly horrifying, some stories had a gentle spirit - and even a few laughs sometimes happened. That's not a bad thing at all, because sometimes the horror films are a little empty and too serious. For this reason, and because all four stories were pretty good, it's one of the better movies of this style I've seen. The unifying theme that connects each story is the house itself. Four different stories concern people who either rent a home or investigate what happened to tenants. The first segment was played by Denholm Elliott as a writer of horror with a writer's block. So they rented this house to change the scenery. Almost instantly, Elliott's block disappears and is constantly working on the story of a serial killer. Surprisingly, soon after his disappearance he will actually see his fictional nature! Again and again, a psychotic killer appears and then disappears - so he seems to lose his mind. This could be just the best of stories, because a nice twist of ending makes the story of a revival. The second, though bad at all, is probably the weakest. Peter Cushing plays a bachelor who looks at a friend who died somewhere before (though his image looked amazingly modern). When he enters the chamber of the scary museum of wax figures in the city, he sees a wax figure that reminds him of his lost lady, and that is both fascinated and terrified. Later, a friend will visit (Joss Ackland) and he also sees the character and is excited. All this leads to being frankly saying that it was a little forgiveness. Christopher Lee then stars as an incredibly harsh and stern father to a pitiful little girl. During most of the segment, Lee looked like an idiot, but in the end you can understand his behavior. Though slow, it ended very well. <br /> <br /> The fourth segment was the strongest and intended to parody the genre. Jon Pertwee (the third "Doctor" from the television series DR WHO) is a very lively actor known for his portraits Dracula. However, according to the film there is nothing wrong in the film and in the form of pique, he throws a set to find better supports for this vampire movie. It's really quite interesting that he played this role as it looked natural for Christopher Lee who played Dracula or other vampire basillian times (give or take a couple). I liked Pertwee's line when he basically said that Lee and the other recent incarnations of Dracula are compared to Bela Lugosi's crap! Maybe that's why Lee did not accept that part! Despite some very silly moments, it was very fun and fun - maybe as good or better as the first segment. Since the film started and ended so well, it had great acting and writing, it's hard not to miss this movie.
