An inconsiderate Hollaway inspector (John Bennett's solid turn) is investigating the disappearance of the famous secretary and reveals the bad past of the history of the haunted old house. The first and most common story "Method for Murder" - Successful author Charles Hillyer (played nicely by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by pictures of the murderous devil he writes in his latest book. Although this special trip is too obvious and predictable that it is something special, it builds on the true glory of a real surprise. The second and most used anecdote, "Waxworks" - lonely Philip Grayson (always excellent Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (gorgeous Joss Ackland) both are furious with a charming wax statue of beautiful but deadly murders. Sweets to the Sweet - The quiet, reserved and secretive widow John Reid (typically the amazing Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) hires Ann Norton nanny (gentle Nyree Dawn Porter) to take care of his seemingly cute and harmless daughter Jane (remarkably creepy and disturbing performance from the adorable Chloe Franks). This extraordinary frightening episode is a very disturbing support for the extraordinary act of the talented child actress Franks, which shows a really disturbing feeling of quiet evil, hidden only under the fraudulently sweet and innocent angelic veneer. The Fourth and Most Funny Yarn "The Cloak" - The pompous star star of the film, Paul Henderson (with a gorgeous smile on the hand raised by Jon Pertwee), buys a mysterious cloak that makes it transformed into a vampire whenever he wears it. This item is for good silly fun and other benefits from the amazingly pulchritudinous presence of sweet Ingrid Pitt as the enticing vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, who works from the deliciously horrific and humorous scenario of the famous horror writer Robert Bloch, maintains a fast pace and makes an ace to create a thrilling atmosphere. Kudos is also in the order for Ray Parslow's sharp cinematography and shaking Michael's dress scores. We highly recommend fanclubs of the omnibus fare plan.
