I admit I was biased when I reviewed it because it was my introduction to the series. This movie I first saw in 2005 late night "fear Friday" at the AMC, which often pulls out dark gems like a cool storage for the next generation. I did it to notice the whole series of Amicus anthology before examining them to make sure I had a perspective. When I look back, I still measure the house I sprayed my blood like my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then asylum. I think all the elements that make this series enchanting - the cinematography of the 1960s and 1970s, scary and playful, far-reaching stories and the vast British majority of all that's going on behind-the-scenes music ---- agreed better than any other. The film centers around a very old English country house and the misfortune that hits all those living inside. The first story involves writers of horror and his wife, who moved to this remote place, the city to focus on his passion. He creates a murderous figure called Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulty in telling reality from fiction. There is fine physics over his troubles, which I found amusing, though scary. Oh and those terrible supporting teeth (then they are British actors, maybe you were REAL !!!) The second story is the story of lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape his loneliness, but it only makes him worse when he is haunted by the lost love. He seems to have found some salvation in a local (very haunted) wax museum, but it turned out he would be much better alone ....... The third story contains great Christopher Lee (my fav, British actor horror) as the only father with somewhat disturbed and deeply horrifying young daughter. She is constantly careful to get into things she should not - like witchcraft! He has a natural talent, with good reason. Lee is a great actor like a glacier, the guy has real talent for playing characters that are absolutely hot! But despite his greatest efforts, little trouble really teaches banned knowledge and bad things follow ... ... This last story is a story of a cynical old veteran who feels a young director with whom he cooperates is incapable of capturing the right vampire movie, up to the quality of the costumes and in particular the costume. So he goes to the old shop of curiosity in the middle of the foggy night to get something more "authentic". Few know that he has picked up a truly authentic vampire cloak! Posting on a stroke at midnight has rather noticeable effects. By the time I got to this fourth and last story, it was after 3:00 and I could not stay up on the first try (not out of boredom). But I have experienced something that I have a hundred times, a curious experience with sticking with movies or music when I'm sleeping and sleeping and the movie / music becomes part of my dream! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect, and it seemed that it was the first time more terrifying than it really was because I woke up when she was levitated with the power of her coat and could not understand what was going on at first. Shortly afterward, beautiful Ingrid Pitt, a friend of her film, came to visit and warned her not to make a cloak at midnight - but she did not have to bother because she was a real vampire herself. The chintzy jingle of the keyboard that followed when she was flying to the staircase was just hysterical !! And again in my half-sleeping state it seemed quite confusing! Side Note: Make sure to catch Lee and Pitt together with the stunning star Amicus Britt Ekland in all the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was an interlaced commentary between stories, but based on the stories themselves it's a classic! I would objectively say that the third story is the best, but I prefer the 4th place because it smiles so much. I highly recommend fans of horror and if you are a British horror fan, it is mandatory! I would say it is advisable to view the series in chronological order if you can. The last film of this series, the Monster Club (1980), is certainly the weakest. I think the first three to four films except the average tumultuous garden (1967) are the best, but if you like one of them, you should watch them at least once. You will probably come back many times to watch your favorite items.
