With a few Hammer stars, this highly effective part of British horror revolves around the house and the fate of its former tenants, whose stories are all told to a detective from Scotland's shipyard in search of a missing actor. <br /> <br /> The story number one, which is probably the least impressive of the four, deals with the writer and his wife who has just moved into the house and plans to stay for a short time to write one of his horror novels. He creates a demented character named Dominic, who is a very spooky looking guard, and soon becomes crazy as he begins to see the animal looking wherever he goes. After his wife persuaded him to seek psychiatric help, a partial plot was introduced, which frankly did not work for me. I do not want to make money for you. Another story (in my opinion best) is the great Peter Cushing as Philip Grayson, a man who moved to his home for his retirement years and soon makes his way to a nearby wax museum (which deals with macabre) where he is very surprised to find a wax figure that looks exactly like a woman from the past. Soon afterwards, an old friend (who also has a history with this woman) in a business town and lets him see. Both men are for a brisk awakening, for they will soon find that there is more than an eye for this woman. <br /> <br /> The story of three stars is one of my favorite ... Christopher Lee, who plays John Reid. After moving home with his special daughter Jane, the nanny he hires is terribly suspicious of Reid's suppression of his daughter. Find out that ... if she knew what Lee did, she would understand. The last story is the honest vampire story played by John Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt. After buying a cloak from a mysterious merchant, actor Paul Henderson finds himself in the creature that is portrayed several times in his career. Overall, speed and direction were very good, just like most of the performance. There were nice Gothic touches and effective scores to complement the atmosphere. This is a goalie and is highly recommended.
