From the mind of Robert Bloch of "Psycho" fame, there are four stories of twisted terror in this anthological Amicus movie, which, although not as fun or as scary as I wish, still counts on some decent genre entertainment. It is linked to the story of the highly skeptical detective, Scotland Yard (John Bennett), investigating the disappearance of a prominent actor; that this case is connected with several others in the house where everyone was playing and our movie is out of order. <br /> <br /> "The method of murder" has the author Charles Hillyer (always beautiful Denholm Elliott) pursuing his latest fictional creation that seems to be alive. This sequence has some good surrealistic and quite exciting moments and is limited by quite funny revelation and revelation. "Waxworks" star of the horrifying icon Peter Cushing as an Officer of the Exchange, Philip Grayson, who along with old friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) is obsessed with the beautiful woman in the macabre wax museums. The most effective thing in this episode is the dreamlike sequence, although it's great, as always, to watch Cushing. The final images that were presented to us in this story are quite shocking. "Sweets to the Sweet" includes another popular horror star, Christopher Lee, like John Reid, who does not care for the adorable child moppet Jane (Chloe Franks) with too much favors, and is a new associate of Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) to find out , why. The secret of this episode is greatly done; movie makers do not wisely shake hands, so it comes more like a real shock because we get the full truth about this unhappy family. "Dying" moments are particularly horrible. "Cloak" has the most direct comedy of four; Jon Pertwee, one of many actors who has played the role of Doctor Who over the years, is a lot of fun as a futile, temperamental horror star (in fact, the top of that story), who was furious with the lack of his latest low-budget movie, he buys his own cloak. This cloak has strange powers I'm not trying to detect here. Sexy Ingrid Pitt is a welcome presence as a partner of Pertwees; One amazing example of humor here is a conscious stroke that no one other than Christopher Lee! <br /> <br /> The closing story is then closed in a predictable, yet effective way, as Detective Inspector Holloway learns, he takes all the warnings he has given him more seriously. <br /> <br /> A similar unusual, breathtaking and mysterious result of Michael Dress is a "fun house" that is a fun combination of stories; while I do not like as much as, say, "Tales from the Crypt", it's still good fun. Director Peter Duffell can move slowly but surely towards each of his frosty conclusions and is certainly a good film of his kind. <br /> <br /> 7/10
