THE HOUSE WHICH DRIPPED BLOOD is the third of the series of seven horrific anthologies Amicus. If the MONSTER CLUB is part of the series, it will be eight films. Though the film is very different from the others. <br /> <br /> I look at Amicus anthologies with great memories of how I loved them when I was in my teens. My feelings are just as strong today. <br /> <br /> I spent many years trying to watch this movie. The synopsis of the stories was so tempting that I went so far that I paid her considerable sums when I finally found a copy. Like the movie, I felt a sense of disappointment when I finally saw him. It was not as good as I was convinced. While better than his two predecessors, he is not nearly as good as his four successors, as I tell him. The connecting story sees John Bennett as a police inspector watching the missing person living in a mysterious old house. His journey begins at the local police station where he learns the stories of the previous inhabitants. A related story is later seen by a real estate agent who sold the house. While this linking story seems appealing on paper, it is practically flat and lifeless, and is easily the weakest of any Amicus anthology. I could not help, but I had the feeling that John Bennett was the version of the poor man Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I'd rather see one of the two above-mentioned actors in his role. We could have it here - one as a police inspector and the other as a real estate agent. They could, and in my opinion, bring this weak element of the film to life much better. The film contains four stories, each of which focuses on the inhabitants of the house. <br /> <br /> The first story sees Denmon Elliott as a writer of criminal stories. He is absorbed in an exciting story about strangulation, even going to draw a sketch that helps him write. Soon after, he will begin to see the vision of his own creation. Some excellent directions from Peter Duffell, especially when choosing a camera angle, help to discourage a limited script. Elliott's performance is excellent as a frightened writer and also helps to highlight the story. The story ends with semi-twist, but I could not help to get a script that did not allow him to fulfill his potential. The second story sees that Peter Cushing moves into the House. He is a lonely man who is still looking for a beautiful young woman who once undermined him and kept him. Cushing's performance really brings this emotionally moving story to life. He is helped by a director who has decided to include a constant focus on Cushing's loneliness. This is done with a great hallucination that helps us see inside Cushing's mind. Cushing, in any case, sees a figure in a nearby museum of wax figures that looks just like his girl. Of course, his obsession is growing, but this seemingly romantic story has an exhausting twist at the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rival, but his performance is massively overshadowed by late Big Cushing. The third story, and best of all, Christopher Lee - my favorite horror actor ever - moves to his house with his daughter. Mr. Lee gives his perfect ice show here. He shows no love or attention to his daughter at all. It even brings school educators to educate her. The governor, played by Nyree Dawn Porter in another great performance, is trying to figure out what's wrong. Without doing too much, I can reveal that witchcraft plays a part. The presence of Christopher Lee is really electrifying in every scene he's in. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for her massively underestimated performance as a little girl who is slightly smartest in the whole movie. The film is also worth seeing to see this one story. The last story is played almost exclusively on laughter, but it is definitely fun and it is important. Jon Pertwee plays a horror film actor returning home. He is very dissatisfied with the approach his producers take to films when they see everything cheap and fake, especially costumes. She decides to buy an authentic cloak for her latest vampire role. Geoffrey Bayldon has an excellent portal as a retailer that sells Pertwee the ancient cloak. When Pertwee puts her cloak, she starts to develop her teeth and basically turns into a vampire. Pertwee's performance must be seen to be believed. He is really cheerful. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story, but her talent is wasted in a role that should be much greater. The linking story ends with a loose connection to the last story. This is particularly appropriate because the inspector was looking for Pertwee and naturally decided to visit the house. You can handle the rest for yourself. As weak as a connecting story, he has a decent, somewhat unintentionally comical end. I'm guilty of the flaw in what a truly spectacular film should be, with director Peter Duffel, who really does the best he has. I think the script was too restrained and lacked the ambition that can be found in four later films. Overall House that DRIPPED BLOOD, despite its flaws, is a must for fans of Amicus anthology, fans of other Amicus movies or portmanteau fans of horror films. If my review provides the film with plenty of eye appeal, look at it. You will enjoy it!
