Four stories about terrorists about events in a haunted old house are described by skeptic investigator Scotland Yard Holloway (John Bennett) when he investigates where the last resident of the house is drowning with blood. just try to find words that would describe the true brilliance that is "the house that sprinkled blood". This anthology of horror of the 1970s is quite remarkable in the sense that such a visually innocent film is capable of provoking horror even among the most demanding viewers. It is unbelievable that the number of screenings of violence on the screen can be counted on one hand, but the film is still able to portray brutality and successfully conjure up the worst image in the audience's own imagination while abstaining from the obvious path of graphic violence. In the rare features of horror of the early 1970s, the technical characteristics of the film are virtually flawless, from flawless performances of star cast casts (featuring the legendary director Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the stunning direction and story telling courtesy of Peter Duffel and the master of macabre writer Robert Blocha (author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints they might have about "House That Dripped Blood" are somewhat assertive plotting at the end of the first two segments and a predictable ending of the picture, but even these tiny details do not destroy the overall view of the viewer. The first part, titled The Method for Murder, tells the story of Charlie Hillier (Denholm Elliott), the horror writer who rents a haunted house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer is still beginning to see a murderous figure from his story around the house, and soon he begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this work is truly exceptional, and its character is served by astonishing airwaves. The key to this segment, as well as to others, is the secret of the surrounding events. The viewer is questioned whether the view of Dominic's murderous nature is merely hallucination, schizophrenic disorder or whether he is actually a figure. Duffell's direction succeeds in creating a disturbing atmosphere coupled with the slow, methodical approach to creating the tension and tension that are needed to make the segment very charming. The following segment represents Peter Cushing as the new inhabitant of the Ominous House. While traveling to the city, he meets the horror museum and decides to go inside. While there she finds a wax model of a beautiful woman who seems too familiar to her. Cushing's character (Philip) then teamed up with his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wishes to visit the museum, until Philip's dismay. In this segment, the spectator is not just a very gentle trace of the secret of a waxy woman, but in general the viewer stays in the dark. There is much less tension on this particular story, yet the segment has still managed to keep its mysterious air through the particularly sharp dreams and general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again exceptional, and although it is perhaps the weakest of four stories, it can not be denied that thanks to any creative direction and trustworthy performer, Waxworks is still a pleasant approach to the film. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks" is followed by what is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments? Sweets to the Sweet '. Christopher Lee plays as John Reid, the father of a young girl, who at first has an inexplicable fear of a fire that soon recovers the nursing care of Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). It seems, however, that John surrounds the dark secret about the family. "Sweets to the Sweet" is the easiest and most complicated of the four stories, and therefore this segment is undeniable for the viewer. Small and fine traces of the truth behind the family are narrated throughout the segment, but it all fits into place until the extremely terrible scene. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tensions and tensions to create a premonitory atmosphere that made the movie great. Together with a beautifully arranged soundtrack, Sweets to the Sweet 'is an exercise in constant fear that grabs the viewer behind his neck and refuses to let go until the relentless cries that eventually end up. Personally, I think this short segment should make an amusing and breathtaking feature film and give this segment a precious tenth. The film ends with a story about the missing artist who was initially interested in the investigator. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two artists who are currently working on horror film. Pertwee's character is disgusted with amateur production and film props, so he buys his own vampire cloak from a strange mystery shop. However, strange things start to do when she wears a cloak and soon begins to worry about the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among the events, is a nice way to pack a wonderful anthology. Although there is an irreplaceable air of the camp, it is certainly a way to make the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could be considered frightening in any sense and the predictable end could have been done better, however the segment has its redeemed features. Horror enthusiasts should definitely look for Pertwee's short commentary on Dracula Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This slightly comical and conscientious approach to the final segment is essentially a reasonable and near-natural way to end the image even if it reduces the film compared to earlier examples of stress-induced horror. <br /> <br /> To sum it up, "House That Dripped Blood" is one of the greatest horror anthologies that contains incredible cast, great stories, and above par. There is certainly a worse way to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while fans of blood and guts will be very disappointed, fans of more strained horror efforts should enjoy this film immensely. My Rating for? The House That Dripped Blood 8/10.
