Horror omnibus films were popular in the seventies. I do not like myself very much, but this is undoubtedly an excellent piece of British horror cinema. House That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus that contains four stories that surround a haunted old house in the country and are passed on to a Scotland Yard officer agency. <br /> <br /> This movie is titled by three famous horror cinema stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whose horrific fans will be considered one of Lee's stars in Britain's greatest horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. The first part of the film "Method for Murder" tells the story of a horror story whose creation; the "Dominik" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story very well creates tension; through his girlfriend, he, and the audience is led to believe that what he sees is the fiction of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it is based on its lack of originality due to the atmosphere it creates, and it is the ultimate twist; which works incredibly well and came as a real surprise. The second story, titled "Waxworks," starring Peter Cushing and my favorite of four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to go in. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to her and which we later find out to be murderous. Pretty much what a woman's relationship with Phillip means is never really explained, but the story lies more in secrets than in drawing details. Cushing was later joined by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland), and that's when the story really starts to pick. Setting up a museum of wax dummies full of horror movies is not a new idea; the same setting was used for a great effect in the excellent horror film of 1966, "Chamber of Horrors". Though not as big as the one in the above-mentioned film, the setting force is used to no less scary effect, which gives a lot of claustrophobic feelings due to the limited flat museum. Peter Cushing is always attentive and seeing him avoiding a crazy fool is a delight for a horror fan. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still fun and interesting enough not to let this anthology go down. The film continues "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best of the omnibus. This story plays the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly supernatural father. The beauty of this story is based on the way it is played. Leaves the audience to guess; we know that there is nothing wrong with our father or daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his figure with a great deal of sin; viewers are crushed over how they give their doll a doll and the fact that they are not allowed to go to school or have some toys. The card exactly why it is held close to the chest to the end that is the embodiment of a really cool line in which Lee tells her watch that they are really afraid of their daughters. The ending of this part is greatly won, in my opinion it's one of the best endings of any horror story ever told and will stay with you long after the end of the loan. "Cloak", which is definitely the most comical of the four. This story relates to the star star of a horrifying star who, unpressed by the technical side of the latest movie, came out and bought a cloak. Of course, this cloak is a real vampire cloak. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be mostly for laughter. This is not a bad thing, because most humor is fun and serves as a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story is consistent with the ending story of the movie, which is very sinister, but humorous, ending with a very good film. Also look at the little scream that was about Christopher Lee in Dracula. Nice touch, I think. All in all, if you want a horror omnibus, you really can not go wrong with House that strangles the blood. The third story itself makes a movie worthy of your time, and it is really a very solid horror movie.
