When I saw Peter O'Toole's version recently, I was ready to be excited by intelligent writing in this version. There is little time to fight, which I prefer. Instead, they show us all the motives that are the basis of both French and English (who held Normandy) regret and the priests who are dying. Even the worst hypocrite of them, the archbishop, leaves us with the idea that "Of course they were innocent, innocent people always had to suffer because of the ambitions of the mighty." She had no idea what he was saying, no thought about the consequences of blasphemy or about the church. Not harmed, she had no idea what the church was about. "<br /> <br /> Preminger was true to the myths that surrounded her death and I appreciated the preview of the tape that showed that the flames reached and burned it Why? In the film they used gas nozzles and 2 of them were stopped And suddenly the air pressure blew and the flames moved directly to her, fortunately for her she did not have to repeat the shot because it was so realistic: it was burned out, a pretty traumatic performance for the Iowa girl for her new career in acting, John Gielgud performed greatly. an English politician who orchestrates a show, and also shows that once you convict someone to death, you do not want them to be around to watch them, you could move away from your "duty" next time ... not that such delicacies bothering the soul of our future president, we, Christians, and those who are most anti-Semitic, have no problem falling back to the Old Testament when it comes to the death penalty even though it has been replaced Jesus' words: Bring public executions, like a little girl, a hot burned body could bring serious people to the senses of our souls. The only little "choice" I have about this film is that we are not shown why the priest who so tirelessly called for her burning becomes so suddenly so horrified, even to the point of madness. It should be a greater extension of his character, more dialogue - because the sudden "coming into his senses" makes no sense. And whether Graham Greene deliberately or not, St. Joan is such a self-confident little chance that you are almost, but not quite, you are happy to meet her coming. And when she refused to live in prison, for some reason I thought of Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plathu of "stealing her death" when she committed suicide ... he knew that such an act was guaranteeing immortality. You must be surprised! <br /> <br /> If it's ever been a good example of obsessive thinking and a logical section, it's one. St Joan should become a Buddhist and quiet "voices in her mind".
