The Preminger adaptation of G. Boba Shaw "Saint Joan" (Graham Greene's Screenplay) received one of the worst critical responses in his day. It was destroyed by pseudo-elite, purists and spectators did not respond to a film that lacked the piety and spell that was expected from the historic festival. As in "Peeping Tom," the reaction was bad and unauthorized. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions around Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original play, not only on a literal emotional level but formally also. His film is Brechtian's exploration of the functioning of institutions, division within and without different factions that want to use power. As such, we are not emotionally capable of identifying any of the characters, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life offers the acting parallel to her role here), she is presented as innocent, a character of purity, whose actions and presence itself reveals corruption and emptiness in all. As such, Seberg plays her both as a saint and a Madame. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she filmed this film (which appears on the spot) testifies to Jeanne's freshness and youth that reveals the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble, illiterate peasant girl who has embarked on protecting her village and her natural intelligence . In no way deserves the hard criticism she received in the first release, it is a performance that is far beyond ken and the call of any first actress without a previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took over the secular view of Joan, as he sees her as a feminist medieval time, not content with being a rustic daughter to be married with fate, or a skirt raised by soldiers on the battlefields. Her beliefs, her voices and her visions, which intertwine with words like "imagination" and "common sense", lead her to wear the armor of her comrades to lead them to battle to persecute the invading Englishman from France. > <br /> Still, the film is more interested in the court of Dauphin (Richard Widmarka), a spiritual office that tries Joan under the leadership of Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, perfectly occupied) and the action of Warwick Earl (John Gielgud) , then in Joan himself. Excellent cast occupation (all men) depicts the characters of harassment, Machievellian (although the story precedes Niccolo) to opportunists who regard religion as a toy to be used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors a great deal of fun to relax. John Gielgud as an extremely rational Earl, whose intelligence (though accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the exact way he can assure that Joan is burning on a stake, and Pierre Cauchon Anton Walbrook brings this three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who gives Joan a fair trial he will surely find he is guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. Otherwise, you decide that Widmark will portray the weak future ruler of France in a terrible comic cartoon that is as close as the film comes to comic relief. A comic performance that feels like mimicking Jerry Lewis far more than the nasty future ruler of France. Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, cameraman Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who made "Life and Death of Colonel Blimp" in color. It is perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Premiere's preference for watching long continuous shots is the key to film efficiency, there is no sense of unnecessary movement anywhere in his mission-en-scene. This also indicates the direction of Preminger's most (and most neglected period) focuses on the conflict between the individuals and institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how it behaves according to its principles. These films have the most direct treatment in his film, and he always keeps things unpredictable and does not have a black and white answer. This is one of his best and most effective films.
