Fräulein The Doctor is as good a demonstration as any way that the once-great film industry in Western Europe has been declining over the past 40 years. Then, in the late sixties, while the great studios in Hollywood were on ropes, Italy, France and England, they were telling films that filled the emptiness left in Hollywood. There were photos of James Bond (Doctor No was a surprising hit in the US, was first released at Century Theater in NYC with a 99-cent afternoon admission), Clint Eastwood spaghetti westerns (with Fistful Dollars released by a distributor who had never suspected Italian producers dime) and French films crimes that usually took place in art houses, except for the Sicilian clan. And there were European co-productions like Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doctor. Fräulein The Doctor was very good at his time and with the talents of the world that the viewers have remembered the film for decades. Kenneth More, who plays the British Intelligence Officer, has a Doctor in Fräulein where he says someone can talk or play a wall. The wall is against shooting, with little likelihood that the spy won the game. This kind of cynical attitude played across the frontiers of the Vietnam War in 1969. The scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine were probably not damaging the chances of these artists to get parts in Hollywood movies, Hollywood studios are in the process of expelling their overseas distribution and manufacturing businesses. Fox will not co-produce films like the Sicilian Clan, Columbia will not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went further, sliced ​​almost all of the film production, sold its theater chain in India at the price of the land beneath it, and unloaded Borehamwood studio as Kerkorian scared the studio and earned money to build his casino in Las Vegas (where the Bally Casino Gift Shop sold MGM memorabilia on prepaid prizes, things left out of auction MGM warehouse). Paramount distributed Fräulein Doctor, but the bay and Western Charles Bludhorn, who took over the company and preserved in the studio age of the studio, unloaded the Universal Studios Film Library (as I remember) and really was interested in movies after production chief Robert Evans began to do one hit after another. But that was in the 1970s. Fräulein The Doctor with his lesbian scene was buried, with the cutting versions of the film that appeared on local stations in the 1980s. Kenneth More was typically as a vicious guy when he was older, especially Father Brown's BBC Detective Series. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he played his standard British officer. In Fräulein the Doctor had a chance to be much tougher than usual, as I recall. It would be nice to see if my memory of this movie is accurate, its role and, of course, the equestrian horses that wear gas masks and protective covers that came into battle. It was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director who helped this World War I spy movie, where production money actually appeared on the screen.
