This particular episode, Smallville, is probably the best episode to happen after a meeting. This is for many reasons. For example, the series returns to some of its roots. He welcomes Lionel of a long-awaited absence with the Luthorcorp Plaza office in Metropolis. This room has not been in Smallville for a long time, and seeing it again brings a lot of memories from the Malvil's past. Not to mention that Lionel's conversation with Lex is always admirable. Another nice suggestion is Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (aka Aquaman) and Victor Stone (aka Cyborg). Not only does Steven Deknight combine former court langers, it combines them with Smallville's formulation so unique that it almost feels like a feature film. <br /> <br /> From here you get a basic story, Green Arrow is a league, trying to blow up 33.1, Bart has captured, Clark saved him and the gear was thrown into the kingdom. Everything is good and charming, with a good combination of stealth, action, pace and tension. Oh, and Cyborg has some great new enhancements that are true to the character of the league leader :). Music is probably what makes this episode so good. If you remember well, the first episode of Steven Deknight was directed by Agless from the 4th season. It was an average episode, but something did not feel. maybe it was music or acting or actually clark sais at the end "we did not find you, you found us", some people lost faith in the formula. But fortunately, Steve Deknight redeemed in this episode of justice. <br /> <br /> I had several couples of justice that made 10 complete. Exhibition Ridge. I think it would be much colder if Green Arrow and Cyborg were heard on Oliver's bike (a memory of an episode of arrows). Clark and Impulse, of course, should run and the aquaman should swim differently. But it was so incredibly bizarre, it bounced 2 points out of full 10. <br /> <br /> Second, another cheese moment, not as bad as the first, but when Green Arrow sais "let's save the world". It raged me. Overall, when assessing performances, music, direction and production value, the profession prevails over the drawbacks and it is still one of the best episodes in the history of Smallville and maybe also the 2nd best episode in Season 6. <br /> 7 10 ...
