EL MAR is a hard, sharp, absolutely brilliant, brave piece of film art. Director Agustí Villarong, Adapted by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquidou from the Blai Bonet novel, created a film that tracks the deep effects of wars on children's minds and how this exposure kills the lives of adults. Though emphasis is placed on the murderous tattoos of the Children's War, it is clear that the transition to similar effects on soldiers and adults of adulthood. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to pamphletting: the end result has a much greater impact because of its natural nature after the childhood march to adulthood. A small group of children is portrayed in Spanish civil war in Spain, threatened tensions and invasive night defeats of citizens. Ramila (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are witnessing the horror of a man assassination and vengeance that drives one of them for murder and suicide. These children, with wide eyes, become adults, carry all the mental illness and trauma suppressed in their minds. Then we will meet those three who will survive to adulthood, where everyone is confined to a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "John" Morell (Juli Mira), and kept her lifestyle private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a delicate sexually suppressed homosexual man whose envelope is his commitment to Catholicism and blurring of vicious self-harm / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) became a nun and serves patients in the sanatorium. The three are re-connected with their environment in the sanatorium, and slowly each reveals the scars of their children's experiences of war. Tour is fond of Ramaline's love, Ramal longs for freedom from his Morell, and Francis has to face his own inner needs, covered by the white nun's custom. Sanatorium settings provide a graphical plane where the thin thread between life and death, between desire and love and between devotion and destruction. More detailed information would destroy the impact of the film on a particular viewer, but it is enough to say that it is graphic sex and full nudity (in some of the most beautiful films made in the film) and the viewer should be prepared to witness every form of brutality imaginable. For this viewer, these scenes are the most important and director Villaronga is to be delighted with his perseverance and bravery in filming this story so intensely. Actors, both children and adults, are great: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are especially well in extremely difficult roles. Jaime Peracaula's cinematography and Javier Navarreto's spooky music score serve the director's imagination. This hard movie, but highly recommended to those who were not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
