The series of Leslie Charteris novels about the dark dark adventures of Simon Thepolar ("The Saint") appeared on screen in the late 1930s with the emerging George Sanders as the Templar. It was a careful choice - Sanders would usually play villains with occasional "good roles" (ffoliott in FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE, the title hero in STRANGE CASE OF UNCLE HARRY, framed by Roberto Montgomery's "best friend" at RAGE IN HEAVEN). Here his willingness to bend the rules and violate the law is short for his "hard person," while his good looks and captivating behavior have meant that Templar was a suitable brown hero like "Boston Blackie" Chester Morris and "to some extent" Peter Lorre " Mr Moto ". <br /> <br /> Movies are not the best series of movie series - but they are repairable. Like in Rathbone Holmes or Oland's Chan, the show was often played by actors playing a role or playing new ones (Wendy Barrie, who appears in the second film in the series, opposite the hero in the movie). This and a little-known series of movies make the series a comfortable experience for audiences who hear the buzz of dialogue (always showing that Sanders has the mind that he is a step ahead of the bad guys) without noticing obvious conspiracy defects. All these mysteries are flawed by the fact that even the best writers of this genre can not avoid repeating old ideas over and over again. Here was the moment when it happened when one of the casts admitted his affection for Barrie, which he had long known. Shortly after trying to protect her from the police. But as the film dealt with the identity of the criminal clergy, it was obvious that this person was so sophisticated that he deserves to be a mysterious thought (ie, the Scenario concealed him as the least likely suspect). <br /> <Barrie is proof that her father (who died in prison) was painted by real criminals in a robbery gang. She has a few people who help her - jugglers like William Gargan - and she gets advice from the master to plan annoying burglaries that can not be tied to her. D.A. who has gotten his father convicted (Jerome Cowan), is determined to get Barrie and her gang. The only detective likely to be able to solve the case is Jonathan Hale, who shakes Sander but reluctantly works with him. <br /> <br /> Casting has some great moments in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat Willie Best's rich lobster dinner for Sanders. As a result, he gets a seriously upset stomach, allowing Sanders and Barrie to escape Sanders' flat. He must best remind him (if he feels better) to go to the place Sanders told him to go at a certain time. Gilbert Emery also has an interesting role. Typically, dignified people (such as a handsome husband in THE WORLD OF TWO WORLDS) play a socially prominent slap - whose extinction is reminiscent of the figure in the movie Bogart. Overall, a well filmed movie for the second half of the movie house of billing in 1939. You will have fun even if it does not stay in your memory.
