"Gespenster" The question of being in the German cinema cool <br /> <br /> In the last ten years there are not many German films that have taken me so well. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in this film "Gespenster". He has not been tempted to be seen in some places. Special character Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cold. But it's always in German movies. Everyone has to learn this coolness - it's realism in these movies. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes some sense because she steals and lies - she is such a girl is better that you never love her because you lose her. This is not clear for Nina's second girl in this movie. She loves her - and she would lose her. But Nina lost everything. It plays with gentle emotions and sad feelings. There is no way - but you have to take it, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. This is as often as it is in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not inside the company law - it's out there - and there she does not have a chance. These films are not trying at every place to give her a role inside. This is one of the problems - stupid break with conventions - criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actress plays this difficult part very interesting. On the other hand - there are parents - who are a pendant for both girls. They have a car - hotel apartment - they have money and live in a world with opera music. But the film is always at a certain distance. At the heart of this movie is one scene you will never forget. Two girls got casting. And there they should say how they find it together. In this scene Toni will be lying. She said a fantastic story - she has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversial way. There is no show in it. She looks at the bottom and says what's going to happen. That's a great moment. In the next scene at a party with red pictures, this feeling is happening - before Toni disappears ... Okay, the movie ends - in the German way coolneß - garbage - here the circle of sadness closes. But it was a moment - where something else is happening - and this moment was important. It's more than German coolneß - and moments in German cinematography are currently rare!
