"Gespenster" (2005), together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), Chris Petan's trilogy Gespenster, undoubtedly one of the German directors of Creme-De-la-Creme. <br /> <br /> Roughly "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was abducted as a 3-year-old child while her mother turned her head in Berlin for 1 minute - and never seen at all. Since then, her mother has been traveling to Berlin whenever there is an opportunity and is looking for a time-shredded photo for girls aged approximately the current age of her age. As we hear later in the movie, my mother was already many times convinced that she found her daughter Marie. This time, when he meets Nina, everything is quite different. The film does not bring a solution or a partial solution, and it is somewhat unsatisfactory. We do not even have the equipment to decide whether the mother is really crazy or not, whether her real daughter is still alive or not. Disappointment is over. After what we saw in the movie, it is imperative for Water not to be left because the auteur leaves Nina alone. A simple departure that symbolizes nothing has changed can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (eg "Umberto D."), but is displaced in "Gespenster". suggest the Freudian motifs in this film, let me put my own experiment: Why do not similar people know each other, especially people who know a similar person? It's a pretty mad question, she agreed from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the concept of an individual holds. An individual is a person who does not share any definition with anyone else. So the Aristotelian answer to my question is: They do not know each other because their similarity is a pure change. Everyone who is not crazy believes it. As for the case, if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly be changed, for example scarfs on the left side under the ankle or a heart shaped sign under the right shoulder? This is the metaphysical context from which this film is created, though I'm not sure if the director did not even realize it. Despite our modern, Aristotelian world, superstitions, preserved in the mythology of people around the world, that similar people share a part of their individuality and that this individuality is not something false but diffuse, so that the boundaries between people are open, such and similar views the strong backbone of irrational Islam despite our otherwise highly rational thought - the source of Gespenster of the most interesting kind.
