I am always surprised how many times you will see something about World War II on German national television. You think they do not want to open old wounds, but there is not a week that would take place without a documentary film or a movie about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way to deal with their past, I do not know, but you certainly can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it has to be said that most of the documentary films are really worth seeing because they never try to hide the truth and so can their films (such as Der Untergang or "The Downfall") perhaps now) that are also very realistic. One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". He tells a true story and deals with the theme of mixed marriages during the war, even though the film begins with a family in the US today. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly turned into an Orthodox Jew, although she was not too religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she starts digging in her mother's restless childhood, Hannah understands how little she knew about her mother's past. The fact that this film deals with the issue of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. As far as I know, there is no other film to deal with this topic. (For those who did not know it: He married a so-called pure Aryan man or a woman who was determined for many Jews not to be immediately sent to one of the concentration camps but to have to work at the factory). But it not only tells about the problems of mixed marriages, but also gives a good idea of ​​how these people often saw their parents and relatives. How hard it was sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, mostly women, did everything in their power to free their people once they were captured and locked in, for example, in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> Acting is really good, and the story is very well written, although what was mentioned at the beginning did not really do me (and that's exactly the only part you see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I'd miss out on much of what's happening today. At least in part, located in the US, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows about the mother's history certainly works. If you are interested in everything that has something to do with the Second World War and if you are not necessarily looking for a lot of action pictures, it is definitely a movie that you should see. This is not a movie where you will see some battles or clashes, but it is definitely an interesting movie because it gives you an idea of ​​the aspect of war that is little known. I give it 8/10.
