In Rosenstrasse Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a living tapestry of love and courage. The film features a family drama about mother-daughter theft, and the story of German women who protested against Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish spouses from a certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the film focuses on saving a child from the Holocaust by a German person, and the child's experience of losing her mother. While Mrs von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has changed, she does not use it to justify German society. In fact, he shows how in the midst of torture and extermination, wealthy artists and intellectuals of the German high society walked their lives and parties, and unconscious patients. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit Shiva, a seven-day period of sadness that takes place after a funeral where Jewish family members pay full attention to the memory and sadness of the deceased . When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is banned from receiving phone calls from her fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition she had previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah asked her about a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and promises to find Lin and discover the secrets of her mother in the past, > <br /> Her journey will take her to Berlin where she will find Lena (Doris Schade), who is now ninety years old, and interviews her under the pretext that she is a journalist dealing with certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an incredible memory, Lena tells her story that, as a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), she was looking for her husband, Jewish pianist Fabiana Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel) who had disappeared and was reportedly jailed by ordinary Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in the brilliant performance of Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are imprisoned in a former factory at Rosenstrasse. During the frosty night, German women meet, whose man is gathering outside the building, their number rising daily until they reach thousands of screams "Give us back to our husbands." Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She cares about her, protects her from the Gestapo, and raises her after her mother has killed her. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family, and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. After refusing her help from her father to liberate Fabian, she asked for help from her brother, who told a colleague officer, "I know what they are doing to the Jews. I saw it." Because of its support, she is so brave that she is bypassing the canals and going to the top where her beauty and charm are inherent to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known lion. While this fictional part of the film was criticized as demeaning to female protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in Rosenstrasse's decision-making. Director Margarethe von Trotta, an activist, feminist, and intellectual, is not alien to the political career. She directed the film about socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about relations between two sisters, one of whom resorts to political violence to achieve their liberal goals. In the film Rosenstrasse, in which she has been working for eight years, she had to compromise and complement the contemporary fictional element to make her film. That works so well is the honorable artwork of Mrs von Trotty and the beautiful screenplay of Pamela Katz, whose father was a Leipzig refugee. Events in Rosenstrasse lie to the Germans who say, "there was nothing we could do". Now von Trotta has proved the opposite that it is true that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that he did not take the example.
