Born in Berlin in 1942, Margarethe von Trotta was an actress and is now a very important director and writer. She was described, perhaps even unfairly cartooned, as a director, whose determination to bring the woman's sensitivity to the screen outweighs her artistic power. "Rosenstrasse," which received mixed and even strange reviews (the New York Times article was one of the most aggressive reviews I've ever read in this post), is not a perfect movie. It is a great film and testimony of the rare concurrence of successful opposition to the genocidal Nazi regime by all nations, generously helpless Germans demonstrating in Berlin's street. Collaborator von Trotta uses a real Rosenstrasse incident in connection with finding a young woman about the information that her mother never saw her life as a child in the German capital during the Second World War. Husband Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) died and in a surprising return to the orthodox Jewish lifestyle, seemingly still in a long break, Ruth not only "sits seve" (Jewish weekly ritual of sadness), but insists on adhering to the strict limitations of his faith. Her apartment in New York reflects the wealth secured by her deceased husband's work. Her native American daughter, Hannah (Maria Schrader) and her brother are a bit rejected by the precondition of limiting Orthodox Jewish practice, but her mother refuses coldly the presence of Hannyh's fiancé, the non-Jew by Luis (Fedja van Huet). He believes that the crisis could erupt because Ruth warns that he will refuse Hannuh unless he gives up the polite, handsome Luise. Stay tuned. The cousin comes to pay her respect and also drops the points of interest for those interested in Hannah's wartime secret about her mother's childhood in Berlin. Hannah is concerned - she asks her mother, who definitely refuses to discuss this part of her life. This is very, very realistic. I grew up with my parents who fled Nazi Germany just in time, and I knew many children whose families, in part, but partly, escaped the Holocaust. These days were not simply discussed. So Hanna, when she learned that the German woman was saving her life Ruth, would withdraw to Berlin, hoping to find a rescuer who still breathes. If it was not, it would be a very short film. But Ruth, who pretends to be a historian, finds 90-year-old Lena Fisher (Doris Schade), now a widow. As an interview, satisfied but shaken by suppressed memories, Lena tells her story, the scene is changing seamlessly between today's Berlin and the capital of war. Young Lena from 1943 (Katja Riemann) was an outstanding pianist married to the Jewish violinist Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the advent of the Nazi regime, Israel had to use it as an intermediate name, just as the Jewish women had to add "Sarah" to their names (by the way, I wish IMDb not to give Fabian a name on his list of characters with the fake "Israel" included - Nazis as a mark of classification and deterioration). While Germany deported most of its Jewish population to concentration camps, liberated persons who were married as "Aryan". For some time. Until 1943, when the regime also decided to accept (most of them were men, the minority was a Jewish woman married to other Jews). This exhibition is shown here in all its horrifying intensity. Young Lena tries to find her husband. Everything she and many other women know is that they are locked in a Rosenstrasse building. The mobs of anxious women are building up, some are pious to seek help from German officers who are predictably rejecting help and also verbally abusing them ("Jewish dear" is one sign). As a subplot, Lena more or less accepts eight-year-old Ruth, who was hiding when her mother was confiscated (remember that Ruth now sits in Manhattan). Child Ruth is a narrator of Svea Lohde. <br /> <br /> Through persistently angry protests, women will prevail at last. Men and a handful of women are released. As in the real story, the Nazis set out - one of those rare, almost unprecedented times when madmen acknowledged defeat in their murderous agenda (another was the end of the euthanasis campaign to rid the Reich of mental defects and chronic invalids, but that is another story). <br /> <br /> Von Trotta builds tension and every story of a woman is personal and universal. Hannah continues to prolong the aging Lena, who slowly, collects one, begins to suspect she is not interested in a common historian, but rather in someone who has to learn about the girl she saved, the child whose mother was murdered. /> Contrasts between the Rosenstrasse of 1943, a set and streets today in a busy, rebuilt, united Berlin provide a recurring thematic element. Today's Berlin carries heritage, but not the scars of a monstrous past. Von Trotta does it very well. The main actors are consistently impressive. Lena's husband, even though he is strong, is also apparently utterly helpless in weakening the prison with a likely view of deportation (which proves that all the characters - including the local police and the army - clearly see it as a one-way trip to oblivion). Elder Ruth is catalytically forced to confront demons long suppressed in his happy life in New York. Hannah is very faithful as a young woman, whose father's death raises the need to discover the past of her family. These things happen (even if the Times does not know it knows). Von Trotta's hand is certain, but not perfect. The scene with Goebbels on the soiree that enjoys Lena's violin is useless and fun. The suggestion that she might go to sleep with the minister of propaganda, the most fanatical highest Hitler's worshiper to save her husband, reduces the miraculous fulfillment of demonstrating husbands and relatives. Most German officers come from a central cast and are formed by Erich von Stroheim to "copy and paste" a Germanic temperament school. But that is understandable. The story of Rosenstrasse is the subject of books and articles, and some claim it is a paradigm for arguing that many other Jews could be saved if the Germans were to protest. Unfortunately, this argument is nonsense. The German women occupying the Rosenstrasse were deeply and comprehensively self-catered. Most Germans were placed on track somewhere between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. This is why the Rosenstrasse protest was practically unique. Whether someone buys or rejects the work of Goldenhagen that most Germans were willing to co-operate with real murderers, it can not be denied that pre-Nazi endemic anti-Semitism erupted from violating tensions in 1933. <br /> <br /> Elder Lena notes that what women have achieved was the "peak of light" at the wrong time. Most men and women were fleeing almost the death of survivors of the war. So the "beam of light," and the movie von Trotty is a lighthouse that shows that some were rescued by the courage of predominantly ordinary women, and for every preserved life there is an opportunity to celebrate. And it will always be. <br /> <br /> 9/10
