It was just another wonderful film of the Berlin festival. But unlike "Yes" from Sally Potter, which I saw a few days ago, when I left the cinema feeling a strong desire all over the world who wanted to accept the whole world and was happy to be alive, this time it was totally the opposite: There was something that dragged me down and the air suddenly felt cold and hard to breathe. It was as if everything was left unnecessary, every hope, all the future was taken to a dead place. Nina seemed to be pitiful and locked up, but then one beautiful day, it seems to be such a luminosity that opens the horizon and leads to believing in fulfilling its dreams. There was no one on her side, but suddenly she found a companion, out of nothing, someone who shared the most hidden feelings of her life. The person was Toni, a girl who does not seem to have roots, just like herself. But the name of the movie is "Ghosts" and the ghosts appear and disappear as they wish, is there no way to keep them? Spirits also represent the hidden fantasies of people, strange thoughts that capture your mind and are just perceived by yourself, hiding from all other people. Françoise, a French woman, is the victim of such spirits. She once lost her daughter in Berlin, who apparently scared her in the supermarket, only at a time of inattention. Now the time has passed and François is back in Berlin, still looking for a missing child. <br /> <br /> Nina could be the child, after all, she has the same scar at the ankle and the heart between her shoulder leaves that seem to be a true identity. And Nina accepts this idea, after all, she desperately needs a companion but also longs for her mother. But eventually it's empty, Toni disappeared with a man and her alleged mother turned out to be a sick woman. "Mary is dead," Françoisein concludes her husband, and the claim can not be more disillusioning. Nina is just a "nina," a girl without name, there is no hope of any divine fulfillment. There is no Mary in this world who would accompany our lonely life. That is why we finally see Nina herself, who is about to walk along the road ahead of her, into a future that seems hopeless and uncertain.
