I do not think many movies (especially comedies) have added an unforgettable dialog like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate it - you can see a remarkably long list of quotes on this thread - but every movie that can make objects such as protecting precious copper pipes rather than brass for plumbing in an unforgettable dialogue is amazing to me. It is not the only line that appears and will reprint on our memory. What about a restaurant waiter who regrets the planned marriage proposal because it would mean losing an old bachelor's client? Or a handsome older dog breeder who encourages his package to scream for the moon? Or Perry's (John Mahoney) description of the young student promise as a "moonlight in martini" (my favorite line). MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of a brilliant scenario, first-class direction and a good cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but the most sad). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney, and Danny Aiello are all involved in parcels and crusades that explore the nature of love and how to handle it. Is it a good thing to be completely in love? Cher and Cage finally seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that real love drives the individual crazy (and Cage also looks at it when he and Chera quarrels behind the house after returning from the opera La Boheme). There is an infidel man a way to avoid the thoughts of death. Dukakis believes this and (strangely - though not entirely convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis soon realizes that Gardenia's strange behavior is associated with unbelief, and Cher literally encounters Gardenia and his girlfriend in the opera (but Gardenia also encounters a similar infidelity to Chero Aiell). But coincidence also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin encounters Dukakis walking with John Mahoney and thinks he has a matter. There are also beautiful moments in the movie. Cherova's observation of flowers has led to one. Her hearing in the alcohol store and its solutions. But the best is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Chero's Uncle and Aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and sweet remark to Raymond about the effect of moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. It's close to flawless film. After seeing it over a dozen times for so many years, I can only find two points that do not look as smooth as they should be. When Cher is at Cage Bakery, his assistant Chrissa (Nada Despotovičová) mentions how secretly she is in love with Cage, but she was afraid to tell him. Earlier she got a little furious at Cher, and quickly put her in her place. It seems, however, that this potential rivalry does not happen. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to save his uncle and his aunt's daily business profits is for the moment brought to the final seven minutes of the movie - but it dropped as fast. Should there be any conspiracy lines that have been released, except for Chero and Vincent Gardenia, who worked in the homeless shelter for repentance? It's a little harassment, but I think it's just because of the desire to see more of this movie because it's so good.
