The hot-blooded move to this movie contains a wonderful element of romanticism that creates exciting passion! These characteristic features of the idealistic images that Moonstruck owns induce the final result of the outrageous Palestinian verdict by virtually every prominent critic in Hollywood. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, simply, they are "long". "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that raises the naivety of the old Italian quarter of New York. New York City has always been one big melting pot that is galvanized by a number of bars - some manners that suggest typical New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans living in New York City! In the mid and late 1980s, many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes came to a conclusion. The polarization of ethnicity was a firm embedded disaster in American history, which was more and more prevalent for several generations before the film was filmed. These generalizing tendencies still exist, but are more mitigated and less identifiable! For this Italian family of the past era, confusion, indecision, agitation and, of course, love, they all have a comic compartment of a completely human understanding of them! A related spirit with everyone in "Moonstruck" seems to be an understanding of individual weaknesses. One might think that Cher plays a major role, because he is more known as a baiter than a big billing star in the movie. At Moonstruck, however, I thought she was very good at her and she was trusted in a rather unbelievable situation. All the characters in "Moonstruck" are very rough around the edges, really tenacious, and are not afraid to have a huge fight with adversity. The most cheerful aspect of their lives is imperfection and they are thoroughly aware of the fact that the wind wind definitely serves a constructive purpose! I thought the acting in this movie was sensational. All the relationships in this movie bring a positive potential for living lighting, because everyone knows how they really like the vital nature of others! For this family nothing is charming, nothing is hopelessly romantic and nothing is too emotional (just a little). The fact is that this whole family is clearly and permanently affected and overcome by extremely earnest and sincere enjoyment in all their lives. Accepting lunar rays can literally have a pleasantly disturbing impact on one's decision, masked secrets, and resistance to proverbs. "This is all, the home and passionate principle in this film is basically one of them: Be honest, you are angry, Be honest, confrontational, Be honest, distorted and emphatic, And most importantly: Be honest and fall in love! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were greatly flawed in "Moonstruck", such performances of which were perfectly suited to the kinetic energies of the characters in this movie! Director Norman Jewison (known for "Cincinnati Kid," " Thomase Crowne Affair, "and best known for the movie" In the Heat of the Night, "which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1967, describes many intense and humanistic instincts to make this film a deliberate mismatch! , (partly the same) Cher is not Italian and therefore neither writer nor director! I think that since non-Italians like to eat our food , they can just as well use our culture to create a wonderful movie! It's refreshing to know that the movie can be amazing and has an incredibly happy ending! For those of you who did not like this movie, I only have one thing that I say: "Click on it!" This movie "Moonstruck" is absolutely happy! Eighty! and a total of five stars! Do you see that!
