This movie is still popular. Only such a demanding, humorous fool would not like this wonderful movie. This film feels like a slice of warm apple pie crushed with French vanilla ice cream! I think this is the best work Cher and her most likely performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, good looks and a brightly slim figure. Do you like her singing or not - who else sounds like Cher? Cher has definitely become a mark in the entertainment industry and will remember long after the others have come and gone. He is one of the most unique artists. It's funny, because who would think that Cher is so naturally gifted actress? He is head over the so-called movie stars of today. Cher is a real actor on the same level as Debra Winger, Alfred Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett, and several others, in that he never appears as "acting," is a really convincing figure. She has more than earned the respect of her peers and film audiences. Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - characters, scenery, dialogue, food. I'm never tired of watching this movie. Every time I look at the scene where everyone sits around the Rose House in the Rose House, I stop the remote control to find out what a great meal Rose is. I saw spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can not see if they eat ravioli, live? What is the main course? It looks amazing and it drives me! <br /> <br /> Everybody in this family was hard working and respected and acting on each other. His grandfather was not pushed aside and tolerated, he was a vital part of the family and was listened to and respected for his age and wisdom. She seemed to be a pretty healthy and independent old woman. <br /> <br /> Loretta Mum was not just a housewife, it was the glue that kept the family together and was a prime example of what a woman, a mother and a home manager should strive for. She was proud of the lifestyle she chose, but she did not allow her to define who she was. High-performance entrepreneurs are not as happy in their skin as Rose Casterini. Notice the sparkling way she said: "I had no children until I was 37. It will not end it until the end." You feel like this was a type of young woman who did just the way she was pleased and got on the road without the other person realizing what had happened. She was charming, fast and very clever. What a great mom! <br /> <br /> I did not like Loretta right now, because she looked a bit conscious - all that was not as adventurous as in controlling herself, how she wanted others to think. She could tell the others about themselves and where they went wrong, but she did not really make sense of her own life. She would marry a middle-aged boy because she wanted her husband and a sense of identity and a sense of life. She was much more common than her own mother. She dressed and wore her hair like a matron in the house of restraint, and she seemed to be without humor and bored, but under that you felt she was vulnerable and lonely and had a lot of love to give the right man. Probably ends up doing a great mom. In the future, I saw a house full of Loretta and Ronnie's loud, screaming happy kids, and Rose and Cosmo enjoy every minute.
