Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a maisonette apartment in Brooklyn. She is betrothed to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a fearless man who was more than a resigned duty than real love. Before the wedding, Johnny goes on a trip to visit his sick mother and let Loretto play an olive leaf with his brother Ronny by announcing his approaching wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive John for being the cause of his accident, which caused him to lose his hand (and consequently his bride), but for Loretto it's hard. After Loretto's outrageous experience of Johnny, he tries to avoid Ronny, but his dark appearance and strong masculinity take over. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband, Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), sees another woman, but is the subject of admiration from a university professor and asks why men chase women. Things get complicated when Johnny comes back from Sicily to tell Lorett they can not get married. The setting is a pure sitcom, but a story written by John Patrick Shanley, who deeply understands that Italian Americans live in New York, is true: he gets the idiosyncratic of these people and their daily weaknesses and sadness, and all the characters have deep romanticism going through key moments story. Loretta, a figure hardened by her husband's loss, and knew that her chances of happiness were slim, slowly emerging as a woman so overwhelmed by the sudden knowledge of love that he became the hero of La Boheme - the one who recognizes love a man with a wooden hand reversing gender), and Cher has a role and is doing it and in his own style gently sells his enchantment to a deep, dark beauty. Ronny's pure fire, and Nicholas Cage radiates the masculine power as if he were leading Marlon Brando. Castorini and Cappomaggi, balancing the central pair, express their love for themselves in two very important moments: the last couple, the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny finalize their affair - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy between the elders - and the former in a tense moment when she touches the words that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her lover Mona (Anita Gillette). MOONSTRUCK is not only a romantic comedy and a favorite film, but also a beautiful exploration of love and passion among ordinary people. The end is a tour of the emotional impact, the situation in the family goes beyond the immediate complications of consolidating it in the tradition that takes place in the days of immigrants, and it is a film that highlights this film of being just another good classical filter. MOONSTRUCK earned the Oscars for Best Writing, Actress and Actress in a Supporting Role.
