I saw Heartland when it was released for the first time in 1980 and I just saw it again. Age improves. Heartland is not just for Indian movie lovers. At a time when most American films are nothing more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland holds it as a piece of American history. It's also a reminder of how spoiled most of us are modern, urbanized Americans. Nothing in this movie is overvalued or fictitious. No one reveals any Hollywood movie speeches. Actors really live their roles. It really feels like a "small" movie, but in fact it's bigger than most Hollywood productions in more than billions of dollars. The film is based on the life of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better), widowed with her seven-year-old daughter, Jerrinou (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver, but wants more opportunities. She advertises as a housekeeper. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underestimated actors), a ranch, was born in Scotland, a widower himself, residing outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts a position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter are moving to Stewart's little house on the plot. It is clumsy, without the rangeland trees, instead of endless views, where only the sounds of these people and their animals interrupt. It is guaranteed that one will be small. Three characters take a long time without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart turns out to be quiet to be almost silent. "I can not talk to this man," Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before the winter," says the grandmother. Grandmother (Lilia Skala) is one of two other characters who can be seen more than briefly. She has emerged from Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years ago and now runs after the ranch when she is also widowed. Grandmother is their closest neighbor (and local midwife) and still lives ten kilometers away! The second supporting character is Jack Hired Hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinor's routine (and its employer) is one of endless, violent works where there are no modern conveniences, and where everything has to be done, either firmly or manually. This is the real meat of the movie: Watching the common life of these ranchers when they fight against nature to break out of the ground. But despite the constant strain and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. It is learned that the tract adjacent to Stewart is not claimed. Impulsively, he claims property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks of salary!), Which means that if he lives on (and actually has to live there) and works for ten years, he gets it. Of course, Stewart will know what she has done. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, without cattle, without credit and without assets, he has no chance to succeed. Then she offers a solution: she proposes marriage. Stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts. We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants land and free labor - but we see that, in fact, Elinore really loves and is born as a couple. Pregnant; walks to work in the middle of winter winters; Clyde travels on horseback rides through a storm ten kilometers from his grandmother and ten miles back just to announce that Grandma is not there. It's more like a real life than nice, people. Elinore has a child on his own without help. Their son is still a child when he gets worse and dies. It loses half of its cattle on a bad winter. They fight further. The last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of the calf. Clyde urges Elinor to help him deliver his calf. Instead of being the head first, the bastard is in the scene of the theft. He and Elinore must physically pull the blade from the born canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, trick, fakes or special effects: What you see is what happened to people: The body was born on a salty bed in a wooden barn with a light of light. With this, the movie has not as many ends as just stopping, so the audience is dissatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not only for its end. This small jewel rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be watching long after most of the films of the last generation have long forgotten.
