I'm usually crazy about romantic movies that are well shot and good. It is a romantic (period) film in the Italian 17th century, shot in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a periodic film means that it will inevitably be slower than the movies set in modern times, so it will be bored. If you can overlook this, it's really a good movie. Sceneries, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actress are very convincing in their portraits and show the intensity of emotions that go through the story. The story is like a sad love story with an unfortunate ending. It is easy to believe that this is the exact representation of real life characters. Despite the fact that I was actually the main hero and act, I decided to check the story and found out that the main theme of the film's story - a sad unfinished love story - was completely made. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, rather than presenting his backups voluntarily and passionately as the film was rendered. She had sex with her only because she had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, they did not allow rape to be raped because of the torture of Artemisia (as opposed to what the film portrays). In fact, he tried to portray Artemisia as a free, promiscuous woman with greedy sexual desires. In the movie, her sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with her cousin and Tassi's character all along appeared as if his sister had insulted him for his alleged affair with his (although she confessed that she had her wife back in Florence ). Needless to say, it really was not. In fact, it's far. Tassi was genuinely responsible for the planned murder of his wife, which he had raped from rape. And to that, Tassi had a real sexual relationship with her sister-in-law who had impregnated her, but this was not mutual - again, he had raped his sister-in-law before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple-sex offender, what do we do from the movie Artemisia, who portrayed him as a mistress? We will take this as an attempt to make this film a romantic film ... that this film has never been historically accurate ... In addition to these points, other historical inaccuracy as well as the interpretation of artemisian art (in real life has never been really influenced Tassi and was really considered to be a much better painter than ever before.) One thing remains true, and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi was credited as the first female painter of history, and although her artistic skills were able to compete with many of her men, she always she had difficulty getting enough recognition for her job due to her gender as a 17th-century woman in Italy. this film for his own needs, because it's a pretty good romantic drama, but he takes his historical references to the grain of salt.
