Rock solid giallo from Sergio Martino's film master. Made from the amazing scenario of Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking secret often develops a fascinating twist to an amazing finale that is mostly unseen throughout the movie. It's when everything has fallen into place so we can go, "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of her husband (..in the aircraft blast) and the million dollars the woman receives from him. There are those who are very interested in this money, one of which is, above all, a lover of a dead man. The woman is Lisa (Ida Galli), and Lara (Janine Reynaud) who calls for half the money. She tell Lisa that she knows her death has been secured to earn her insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer," Sharif (Luisa Barboa) to get the money. So this movie is already producing two possible suspects in a later Lisa murder, waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton features Peter Lynch. Peter is working for a company investigating those who have received an inheritance to find out if the day of payout has been collected suspiciously. When Lisa is murdered in his watch by a man dressed from head to toe in a black room in a hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to examine himself a little and help Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agency Benton (Tom Felleghy) to find a murderer. The killer strikes several times to exclude someone who turns around the missing million dollars confiscated by the person responsible for Lisa's murder. The film is soon met with journalist Cléo Dupont (Delicious and Tasty Anita Strindberg) as she meets Peter for dinner to try something that a story could bring her. They soon fall in love, but everyone who is close to Peter seems to be killed. Soon someone will attack Cléo with the intention of killing, further expanding investigations into uncharted territory. Why would anyone want to harm journalists without the facts to harm one killing of people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is quite clever and exciting to follow. The movie never turns, which is quite remarkable because it is so happening, and so remains the open question of identity killer. This film tracks the gialli track with foot chips due to a particular pattern the killer took (throat and lower torso). The film's conclusion conceals all the difficult free ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but it delivers the goods in terms of plotting the plot and performing secrets.
