Sergio Martino stunned me at the last minute with his classic Giallo "Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" and the unforgettable title "Your Vice is a locked room and just got the key" - but I still did not expect too much of this movie. The case of Scorpion's tail did not mention the same as the above titles in terms of classical discussion Giallo - but I do not know why, because it is at least as good as these two! Dario Argento may be "King" of Giallo, but with the five films he has made - Sergio Martino is certainly not too far away. In some ways, it even exceeds the master. All of Martino's films were released in front of the jewel in the Argento crown, the beautiful Profondo Rosso, back in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The task is followed by the idea of ​​murder for the purpose of profit, and pursues the insured performance of the rich man. His wife inherited 1 million dollars, and it's not long before people for her blood! When the dead appear soon, the insurance investigator and the fierce and attractive young journalist will follow the case. The case of a scorpion tail may not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but does not have two of Martino's co-workers on board. The best known is George Hilton, who worked with Marin on Mrs. Wardh and all the colors of the dark, along with many other Giallos. Hilton has a great screen shot and every time I see him in the Italian thriller; it is obvious why he is repeatedly occupied. Beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered from your vice help, is a locked room, stars along the Hilton and excellently provides the classic female woman Giallo. Sergio Martino takes a good look at the director's chair, with some beautiful scenes - the best of which takes place in a room freshed by green lighting! Bruno Nicolai's (Wardh) score will greatly set the mood, but the script is again the driving force behind Martin's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer for Martin's other four Giallo, has compiled a script that is thrilling when he stays away from the common Giallo, which makes no sense; thus releasing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The case of Scorpion's tail is a quality film Giallo and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you will love it!
