Sergio Martino's The Scorpio's Tail is a scenic giallo from the early 70's when it became a genre. An explosion on an airplane results in a million dollars in insurance money to the surviving but unfaithful woman. The money is then stolen by the black cloak of the murderer, followed by a series of brutal murders. Scorpio's tail plays a mysterious element written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, fairly straight. But be giallo, the murders themselves are unforgettable and well organized. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong - the broken bottle scene is particularly graphic. Emphasis on violence, undoubtedly influencing the giallo genre, to move to increasingly extreme territory. But as the best films in the genre, brutality is compensated by good results and attractive photographs. Bruno Nicolai's music sometimes recalls the avant-garde work of Ennio Morricone in The Bird with crystal feathers, but is also strong in itself. Photographing helps to make good use of foreign homes - in this case, London and Athens - where Martino is able to reach Parliament Houses and the Acropolis! There is also some inventive camera work, the most effective is the use of slow motion in the sequence where the woman runs toward the door where the maniac walks out. In this particular scene, Martino has a killer over a door with a knife in a manner influenced by Crystal Plumage Dario Argento, but also a killer attempt to fire the latch to open a knife with a knife, which is something to repeat later Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film has an effect on herself. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid giallo that fans of both the genre and the non-genre can appreciate. The outputs are good and the production values ​​are good (although the aircraft's explosion is, say, a rather low budget!). DVD release from NoShame is nice. It has both English and Italian, which is a real bonus. However, it should be emphasized that sometimes you have to be a fast reader who fully appreciates the possibility of English subtitles. This applies both to the movie and to the document in the add-ons. However, this is a small point, the DVD release is a good addition to any giallo collection.
