Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed a lot to the Italian genre film and if I think his Gialli of the 1970s are undisputed peaks in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. The Story of Scorpio Stories from 1971 is one of these impressive movies. Martino contributed to the most certain genre of Italian horror and further proof that man is a master of atmosphere, style and tension. My personal favorite Martino of the films I've seen is still madly brilliant "Your Vice is a Locked Room and Just a Key" from 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" (1971 ), which I personally like even more than this one. This is purely a matter of personal taste, but "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential to any fan of Italian horror film and tension in general. The film, which has been providing exciting tensions from the very beginning, has a complicated and gripping plot that begins with the mysterious disappearance of a millionaire who died in an airplane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is entrusted with checking the circumstances of an insurance company to pay a large sum to the wife of the deceased. Soon after Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders ... "The Scorpion Case Thing" perfectly delivers all the elements of great Giallo needs. The film is very tense from the beginning, Bruno Nicolai's score is great, the plot is surprisingly complex and the identity of the killer remains a secret to the end. Regular manager George Giallo George Hilton again offers outstanding leadership. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely fascinating in women's leadership. Includes Luigi Pistilli, one of the best Italian filmmakers of the 1960s and 1970s, and Albert De Mendoza, another great actor who should be known to all lovers of Italian film. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is really a great environment for Giallo. Atmosphere is constantly grasped and great shooting and Bruno Nicolai's ingenious score makes the tension even more intense. A Long Short Story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo by Sergio Martin and the absolute necessity for every fan of the genre! Stylish, thrilling and great in all respects!
