I'm really tempted to reward the "Scorpion Scorpion Case" with a solid 10 out of 10 ratings, but that would be largely because I think the Italian horror cinema of the 1970s is much better than the cheese cakes I usually watch. But without any further point of nostalgia, it's still a true masterpiece and a high rating for an excellent complicated story, a wonderful atmosphere, bloody soaked killing sequences and excellent casting choices. In my humble opinion, it's really the best Siario Martino, and that's something like "Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh," "All the Darkness," "Torso," and "Your Vice is Locked Room and Just Key" . But this movie is just a little bit better than its ultra-convincing plot is turning to insurance fraud scrambling out of control. After the death of her husband in a plane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes a suspect owner of one million dollars and longs to leave the country as soon as possible. Because of the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company said its best investigator Peter Lynch for the case, and he followed her to Greece. There, Lisa will be the target of many attacks, and the case of secrecy is increasing when it turns out that some people are looking for money. I am always terribly anxious to briefly sum up the gialli because I do not want to risk distributing the basic elements of the plot. In the case of a Scorpio tail, the events will come suddenly and completely unexpected until the story is even halfway, and I certainly will not want to destroy it. Many red herrings follow, but Sergio Martino will always succeed to stay ahead of you, and although not 100% satisfying, the revelation is at least surprising. It's also a very stylish movie, with an imaginative camera and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Every favorite giallo muse, Edwige Fenech, has been surprisingly unlucky for this cast (she plays in 3 other top Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin") is more than a good substitute for her. Charismatic and inconspicuous George Hilton is as reliable as ever in his insurance role and ?? duh ?? ladies man deluxe. If you are a giallo fan, do not wait as long as I did to WATCH THIS FILM !!
