Joan Crawford has just begun her stage of "working girls doing good" with the dynamic "Pay" (1930). She never tried to play such a role, and the critics were amazed. So while other actresses were interested in why their career is falling apart (because of figures that a couple of years ago were "in"), Joan listened to the public and ensured her long life as an actress. Here was the depression, and the children of Jewish age who survived the endless round party frowned. Of course, if you have become rich through immoral means, but you have suffered - it was all right. The film starts with a spectacular fleet. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone go swimming in their underwear! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, due to losses on the stock exchange, Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends are. After Bob's Townsend (Johnny Mack Brown) decided to "do the right thing" and get married to her - spent the whole night together when Bonnie had declared (with abandonment) that she wanted love for approval - by deciding to get a job. She finds a job in the paper and has a quick impression on her will to do well. Her working friend is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and gives them the task of writing about the crowd's inner activities. Rodney is also surprised by the novelty that he also has a job. She is excited about him but soon realizes he is bootlegging and he is mixed with the cold blood of the killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses bulk shooting and shatters, "pouring beans" on the first person he sees at the bar - which is Bert. Then he is forced to kill Berth and then hiding. The paper pulls all stops in search of Bertin's murderer and sends Bonnie as a dancer to one of Jake's clubs. (Joan makes a very lively dance to "Accordian Joe" - much to disgust Sylvie). The film ends with a gun battle, and when Rodney dies, Bonnie slits in his story. This is a great movie with Crawford and Gable that gives them everything. Natalie Moorehead, who shared Sylvie with the famous "cigarette scene" with Gable early in the film, was a stylish "other woman," who had her fashion at the beginning of the 1930s. William Bakewell had a huge career (he began as a teenager in Douglas Fairbanks in the mid-20's). Many of his roles were weak, unmanned characters. In this film he played a weak brother and was utterly overshadowed by Joan Crawford and dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - perhaps that's why he never became a star. We highly recommend.
