Ahista Ahista is one small little brilliant. I started watching her and at first I was a bit bored because it was slow and the main idea of ​​a guy who met a lost girl was not really new. But as the film continued, I began to grow more and gradually devoted myself to film, fantastic writing and charming romances. The film was incredibly simple and natural, and after some time I felt I was looking at the actual documentation of a person's life. It's one very good reason why the movie got this feeling, and that's a new talent called Abhay Deol. He is utterly convincing as the simple, kind and fervent Ankush, whose new love motivates him to improve and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as an ordinary malicious prankster, but also as a helping and loving person who, like anyone else, does anything to protect his love. Deol portrays all the different shades of his character, whether positive or negative, naturally and absolutely simply. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair works very well. His portrayal of people's lives in the countryside is excellent, but what is even more impressive is his portrayal of Ankush's relationships with the various people surrounding him, including his friends and love interest Megha, who is ready for anything. I really liked the way Nair introduced her interaction with the loud and full mother of her friend she called "khala" (aunt). She likes to drive her crazy and bothers her at every occasion, yet we see that he takes a very special place in his heart and is like his mother, as evidenced in several scenes. With the exception of Abhay, the rest of the cast proved good. Though Soha Ali Khan did not look like me, she was good and had some magic of her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, just like the actress who played Ankush's "khala." In addition to performances, the film was excellent. Dialogues were as ordinary, but brilliant and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly because, despite the not so new story, it was never exaggerated or melodramatic, and there were no attempts to make it look bigger than life. The greatest weakness of the film was the indescribable music of Himesh Reshammiy, which was inappropriate for this film. Otherwise Ahista Ahista was a wonderful patrol that improved with each scene. The concept may not be new, but the film has made it look fresh and becoming more and more alive as the story goes. The end was bitter, a bit sad, yet optimistic. In short, this movie is really growing on you, and it can easily be attributed to wonderful writing, moving moments, enchanting romanticism, realistic procedures and, of course, an unforgettable performance by Abhayel Deol.
