The story concerns Ankush (Abhay Deol) - a professional marriage witness, just acting as a witness for couples in the marriage register - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who escaped from her home at Nainital to marry her loving interest in Dhiraj Shayan Munshi). The story begins with Meghou waiting for the Dhiraj registration office to appear, but for some reason does not appear. So Ankush comes to the picture that turned to Meghu with the intention of earning Rs. 200 for his testimony and eventually helping her by providing her with a shelter. Ankush grows on his side by working in the Bank as Agent ... Ankush falls in love with Meghy and she falls in love with him (or kind of love), both agree to marry and Dhiraj returns to the picture. Unexpected circumstances happen, in fact, I should say the expected circumstances with unexpected reactions and then .... The film story is actually somewhat different from the films we see and I think it will not be accepted. masses, but if you're a movie angry like me and I like to look at something else, you'll enjoy the movie. The film is an innocent love story, written very well by the characters Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so natural that you feel like things have happened with the guy next to each other. Music on the background of the film also plays a very good role, it's just too good. The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a new feeling. <br /> <br /> So let's say it and summarize it. Story: A very common story takes place very well and transformed into a wonderful experience. <br /> <br /> Music: Well, because it was the creation of Himesh Reshammiy, so I did not expect much, but I still liked some songs from the movie including Qawwali. <br /> <Abhay Deol was the most impressive, very natural and innocent actor, but he should stay away from singing in songs. Soha Ali Khan, it's a doll, a very cute doll I have to say. Again very innocent and natural acting, and these two actors fit perfectly into their characters. In addition to these two, Shayan Munshi needs some acting lessons and can be just a few layers of fat to cover the bones. Other actors did their job well. <br /> <br /> Stars: I would also give him 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie if it is being watched in the theater, I would recommend watching it in the theater if you are furious and take unusual stories. Otherwise, wait until the DVD arrives. The film certainly will not like the masses, and the business it can do is from oral publicity.
