The melodrama of this period is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters imprisoned inside the room are prevalent throughout their work, and over time they will become more and more prominent in showing their helplessness and engaging the audience in their terror. The seamlessly enclosed room is one of the main differences in the normal fence line because there really is no leak. Griffith achieves a claustrophobic effect in two ways. The first is its use of space. While a typical Biograph short can make use of dozens or more files, the enclosed room has only two adjacent rooms? the king's yard and the dove, which will become the tomb of the same name. File design in these shorts is rarely referenced, but here is a crucial one. The courtyard is a large interior, whose backdrops indicate a greater depth and show us a window and a staircase. Actors enter and leave from different directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. On the other hand, the dove's back wall is very close to the camera and the angles in it indicate a hexagonal or octagonal shape, making it seem even more closed. The second technique, which is shown here, is cutting. Anyone interested in Griffith's work is likely to know about his heavy use and cross-sectional development to build excitement or tension. Many will also know that it is not his invention. However, what makes Griffith cross sections so effective is the way they move opposite images to complement each other. The enclosed room contains a good example of what I think. Masonry shots that push heavy bricks are slow, step by step, to them, with tension as the wall rises. This motion is associated with shots of blond unconscious lovers in which Marion Leonard tears petals one by one. As soon as the couple realizes their situation, their growing panic is complemented by the opposite shot of the king, who madly throws the sword into the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith still did not realize that the action could be further increased by introducing a third spring to the cross section. The dramatic "rescue ride," which was not here, later became the standard peak for Griffith's photographs.
