In 1909, D.W. Griffith made films for Biograph for about a year and? works at two or three weeks? he quickly began to develop his skills as a filmmaker. "Closed Room" is a very interesting 11 minute short, fascinating Gothic melodrama that even gets somewhat immersed in the realm of horror. The simple story was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 story "The Cask of Amontillado," and refers to a powerful king who thinks he is a kind sadistic form of revenge to punish his infidelity. <br /> <br /> Medieval Times The "Sealed Room" begins with the King (Arthur V. Johnson) who oversees the construction of a windowless room from a separate dove, the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. She obviously falls in love with her, always showing her affection, this last act is the ultimate success of his pleasure. However, ignorant of the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minister (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic encounter inside a specially constructed room, a wife and a minstrel are discovered, and the broken heart of the heart presents a way to get their revenge on an ignorant couple. Silence ordered his workers to seal a single door with stones and mortar, slowly falling into gloomy madness, each new stone being placed down. D.W. Griffith always had an eye for acute details, and "Closed Room" is an excellent example. Rich costumes of the medieval century give the film a sense of reality and the interior of the castle looks to be credible. At that time, he was also a pioneer of methods of creating tension, and I must admit that, as the film progressed, I tried to find out what would happen to unhappy young lovers. In the early minutes, Griffith limits his shots to long long shots from a stationary camera (as was usual at the time), but soon? parallel to a gradually darker subject? fascinatingly adjusts his editorial tactics. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith was crucial to popularizing the use of "cross-sectional"? it is the alternation between the different events that occur simultaneously. Not only does this create a sense of continuity but also maximizes the level of tension because we, as an audience, are well aware of not only royal activities, but also that the wife and the minstrel do not know everything. <br /> <br /> Despite these novelties, the "closed room" suffers from many of the shortcomings typical of this time. The whole movie takes place in just two rooms, and the shots are captured from a total of only three positions, and so it is prone to become sometimes boring and monotonous. Actor's performances are greatly exaggerated for another effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his overestimation actually contributed to recognizing the escalating madness of the betrayed king. For a while, when I thought they were particularly effective, both lovers attempted to leave the room just to find a single entrance replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panic reaction, accompanied by the silent maniacal cry of the king, is very well used to create an upcoming claustrophobia. But I thought their oxygen supplies were exhausted quickly.
