After not having been fortunate enough to sell his screenplay to the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 dramatist D.W. Griffith gained a work that would make him a legend: he was hired by a biography company as a film director. Griffith did not expect to do so when he decided to enter the film but accepted a job, and in less than a year he became Biograph's most successful director thanks to his original approach to the film and his wildly inventive narrative. Many years later, in 1915, he will lead the "Birth of the Nation," a film that would revolutionize filmmaking and make him one of the first respected authors of the film. but much of what made him a great filmmaker can be found in many of the short films he made for Biograf in the early years of his career. In 1909, "Sealed Room" is one of the few and also one of the few horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "Sealed Room" is a story of the 16th century in which Count (Arthur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small, yet comfortable and very cozy room because it is designed to use the love and companionship of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard), a private way. However, the Earl does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful because it is dedicated to Minstrell (Henry B. Walthall) in the court with which he has a matter. Once the Earl begins to work with her own life, Countess calls Minstrel, and the two lovers go to enjoy the new room of the Count. When the Count returns, he discovers that he is missing and begins to suspect and eventually finds two lovers in his room; but rather he does the scene, rather he stays hidden when he decides that the punishment of his unfaithful woman is better: to seal a room without a window without sausages inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular associate Frank E. Woods, "The Grabbed Room" takes elements from "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar Allan Poe and "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac to create a Gothic melodrama based on the topics of betrayal and sadism. Although Runtime has 11 minutes, Woods' scriptplay develops the story very well and plays remarkably with the horror elements of the story. While the melodrama in the heart, Woods focuses on the character of the Earl and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of these early times. "Closed Room" is certainly a very simple and basic story, but Woods deals with the dark and morbid thematic motif of his story, making the story a very entertaining film that was very different from most Griffith melodies. <br /> <br /> In a "closed room," Griffith uses his talent to experiment with tension and tension different from his usual. While he often played with adaptation to create thrillers that excited his audience, he focused on desperation and horror in this film and played with the natural feeling of claustrophobia that had source stories. Interestingly, this story begins as another of its melodrama, and the pace is slowly expanding, as horror motifs begin to dominate the plot, culminating in its great use of finishing for the final scene. It's not a movie where camera tricks are necessary, and what is most in Sealed Room is Griffith's ability to drive his actors because the legendary director can bring the best of his cast in his usual natural style that was usual in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast was composed of the usual Griffith associates, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as the Earl. Johnson gives great performance and really transforms the character's transition from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. Its performance is not without a touch of surprise, but in reality it brings the realism of exaggerated personality figures. As Countess Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, conveying a natural spell that makes it harder for her to betray her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as a handsome Minstrel, and although not one of his best performances, he can provide a perfect acting that also adds to the film a pleasant comedy. While there is no real importance for plotting, it's nice to see other members of Griffith's stock company, such as his wife, Linda Arvidson and the young Mary Pickford, as court nobility. masterpiece, "Sealed Room" is a remarkable exercise workout that creates the tension and strain that Griffith did at the time. The film has a very good design and, at a very low budget, Griffith's detail care makes it look very convincing and works perfectly with its directorial style. Changing the focus on horror makes him, among other things, his films of that time, and Johnson's performance as a sadistic countess is good for his watch. While Griffith will always remember his very influential (and controversial) "Birth of the Nation," the early short films he previously made really give a good idea of ​​the development of techniques and style that would make him a legend. Simple but elegant, "Sealed Room" is a fun movie that you can watch and one of the few first deck of the 20th century. 7/10
