Excellent P.O.W. the adventure that Eric Williams adapted from his own book (a paper copy of my father's library) that was inspired by true events; it can also be the first film of its kind and hence has a lot to answer? not just similar examples with rigid tips such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953), COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER (1959), but higher profile leaks from the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). It then puts the fundamentals quite solidly: British soldiers interned in the German camp are inventing a sophisticated escape plan and borrowing a page from a Greek legend? digging under the arched horse used in physical exercise and taking a full look at his abductor! In fact, the film is neatly divided into two halves: the first one deals with the slow tunneling process that culminates in the escape itself, while the last stages show their wealth outside the camp when they try to get to neutral Sweden. Typically, from these British films, several star stars (Leo Genn), contemporary (Anthony Steel) and up-a-coming stars (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) present not to talk about countless reliable actors (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three leading / escape are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two are holding together, the other going in his own way? only to reach out to others to achieve security. As can be expected, narration involves a lot of tension and excitement; as with most P.O.W. sagas and feminine interests are kept to the least. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and somewhat similar (though with the change of setting and view) the city as ALICE (1956) its most spectacular achievements? but in this case he has certainly come across every amazing situation (although allegedly late in filming he saw that Lee prematurely left his post, so producer Ian Dalrymple let his free ends!). Anyway, exceptional lighting (especially in night time sequences) is worth mentioning.
