This is the true story of how three British soldiers fled from the German prison camp Stalag Luft III during the Second World War. It is the same POW camp that was the scene of the Great Escape, which resulted in the murder of fifty captured Gestapo officers (and later became a very successful film of the same name). <br /> <br /> While the other Stalag Luft III warriors are busy on their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick & Harry), two enterprising British prisoners came up with the idea to build a wooden arched horse, they could be placed near a compound wire , shortening the distance they would have to tunnel from this starting point to freedom. The idea to build their version of the Trojan horse came to them as they discussed "classic" escape attempts and watched some prisoners of war playing a jumping frog in their composition. <br /> <br /> Initially, one and later two prisoners were hiding inside, the wooden horse could be bundled and placed almost on the same place, near the fence, on a daily basis. While the POWS volunteers sprouted over the horses, the escape was busy inside the digging horse tunnel under the vaulted horse while it was placed near the wire, under the wire and into the woods. The story also describes in detail the dangers two out of three escaped prisoners faced when traveling through Germany and occupying Europe after they left the tunnel. All three prisoners who tried to escape have actually hit home runs (successfully escaped to their home base). The wooden horse gives a very precise and true sense of tension and events of fall escape. The film was shot in real places along the route that two attackers traveled in. Made much less than Big Escape, The wooden horse is much more realistic, if not more amazing than the Big Escape, and will never keep you from the edge of your seat so the prisoners can get rid of the escape. <br /> <br /> The story line is sharp and the actors' rings are true and are tight enough to keep the tension across the film. The wooden horse is based on the one-episode book by Eric Williams, and is by far the best story of a prisoner of war ever shot in the movie. Some real prisoners were used in the film to repeat their existence as prisoners in the Stalag Luft III. I give this movie deserved ten.
