SPOILERS Sex? It is one of the most fundamental parts of human life. Still taking it too seriously? People always want more, even those who receive them daily, and if you are unlucky, there are potential changes to life (creating) consequences. Paradoxically, people claim that they all begin to have sex at a younger and younger age (despite the Victorians who marry and have children in their early teens) and therefore it must be getting harder for those who get to the point as virgins. Steve Carell's first big screen plays a man who has reached 40 years without having mastered it. We are dealing with countless human and extreme sex-related events, not to mention absurdity rather than an episode of "Eurotrash," about the general conspiracy of the film, and its principle sounded unbelievable. It is a pleasant surprise because there are an incredibly large number of those who have hit the brand and left the audience in hysterics for all the inappropriate, unsuccessful jokes. <br /> <br /> Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a nice guy with good work and pleasant temperament. At the same time, however, he does not threaten life very seriously, and after being invited to the poker game as a necessary fifth member, Andy's friends discover his secrets. At the age of 40, Andy is still a virgin. Now, for many reasons, but especially pity, all three men (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romany Malco) offer Andy's advice for the sole purpose. To get him out of his misery and get him laid. One of the few good things about "Anchorman," it will be just a matter of time before Steve Carell got his own lead. Impressively, "The 40 Year Old Virgin" does not disappoint. Shows a hopeless, shy virgin to perfection, Carell is a revelation when he gradually becomes more confident when the council starts to help. Carell is not in itself in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco, and Catherine Keener as a love interest are excellent. Rudd is personally liked as a love sick by David, who breaks up and shares the best scene with Rogen when the two quarrels about homosexuality. The biggest surprise about this movie is not so, many jokes have hit the mark, but in fact it's a clever way of reversing the message on the head. Obviously, for Conservative America, the whole tone of the film evolves from a simple story of sexual conquest into safe sex and abstinence. A virgin does not need sex to complete her life, she only needs confidence and true love. It's a worthwhile message to preach, and it's a great improvement you expect at the beginning of the movie. It's strange to see a rough comedy that's always fun and well-functioning, but low, "40-year-old virgin" is just that. You also have a significant message and you are on the way to a top-class comedy. Surprising joy.
