As we all know, the genre of sexual comedies is pretty full. Simply overly horrible is no longer enough. I have seen and heard so many disgusting jokes and actions that the sexual comedy really needs other positive points that could appeal to me today. Coming to a 40-year-old virgin I knew what to expect; I saw the ads in the end; "Is it true that if you do not use it, will you lose it?" What I did not expect to find is hearts and honest attempts to develop character. Still there are the strange characters we see in Adam Sandler's films, and that's still a pretty inappropriate language to sink Noah's ark, but some movie has a useful love story and yes the message. <br /> <br /> The main character Andy is (unfortunately, for me) a person I can relate to. In the first picture I can see that she even shares my love with Mystery Science Theater 3000 (he has a film poster on his wall), and through the film we see his really neat collection of antiques. Andy also has a lot of video games and film and technology skills. Andy does not want to buy a car because he prefers a bicycle. The most important of all; Andy is a nice person, he does not intercede and respects women so much that he remains from them. Combine all these factors, and everyone begins to think he's a serial killer. It's like my life story. The other characters have every funny little story to put along with their little exaggerated personalities and they all work at a certain level, but not as Andy does. I felt it was a bit disturbing, because Andy and his girlfriend Trish are really the only real characters in the whole movie. I suppose when I mentioned one error, another visible to the light. The story is smart, but too predictable, and when it comes to romance, it's quite simple. It's Andy's relationship with Trish for a long time, and we all know what's going to happen. Sure, his final detour is a bit different than we might expect, but you know what's going to happen, and I assure you he's doing it. These are definitely small spots on the film, but there are so good that I can easily ignore the few mistakes. When I say "good" I mean, of course, "bad". It's a sexual comedy and wants to be bad. For the most part, I think it has succeeded. There are so many fun scenes like Andy trying to get rid of an erection after rejecting sex with Tris. Or the scene when Andy goes with the daughter of Trish into the class of sexual education, where she finally puts more questions than anyone else. Ah and we must not forget that we will soon have the classic sequence "Ooh! Como with llama!" An interesting little note about the scene; actor Steve Carell actually wore his stomach and the pain shown is real. Of course, it was just one, but it was still a very daring thing to do on his part. <br /> <br /> Actually, since we're talking about Steve Carell, I'd like to say he's now on my list of acclaimed comedians, which is a little strange because I did not even know who was before seeing this movie . I was so overwhelmed by my writing, acting and timing that I really want to watch his future roles now. This person has a talent that is proven by a 40-year-old lady. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I had doubts about this movie, but the early word was positive and I knew it was something I finally saw. I'm glad I did it too much, because it's probably one of the funniest movies I've seen for a long time and doubling because something you feel is worth watching. It's not just a series of sexual gags centered together, but rather a series of sexual gags connected with a very useful character and a really touching romance. Now he will apologize to me when I'm destroyed by my gut; I can not believe I just wrote ... <br /> <br /> My Frider Waves reviews: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page=virgin
