The key to The 40-Year-Old Virgin is not just that Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but rather the way Steve Carell represents him as one. In the genre crass "comedy", which has become a typical lack of humor and eye-catching characters, the 40-year-old virgin offers a colorful cast and intelligent, hearty script that does not use its protagonist as the end of cruel jokes. The fact that Andy is still a virgin for forty years is not really a joke, because it's curiosity. Carell, veteran of the Ferrell team at Anchorman and a former member of the Daily Show, uses the concept of film to expand his character? we can understand why Andy is the way he is. These are the small things that make this movie work. When Andy's co-worker in the electronics store asks what he did for the weekend, Andy describes his unsuccessful cooking efforts. When Andy rides a bike, he works, signaling his turn. He not only adorns his home with action figures? he is painting them and talking to them, revealing that some of his old age belonged to him. A little comedy would not even begin to focus on all these things. <br /> <br /> The plot is fairly simplistic? Andy's colleagues find they never have sex, and they make a personal assignment to get him to bed with a woman. It's a childish idea, and the film does not hide his youthfulness. Andy's friends are completing his neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) has farewell to his girlfriend more than two years ago, but Jay (Romany Malco) is a female ladies man and Cal (Seth Rogen) is a sexaholic tattoo. Their attempts to make Andy back in bags several times, and each time he leaves Andy feeling less and less optimistic. Andy finally meets Trish once (played by Catherine Keener), and much of his frightening friends, who say that mothers are not worth it, falls in love with her. Do they start a relationship and agree to postpone sex in twenty days? Trish does not realize that Andy is still a virgin. The 40-year-old virgin was directed by Judd Apatow, the man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Guy, and began the short-lived TV show Freaks and Geeks. Apatow is renowned for its unique sense of humor and script? co-wrote Carell? offers plenty of options. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting and surprising aspect of the 40 year old Virgin is her maturity. Now you are probably well aware that the film has received glowing reviews from critics and even surprised me with its warm income. But after seeing the movie, it's easy to understand why. I like Andy. We are interested in him. He's not just a cardboard cut of sex-comedy cliché? it's a real, lively, breathing person. His neurotic features slides the best of Woody Allen's childish naivety. His friends are not enemies and his romance is stormy and bitter. It's a chord with the audience. Although it is by far the perfect film and certainly has a somewhat harsh touch and sexual humor, it will not threaten the extent to which other genre records could have because we have a love affair with people on the screen. Do the best sexual comedies work this way? from venture to American pie? and that's the main difference between something like a 40 year old virgin and 40 days and 40 nights.
