Well, here's the deal: if you're easy offended, then you might want to stay away, far from this. Some painful moments in the movie, but I blushed as much as I laughed. In fact, I was probably more reddened than I laughed. And if I was not really reddish on the outside, then I blushed in. If there is absolutely nothing in this movie that could make you feel, then you just have no shame. Whether it's an honorary badge or not, it's in the eye of an observer. I do not think I laughed a bit, but it's a movie that I just can not recommend because of its subject. If I had to say, "This movie is funny, go see!" and some sweet, little old church lady leads to the theater and has a heart attack during one of the graphically explicit sexual situations, well, that's just something I do not need on my conscience. <br /> <br /> So, how nasty it is? Hmm, try it 100 times worse than a wedding. Honestly. My mom would leave in the first scene. I feel that it is my duty to at least warn you what to expect. There's some cleverly intelligent comedy, but that's what I expect from a man (Judd Apatow), who had both Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared in hand. I'm all kidding from Michael McDonald; the only man whose hair and beard are white enough to get Kenny Rogers for his money. Paul Rudd said, "If I hear Ya Mo be there again, I'll burn it up," he says, but he's one of those things that most audiences will not appreciate. <br /> <br /> And when we see the fast 3-second flash of Steve Carrell, who sings at Cameo's Word Up, I laughed for two minutes after the joke ended, while most laughed and then forgot it. <br /> <br /> Special, despite the fact that it has happened, the morale is admirable for the story. The film does not represent Carrella as a strange loser just because she is a virgin. He is really portrayed as a sympathetic, admirable character. Sure, it's a little weird. After all, he has a framed Asian poster, "More Video Games than an Asian Baby" and a toy collection that represents the BOSS Million Dollar Man, but we never have the belief that there is really something wrong with being a virgin. How weird it may seem is a little "it's OK to wait" message. But man, oh man, please warn that it will shift his rating R what goes on. That was certainly the intention of Apatow. According to him, he just let some of the boys (especially Rogen and Malco) improvise and speak as they usually talk, all in an effort to find plenty of new ways to get nasty. If you can do it yourself or talk to yourself, you will love the movie. I'm not a big fan of excessive nausea and sex jokes. I've found that fine, smart humor is much more fun than about 200 uses of f-word or fratboy sexual discussions. But it's me. Like I said, there are some absolutely hysterical moments, but you have to ask if it's worth sitting in one of the most impressive movies you've probably ever seen in the theater. I just do not know what most women will be interested in what people are playing for playing poker. Honestly, miss, you might not want to know. If you've ever been curious about why some girls think the guys are rough, well, it gives you a good idea. <br /> <br /> There you go - my humble and honest accept what to expect. Be your guide. You certainly should not be seen in your class at Sunday school, mother, grandmother, all family members of the opposite sex, children of all ages or someone who is easily offended by excessive stupidity or sexual discussion. If you would have seen one of the above, you probably do not have a concept of what it means to be uncomfortable.
