Something about a 40 year old virgin and other comic hit in the summer, Wedding Crashers is similar, but it's two different movies in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have such an exaggeration, a crazy sensitivity that keeps teens and boys in their twenties together with the usual informing crowd to watch the movies. Both have some formula for the stories too. But until the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think I've generally found it to be much more satisfying than "Crashers." Though one can guess where the relationship story with Andy and Catherine Keener gets Trishem, it's not very important for a person to figure out like Crashers, and the characters they lead and support are realistic, more rounded than most one-dimensional or inexplicable people in the other. And maybe it may also depend on how much you identified (or just find the madness) in both. The thing is that some people can go to a forty-year Virgin you do not know, Steve Carrell as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn because Carrell has built his cult status at the Daily Show (one of my favorite concerts) and in small but unforgettablely educated roles in Anchorman Bruce Almighty. It's his first star role, but it's not like a third vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treats Andy with a character with a degree of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even early, as he speaks with his action figures while re-painting them. It's also a delicate line that you can walk in the hands of the landlord, it could be less or less fun than Lickluster 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the name suggests, Andy is 40 years old who is like a nice friend with the still small Pee-Wee Herman in it (opening over the credits his apartment is cheerful, good character). <br /> So his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comic films) are trying to design different strategies and tips to finally interrupt a kind of curse over Andy's head to defeat his cherry. speak. She almost arrives with a totally drunk woman, she almost comes with a strange kind of girl and almost with her own boss (Jane Lynch, also very humorous in mockumentary) as a (eloquent) friend. But it soon begins to disappear when he comes into a meaningful relationship with Tris, who works across the street from him. Given that they are based on a non-gender-based relationship, one might fear that the parcel "how she will call it such and such" could come into the road of comedy. Not that. In fact, Carrell and his cast are very strong. For almost an hour and a half of the two-hour length of the film, there was not even a moment when I was not interfering, whether it was big or small. The big laughs, though it does not match just any form of conspiracy formalities or one or two little stories (colleagues collaborators also have their own relationship problems, Rudd is the most funny). Big laughs because of Carrell's reactions and that people around can either back up with their own humor / spell, or that's with some truth. Keener gives very good performance and does it so that their relationship is a real spirit (and like "Crashers", there is not much that does not make sense for character wise). For someone like me who loves him when a comic laughs just as he looks on his face, Carrell gets very high points. Just like a movie with Farrelly Brothers, the more terrifying or outrageous the scenes are going to be totally absurd; "The Wax Scene" (which is, of course, really going on) and the kind of Aquarius musical number towards the very end of the movie (the way it first appears is a complete, dizzying surprise). But if you are unwilling to be offended, there is more to where it came from. This is one of the most entertaining films of the year.
