In the previews, the "40-year-old virgin" can boast an image of another immature sexual fairy tale about a 40-year-old lonely guy who suddenly feels a desire to do deeds simply because not. Too many bad experiences dampened his enthusiasm by totally avoiding women. And then it becomes unexpected: she falls in love. What's more, it's a film called "40-year-old virgin." The doll of the title is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is actually 40, works as an employee in the e-shop and gathers vintage action figures that are displayed everywhere in his pretty backplate so that everyone can see. He has a beautiful home theater system and watches his "Survivor" with his other older neighbors. It's a pretty picturesque definition of Lonely Guy, who needs to go on and talk to more women. Now there is a real novelty with this picture: it makes an impossible task to actually deal with its subject in a cute, mature fashion. This is a movie that could easily be shown in the hands of a more transparent team of creators. It could get into endless sexual gags and jokes, but fortunately this picture never drops so low. Surely there are funny jokes, and a pair of gay men are geo-gay community (which in no way should be considered gay-bashing), as two of the characters exchange mutational insults while playing a video game ("Mortal Kombat: Deception" - the ultimate testosterone controlled fighter for humans). As someone approaching the age of 20, McFarlane Toys gathers action figures And he never did the act I found this movie fun and touched in a way that would never be like a movie. I was able to relate to Andy Stitzer's character more than anybody in the theater because I was the only teenager present at this show; everyone else looked like they were all around 40. And a bit arrogant, I know, but you ("you" is italic) still be able to get together if you were the only teenager present on the afternoon screening "The 40 Year Old Virgin" Of course, Andy never had sex and wakes up everyday with "morning's rise" (he does not ask) and he's under the pressure of his buddies to try out unusual methods of getting the opposite sex. When it's first discovered Andy is a virgin, in his 40s, his three buddies and e-business associates, David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Romany Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) all first assume he's gay because he's never been with a woman , which could not be further from the truth. The truth is that Andy loves women, but the past traumatic experiences (revealed in a joyful series in succession in retrospect sequence) have got him on the edge for good. <br /> <br /> David, Jay, and Cal each release the mission to put Andy to help them all. But you know that such escapades end up just a disaster, as evidenced by one day with Leslie Mann, who brings Andy the worst drunk experience, I think someone would not want to go through and have a rather spooky encounter with Beth (Elizabeth Banks) a girl who works in a bookstore and eventually is revealed as a total sexual specter. Things get brighter for Andy when he meets Tris (Catherine Keener), a friendly woman who works in a street shop that sells things on eBay for people. Hmmm. And thanks to this nice-looking collection of action figures, you can figure out that eventually a big payout is waiting for him, that is, if he could ever "do that." Finally this is the sexual story we were waiting for. This is a very real problem that many lonely guys probably are going through, not that it's a bad thing about being a virgin, but we'll look at the big picture: How many of us "Lonely Guys" want to be a lonely guy forever? The important thing we learned in this picture is that Lonely Guy must be alone. I do not think he would have to go through body waxing, as Andy does (which breaks apart to be honest, and according to this website and various other news articles was actually real, and so was the blood on Carel's shirt later) . The 40-year-old virgin was directed by Judd Apatow and co-written by himself and Carell, who originated as a sketch who played Carell. Carell is sweet and human, because his character is not a layman who approaches this thing with closed eyes. This is probably one of the most intelligent romps I've ever seen and is not insulting (a lot) because his characters are treated with dignity and respect. Even Carella's friends, who sell bad advice to cover their own relationship uncertainties, can be linked at a basic level. <br /> <br /> The way the "40 year old virgin" plays is over, but I'll watch it for you, the audience. Sure, if someone can do what Andy does and still has the power to attract a woman as sexy as Catherine Keener, it's true: it's never too late! <br /> <br />
