I watched this movie three times. The last time I tried to skip confusion to find a layout. Perhaps conspiracy is not intended logically together. Or maybe these rough spots are in the plot, because Ann's memory of distant events is somewhat flawed. Take the young Ann Grant (Claire Danes). Here is a young woman who visited unnamed college with wealthy family scientists. She must have help to afford this very expensive education, but she never seems to have any family ties at all. She does not seem to have any relatives she can turn to with the consequences of one of her disastrous decisions. Ann shares the evening passion with her great love Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson). After Harris calms Lillo after her brother Buddy's tragic death, Ann suddenly finds him repulsive and disgusted with her own behavior. I had to lose something. Anno's behavior is completely inexplicable. Ann leaves her relationship with Harris, and finally marries one of the grooms at Lily's wedding. Despite Anne's rejection, Harris still holds deep feelings on her deathbed. His behavior made it clear that Harris had been deeply struck with Ann and would like to marry her. The scene that reveals their chances of meeting Lilly's wedding showed that Harris still felt deep feelings for Ann. The film showed a sample for Anne's romantic relationships. She always had to fall with her men, and she refused. This pattern was with Harris and two men. Lila, on the other hand, married a man she did not love, and stayed with her husband until he died. Perhaps Lila was able to build a relationship because she refused to let her marriage fail. Then the Lily Ross show at Anne's bed was too comfortable. Apparently Ann's sister managed to get enough information from Anna for the last few clear moments to identify and contact Lily. None of these messages appeared in the movie. I was still interested in the house where Ann lived in the last days. How could you afford to buy such a house because of the modest income of a singing career? Ann always seemed a step ahead of financial catastrophes when she raised her two daughters. On another level, I enjoyed the film environment and music immensely. The coastal castle was so beautiful. Claire Danes was luminous as a young Ann Granta. She is a really talented singer. I very much prefer her natural brunette to the blonde look she had in the movies. If only the unnecessary CGI light pipes disappeared, I could pick up the whole movie when voting!
