The criticism of VEČER, based on the novel Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was tough, so harsh that it may have discouraged many audiences from trying to make a movie. Primary criticism focused on the fact that there is very little in the film about the dying woman being bothered by the mistake she had made during her youth in the summer that the famous actors played very small roles, that the whole production was exaggerated, etc. For this viewer, who saw the movie on DVD in the silence of home, a very different reaction occurred. Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the ocean, and her medications and memories allow her to share the name of a man - "Harris" - with two adult daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughter sits at her bed, Ann enjoys a special summer when she is the bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - Ann's marriage (Claire Danes as Young Ann) and Lilin's Buddy Hugh Dancy that Lila simply married with a man in his class instead of the boy he loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of a housekeeper who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila, and Ann are joined in a series of love and romance that have been secret yet, 50 years later when Ann dies. Elder Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secret is revealed: "There are no things like mistakes - life just goes on." The film is a delicate mood, and the screenplay of Minot and Cunningham is rich in the atmosphere and fine lessons of life. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could use more explanation, but to preserve the aura of the nostalgia of the word dying ladies, such "holes" are understandable. The film is overwhelmed not only by the presence of Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (Streep's real daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. a set of short but very solid performances. The setting is wonderful (Gyula Pados cinematography) and the musical score is unimaginable by Jan A. P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julie") drives. Watch this movie on your own ... Grady Harp
