If you can not enjoy the chicken, stop right now. However, if you like movies that illustrate complex characters and provide extraordinary action, read. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord dies. Her two daughters arrive at her bed. Ann begins to talk about the people of the past that the daughters do not know and question whether these lost friends are real or imagined. They realize that these people from the maternal past are really real. The story essentially shifts between 1953 and 2000, with several glimpses of Anno's life between these years. It was in 1953, when Ann met the love of her life and experienced the greatest tragedy of her life. One of Ann's top college friends, Lila, got married. Annina's best friend is Lil's brother, Buddy. Lila and Buddy are children of the wealthy Newport family, while Ann is a cabaret singer living in Greenwich Village who wants to be a free spirit but still bound by many of those 1950 conventions. Soon after Ann arrives at Lily's wedding as a Chinese lady, she meets with a person who will become a decisive position in the life of three - Harris. He is the adult son of a former family servant who grew up with Lila and Buddy and became a doctor in the small town of New England. Ann is immediately enchanted by Harris, which complicates the fact that Lila has always been in love with Harris and is still there. Buddy is also in love with Harris, but in 1953 he redirected this gay desire to Harris to his good friend Anne because he can not admit to having a sexual desire for another man. Buddy shows his inner frustration outward by being an alcoholic, the wickedly fucking bad boy of the family - much to the desperation of his very well-established and steady parents. Needless to say, all those that are expressed and suppressed by emotions lead to tragedy - after all, it is a cat. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, Anne's daughters are away from their mother and suffer from their own life realizations and doubts. Constance works on emotional exhaustion when she tries to keep her role as a perfect mother and wife. Nina, who has always felt inferior, can not maintain a relationship. All these relationships are mixed in the fifties and you get an interesting view of society, its values ​​and its effects on the personality and actions of the complex people. <br /> <br /> All evening performances are excellent, but there are some extraordinary performances and scenes - along with two unique family relationships - that make this film very, very special. <br /> <br /> Claire Danes plays Ann Ann 50th Anniversary and does it in a style that clearly shows the intelligent woman of those times that is at odds with what she has to do in contrast to what she wants to do. Its performance is not easily forgotten. Vanessa Redgrave plays dying Ann, whose mind moves from the present, to the past, to fantasy, and of course, Redgrave pulls it off in sterling style. <br /> <br /> Natasha Richardson - the real daughter of Redgrave - plays in Anne's daughter Constance. The scenes between this mother and daughter in real life that play a dumb mother and daughter are a subtle look. Toni Collette plays another daughter Anna, Nina. Nina has spent a lot of time in depression and sympathy with turning off a good man who loves her, just like her mother and sister. Collette is perfect for such a part, but I have never seen her make a bad or incredible performance no matter what part she plays. Mamie Gummer plays Lilo in 1950 and shows us a woman who is even more in conflict with her expected role in life than her good friend, Ann. She is very good. Meryl Streep - Gummer's Mother - plays today's Lila. What they say about Meryl Streep is other than she always gives faithful and rewarding performance. Director Lajos Koltai says in the DVD Extras that he was looking for Glenna Close to play a relatively small part of Lily's mother because she felt she was the only actress to imagine one scene in the movie. He was certainly right, and the final performance in this one scene loses it in mind. All other scenes in which Close is Lila is a very good mother and you will get extra treasure performance. There are three other scenes in the movie, combined with the one featuring the Close described above that make the whole movie worth the attention. On the wedding day, Lily comes to her room and crawls to bed with her boyfriend to discuss Lily's mistakes about her upcoming marriage with a man who obviously does not love. This scene is repeated fifty years later when Lila comes and crawls to bed with her dying Ann friend to talk about the life they lived. In this second scene, Streep and Redgrave are fascinating. Another memorable scene - at least for me - is when Buddy declares his love for Ann. Hugh Dancy as Buddy gives us the heartfelt performance of a young man who breaks up against his sexual feelings. His performance is better. <br /> <br /> Chick flick? Yes. A very exceptional film with incredible acting, direction and scenery? Definitely. I can not recommend too much in the evening.
