So many beautiful actresses in one movie serve as a practical invitation to the local film house, so I responded well. Here are some notes .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even though she is lying in bed. She also looks very old and I do not think this is achieved with a lot of makeup, which is a good movie for the movie, but it is sad for us. I think its aging has been a little harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues a welcome return to the movies and radiates some heat. Mamie Gummer's similarity with her mother, Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and acting style is so stunning that I lost my concentration in the film a few minutes after her entry. It's surprisingly good; however, such a similarity threatens to work against her favor. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson definitely had some plastic work. It does not seem to me that I remember it from previous films (eg "Nell"). Together with Toni Collette, they are not very impressed, partly because they do not look convincingly like sisters. Their interplay is weak. Toni Collette is too old for his character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had more time on the screen. Streep's performance is actually nothing more than an example. Her scenes on the other hand have more emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides a welcome dry joke, especially in his second role as an imaginary night companion of the character of Redgrave. As for men; Hugh Dancy revives the film considerably, although it gives wider performance than needed. In fact, once he leaves the story, he starts to pull. It is also his respect that he can create the exact sense of man's charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is completely empty in the middle of the movie. He also has the bad luck that the scenario is not enough to explain why this person is hit in such a way by three people (one of them is a human being). The story was about to be developed more. Cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main summer residence did not convince me. The top of this rock hill does not look naturally, especially with the grass in the front. A bit of cardboard like. Overall, the film is a classic production, but the overturned feeling I've seen was ubiquitous, resurrected throughout its lifetime, and as a result I did not have the influence I expected from the tearjerkera. Still, I managed to think about how one meets time, their expectations of life, and how much they are fulfilled or not. It's worth at least DVD, if not in movies ...
