After seeing the trailer in the evening, you probably first think about how big the occupant is (I think they even have their own Brada from Rocky Mountain, Barry Bostwick to show the world that still works) and another second about how we just showed the whole movie. Although this is not entirely true, the film is quite well summed up in the trailer and it does not necessarily have to be a bad thing. It's a story about a dying woman who remembers the time that has come to a long time ago when she met the love of her life-the one who got away. Her daughter hears the reminders of people she has never heard of, and the story of what happened when Buddy is killed with Harris will soon win. No matter what happens, the film is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle that shows that there are no mistakes in life. What may be regret may in fact be the only instance in your life that is needed to make good times that will ever happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is nicely said and obviously edited from literature. Our filmmakers here decide to tell the story by bringing birthday between the presence (Ann on her deadly bed), dreaming (Ann hallucinates with the combination of her presence with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at the wedding of her best girlfriend). There are several times when the cuts are steep and the progress of the past is so good that it seems to you that the present things are a bit long and boring but generally treated better than at the beginning. It's not as if Anna's life is now uninteresting, it's got something to do with doing, then it does with morality. While I agree that parallels with the past help alleviate the problems for Anno's children at the present time, I was a bit more enchanted at the wedding to care for as much as I should. There are some nice moments, though, for example, the crash that awakens Ann from sleep is mirrored later, and mysterious dreams that bridle both worlds together. It's an acting that makes memories so stunning and fluid. These performances are totally riveting until you get a little bit angry when our time period has changed and we have to wait until we find out what's going on. Regardless of how unpleasant I find Claire Danes' angry / sad / crying face that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. It seems that I have been opening up her talents lately, and this is only spreading thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I've seen. You have to feel like I have chosen some really great roles and I will never make more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to last year's Little Kids, the guy will soon blow up, but hopefully he remains faithful to craft, not money. Damn even Mamie Gummer is good as a younger version of her real mother Meryl Streep, which is very surprising in the film. She's still harsh on the edges, but she was amazing when she expressed emotional turbulence whose character goes through her wedding day. The real revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel I have seen him in many things, but in fact it only seems to King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he is in, and the way his Buddy role is destroyed by love / alcohol / life is etched in his face expressions. Without its performance, the sequence of flashes could fall into a somewhat forgotten category as the rest of the film, and in general it made it worse. <br /> <br /> While it's not entirely original in the ways the writers are after, Evening brings to the table intelligence and craft. You may be able to break the length and amount of reduced scenes to tie everything together, but you can not claim that acting is not worth it. Perhaps the movie version of the wedding itself could be seen, however, when it is all together, there may be something that comes out of it that could not be achieved without all the stories of the story. Either way, pay is worth driving for the most part, and every plane of reality ends with its own fine beauty and lives only after what has happened to it.
