At half-hour Lajos Koltai's "Evening," a woman on her deadly bed will ask for a figure that appears in her hallucination: "Can you tell me where my life went?" The line could be embarrassing, but the woman who talks is Vanessa Redgrave, who delivers it with total simplicity, and the question tears your heart out. Again and again, the film based on Susan Minot's novel Sentimental and Commonwealth, keeps attention, offers admirable performances and evokes emotional engagement, as few recent films have. With only six months of the year, there are two unforgettable, meaningful and useful movies in the theaters, the second is, of course, Sara Polley, "Away from Her". Hollywood could transform the Evening into a celebrity with two real mothers and daughters - Vanessa Redgrave and Natasha Richardson and Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer. Richardson is Redgrave's daughter in the movie (with sister playing Tony Collette), and Gummer plays Streep's younger self, while Redgrave's juvenile incarnation is Claire Danes. Add Glenn Close, Eileen Atkins, Hugh Dancy, Patrick Wilson, and a big cast - yes, it could be a more stellar platform. Instead, Koltai - a gorgeous Hungarian cinematographer "Mephisto" and director "Fateless" - created a gentle set of "continental feelings," the story takes place in Newport's high society in days, a wedding that is full of trouble. Lost connection, mistaken choice, and consistent consistency with social and family pressure are rather a soap opera, but the quality of writing, the direction of Koltai and confident acting "Evening" way above this level, the excited air of English, French (and several American) century before the current setting. Complex relationships between mothers and daughters, between friends and lovers, with the addition of a difficult triangle, all meet clearly, understandably, implacably. The individual melodies are woven into a symphony. And yet, with all the emphasis on ensemble and selfless performance, the Evening stars are still shining, Redgrave, Richardson, Gummer (an exciting new discovery, looks as vague as her mother, but a very different actress), Danny carries most of the cargo - Streep discovers in the last moments and, of course, a steal show. Dancy and Wilson are worth the admission. <br /> <br /> As with "Away from Her," Evening stays with you for a long time, inviting you to think about your story and attitudes, experiencing the emotions it raises. After two hours, the film takes a while, but the way it stays with you is welcome among many films that are cold long before your popcorn.
