Evening is a beautiful story about the mother's mistaken love. The film has split in time, it is magically shot, it works amazingly and has a touch screen. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant's Lady, a woman who comes from life. She lies in bed, her mind recalls and disappears, recalls her first mistake. Claire Danes plays Young Anna, giving young vitality to a dying bed to a woman. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decipher the real story of depression dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); the man her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved deeply. Daughters have to cope with their mother's past and their future. Casting is September in the evening. The collective energy of this film could be powered by equipment for making the entire film. I'm so glad Claire Danes is working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, full of joy, mistakes, and breaking young Anna's first mistake. It's a real performance when you realize she's playing a woman and dying in bed. When her life overwhelms her, you can feel her desire to break and her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her expressions on my face gave me a bit of a brochure, but all of her performance was so shiny that I was left with it just as a side note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. He plays the black sheep of the family; a bit lost. Nina has a lot of power in her mother. Collette deliberately avoids the creation of a cruel nature that boasts of his mother's mistakes and instead chooses a wiser way to learn from mothers' mistakes. There are many battles between Nina and her sister Constance. Their struggles remind me of the ones I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anna's young girlfriend, is amazing. Her figure is stuck between her heart and her position in society. Even when crying and heart breaks, it is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see her in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very hard to describe. Her talent for making her mental state ambiguous without being wacko or even particularly tragic is why she is so strong. Viewers do not know if they are making a story because they are slipping or those events really happen. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave acts in a box. Not too physical space and limited emotional range could be a stunning smaller actress, but they are restricted to it. I was constantly surprised. The film is definitely focused on women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is as charming as Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, it certainly was. Buddy Wittenborn is Lil's brother, who is out of control. Hugh Dancy spirally releases Buddy without control without sending his acting work. Glen Close has his favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous scene from Monster's Ball. It's terrible and the stomach drops. I was absolutely impressed. The only disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her battle scenes were unforgettable, most of them were like a melodrama. It would be more appropriate for her to take her actor's bath before we had to breathe her smell. It's a good thing he's not in charge of visual ads. Movie visualization is sparkling. Cameraman Gyula Pados could not create a movie of richer color, a light so perfectly matched to mood and emotion. The visual concepts of the flashback sequences are strong and resonant. There were many scenes that could be stopped, printed, mounted, and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Evening is a powerful movie. In the evening, he is defiantly cat, but really great cats. To impress a woman selecting a movie, select Evening.
