I caught a night with a friend in the cinema. In the evening, the cat is unwarranted for being such, but I can say with some relief that it is not so estrogenic that it is painful for the red-eyed man to look. Except for a single case at the very end of the movie, I watched with interest, and I did not have to turn away, nor did I look into my eyes for no smirk of melodrama. The ladies will love this movie again. Ann Lord is older, bed and spent her last days on Earth as comfortable as possible in her home with her two adult daughters. Annoyed by the memories of her past, Ann suddenly calls the name of a man her daughters have never heard before: Harris. While both of her daughters are quietly reflecting on the importance of her mother's strong desire to remember and correct her unfortunate affair with this mysterious man at this time, Ann fell into her head to the fatal day she met Harris - and thus lost youthful optimism for the future with which we all inevitably divided. <br /> <br /> Both Ann and her two daughters - one married children, one serial "commitofob" - struggled with the central question of whether true love actually exists, and perhaps even more important, if true love can withstand a test of time . Are we all one day fate to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all be aware that satisfying imperfect is the only realistic result? The inconspicuous fact that old Ann still struggles to answer these questions on her deathbed is not lost on her two daughters. The cinematography of the evening is interesting - most of the film is devoted to Anno when it remembers the past, and for this reason I think the film was shot as if it were all deliberately overexposed, give each ethereal glow (and so it is obvious that all is not real, but there was a past). Claire Danes is beautiful (looks really, really tall, though only 5 '5 "in fact) and is totally charming in one top scene where her singing talents are finally tested. <br /> <br /> You can not really talk Claude Danes and Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close will fill another major and minor role in the movie. <br /> <br /> I can not say anything negative about this movie at all , although Hugh Dancy's struggle for his character to emerge from utterly unidimensional, is ultimately a complete loss. Playing spoiled, nice drunk offspring from obscene rich who stand in front of a big bravado, but secretly scared stiff that nothing ever comes out , probably does not offer much in the way of exploring the character - had his orders and got stuck with them. / / Finally, gentlemen, your lady friend will surely cry, and it probably will not Feeling almost so affected, the evening will certainly not be a waste of time spent watching Večera. Capture it in cinemas or take it for hire to exchange for the points you want to be accompanied by viewing Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo. It will be your little secret that you do not really know this impression in any way.
