From the start of reading the book on which this film is based, I have mixed feelings about the recorded result. I learned some time ago to see the movie adaptation of the book before I read a book because I found out that when I first read the book I was inevitably disappointed in the film. That would undoubtedly be true, while in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best filming of the book I've ever seen, it probably would not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what's causing, and I suspect I have to point your finger directly on Michael Cunningham. While I respect him for the Hours (which I have not read but which I have seen and I was excited about), I can not escape the feeling that he did not close Susan Minton's book because he took a few characters and a basic assumption and outlined his own film. <br /> <br /> It's not like I do not like the movie. I loved the movie, and since I started reading this novel, I felt concerned about the whole thing. I feel disillusioned with Mrs Minton that she is enjoying a movie that has been so determined to leave her job. When I read it, I can understand why she has adapted her. Contrary to what one film reviewer said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; it is rather that some books simply can not make a transition. Mrs. Minton's novel is working on a level so personal and intimate about her central character, so internally, that it seems impossible to place her in the physical sphere. Although much of the book is a memory of real events, it is memory, and so fragmented and ethereal as it is, I feel it is not filming. I think Mrs. Minton's work is a true piece of literature, but she can not go on a movie that does not interfere with his value. <br /> <br /> I can not even report that the evening, the movie, does not represent Evening, a novel in any more than the smallest surface because I am only halfway, but the original would have made a huge leap to resemble the movie that follows at this moment. I think I'm writing it because I feel that if you are going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not make it another that it is not. I'm not sure Michael Cunningham did something completely original, but from what I see so far, everything he did is based on someone else's work. If Virginia Woolf did not write Mrs. Dalloway, we should not have The Hours and we would not have the night in desperate shape if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble doing what he probably did not have to try. But there is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton did herself well enough because the movie Evening Movies is a satisfying and beautiful piece. <br /> <br /> So my confusion, the mixed feelings, the feeling of inhumanity and the final conclusion that in this case the novel can not be a film and vice versa, and my final gratitude to both writers for doing what they did to us both works as they are.
