The first "story" in the universal universe of Gundam represents a refreshing new view of the war between the Earth and the cosmic colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of people who could play a key role in the conflict but on the everyday civilian population and how war is perceived by the eyes. contain some Gundam clips, assuming ZEON attempts to capture the experimental Gundam, but realizing a plot that made this show so interesting. This series focuses on the experience of young boy Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor Christina McKenzie, who is secretly a pilot federation and Zeon pilot named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops for Bernie some "brotherly love," while our young Zeon pilot drops to Christina. <br /> <br /> "The War in Your Pocket" proves that you do not need an extensive epic story about a good war story. There are no pilots or large fleets. This short 6 episode of OVA focuses on character emotional drama over other themes like politics or philosophy, and I love how realistic the figures are. Alfred is your typical everyday child who plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces are cool. He is then given a crash course in the terrible reality of the war. The unlikely friendship and bond between Bernie and Christine, each of whom they do not know to be soldiers on different sides of the war, is playing very realistically, without overcoming romance. The same goes for the cute relationship between Alfred and Bernie. It would be said that I would not want to destroy a lot of the story here, but it makes it much more heart when I look at the tragedies that unfold when the show moves all the way to her emotionally devastating twist. <br /> <br /> Despite not having come, this show never falls into the "boring" category. The characters are just that they are so pilgrim that they carry the whole show. Do not be afraid, because a number of mobile action scenes are scattered here and there. Each of them is beautifully revived at a level that exceeds the OVA level and will surely satisfy the desire for some "mandatory" mobile costumes in the Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally watching the anime in Japanese or English, it also left personal preferences. But in this case I strongly recommend the English voice track over the Japanese voice track. Not only are the characters that are all but Alfred Caucasian, they sound more English in English, but English voice cast performances are on the hairs and even overcome the Japanese, instilling every character with such realistic emotions and intonations that only sound in some live action TV drama . In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. What he does does bring many pleasurable motives that most affected the home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horror of war by the eyes of the child. A really moving little story that deserves more credits than it is.
