It is a complex film that examines the effects of Fordist and Taylor regimes of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant links to the assembly line where workers are seen as teeth in the computer, under the supervision of managers who control the mailboxes, check how many hair the workers are leaving, and shoot Stanley staff who meet all the criteria (as his supervisor says they are always on time, they are hard working, they do a good job) but who can make a mistake in some unspecified future. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to the nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is the only teenage mother who drops out of high school to get her job done. We refer to the fact that now with the wage decline both partners have to work, which means that none of them has a home to look after children. Iris's husband is dead of sickness and with many references in the film about medical care costs, the viewer must wonder if he could live with better and more expensive care. Iris's brother becomes abusive for another unsuccessful day in the unemployment office when his wife yells at him that he buys his beer with his savings instead of leaving it for his teeth and / or teeth (even a working class without a share in conventional bourgeois concepts of perfection and beauty to buy them). One reference to the film's race is through a black factory worker whose husband is in jail (probably black and black too, too, suffering a disproportionately high incarceration rate). He reminds him that he "does time" - her family is made up of the prisoner and slave wages. Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships, and therefore, for most of them, the film is out of the system of fordist capitalism. She cares about her father, although it was the work of her father, which led to his illiteracy - he has not changed human relationships to a purely instrumental treaty, as Iris's brother does (suggesting he "married a bad sister"). He does not regulate, as Iris says, that he is consistent with the everyday routine of work-eating-sleep; rather, it uses technology and techniques of industrial production in an artistic and creative way, in the ideal kind of Bauhaus. It was the dream of early 1920s modernists and socialists (like Bauhaus) - to use technology to meet all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and fuller human relationships. It is also beyond traditional gender relations. She cooks, cleanses, takes care of her family and knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally male role - a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and brings Stanley into a public space that is traditionally outside women's boundaries. By learning to read and write, he gives him access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally male. Literacy serves as a metaphor for the (traditionally masculine) public sphere and systems (currency, automobile, cultural) that allow participation in public space. Without this approach, Stanley is feminized - the work that has been opened to him is cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular bonds, can not participate in money (he can not open a bank account), in a car (can not get a driving license, can not ride a bus), and in social (he asks if he exists if he can not write his name). After learning to read, they catch books on repairs, agriculture and spirituality (Bible). The word of God is therefore relativized, placed on the same level plane as the book. In fact, organized religions are generally very occasionally present - the Bible also appears on the box as cameras to find that Stanley and Iris have sex. But this is recognized as a moral power - Iris, a clear figure dedicated to the life of "good" life, at the beginning of the film mentions that her rosary is among the items lost in the penis. As soon as he is able to read, he enters the system and lands on a managerial position with a health care plan, car and house, taking his place at the head of the family, the breadwinner. He is likely to be an industrial designer who dreams about products that will require others to suffer burglary of the assembly line for production. This end, probably the only piece of conventional Hollywood in the movie, is so incompatible with all that came before I at least wondered if it was forced into any Studio exec suddenly afraid that the lack of feel good ends and its potential effect on the bottom line . <br /> <br /> Now that, according to experts, we have moved comfortably into post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a bit nostalgic feeling as if we needed a historical distance to really analyze what happened during this period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to train your brain. Do not forget the end and it is close to perfection 10.
