My dog ​​recently died and it was a movie I loved like a baby so I had to see him try to cheer up. (Watch out for a dog, I think Spoilers.) This movie is not just for kids and it's far from ordinary. It was located in New Orleans in 1939. In the first place, the dog in this film was not shown as another family member, but as an adult with his complicated life. Charlie does not like Carface's dishonest and brutal business partner. He is money driven, greedy, and just escaped death, as he says at the beginning of the feature. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; Anne Marie and his helper, Heart. Carface will not even listen to the fat, ugly dog ​​with the big glasses that are the closest to him. Carface is trying to kill a hero because he wants 100% of his business profits and will not only satisfy 50% - a very unusual way to die a German shepherd. Also, it is eaten by a prehistoric size alligator that ultimately saves your life because you can sing it very unlikely, whether you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon, and that's why it's logical. <br /> <br /> The way to avenge Carface is a murder, while Charlie believes that success is the best revenge, financial success. After surviving death, he starts doing business by using Carface as a source of funding, a highly talented girl who has the ability to communicate with animals. They win a number of races and Charlie tells her to give the money to the poor - Help: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard and are therefore poor. He uses the money towards his casino / bar / theater and not the other "poor". The reason why Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is that she has compassion and listens carefully. Charlie teaches ethics by pointing to his gambling, lying, and theft. Charlie is trying to make up for buying a dress. She added the ethics that his business needed, while Charlie made the lead and Itchy provided construction. Carface uses violence and property that harms Charlie's business, which the government does not protect. Charlie loses everything and everything that's left is a little girl. Eventually he had to choose between his life and his own. First, she grabs her self-help watch and sets her up as the girl begins to sink. Both the girl and the watch dived and had to choose which of them had chosen the girl. A great deal about this film that focuses on the ability of a person to learn directly from bad time, and the ability of a child to cope with the natural occurrence of his pet's death is that he never shows anyone dying! Clocks symbolize his life, and watches are displayed immersed and stopped. All deaths were suggestive, even for villains. I've been crying during this movie and I've gotten so much more today that I had to write it and share it with you.
