I love all the dogs go to heaven, even though I'm a guy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films that Don Bluth has made! Garth Barkin (Burt Reynolds) helps his boyfriend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) freedom from the pound in New Orleans 1939. Charlie, who is in the business casino, wants to share with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, who is not willing to share a role with Charlie, moves the car on Charlie's bridge to kill! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time is up by showing him a watch that has stopped and explaining that all the dogs are going to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind him and turns it off and he returns to Earth alive when Annabelle shouts. You can never go back! Charlie reconnected with Itchy, and they go and discover early to find out that Carface not only attempted to murder Charlie but also kidnapped a little orphaned girl called Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and the Heart, Ann Marie will help her escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie will go looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who she thinks will be great parents for her! While Ann Marie talks to a couple, Charlie turns around behind him and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to the racing race where they bet on the man's money that the horse wins the race! The horse that they say will win and know, and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie are paid for a bet! Charlie promises that Ann Marie will use the money to give the poor, but eventually buys new casino and gambling and buys pizza for her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie found out that Charlie stole a purse from a man and used his money to race and everything! Charlie's sad about it has a dream about a journey to hell and the devil! Charlie will soon wake up and find that Ann Marie is gone! She left the purse back to the couple who forgave her wallet and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with her and she pretends to be sick, but they are captured by the mice who try to feed King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface appears and captures Ann Marie. She plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to rescue and invites King Gator who Carface gives her. Charlie's time and he must die again. The heart, with the help of the other dogs, finds a couple who married Anne Marie and made them come with them to Ann Marie. They are there in time to save Ann Marie, but they are too late to save Charlie, who has finished his time! Charlie, who is awarded for her heroic effort to rescue Ann Marie, is welcomed back to heaven, but before she enters, she will say goodbye to Anna Marie, who was adopted by the couple, and asks her to care for him. She says yes and tells Charlie he loves him and farewells! Charlie enters the sky again, as it is said, all the dogs are going to heaven! Coming from beautiful animation, character and story, Don Bluth has shown us again that he is a good animator! It's bad this movie was released in the same year Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both went out in 1989, a year before I was born! I think I will have to call both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
