First of all, "St. Ives's film is quite loosely based on Robert Stevenson's story, but this is not a critique." The original novel was an unfinished work, unfinished on the author's death, and he freely adapted and put an end to the filmmakers bringing it to the life of some cute characters that, although different from Stevenson's originals, I am sure she charmed and entertained. 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat orphaned by a revolutionary guillotine, now serving as a hussar in Napoleon's army We meet him for a night out, claiming that when a hunter who is not the thirtieth dead is a "guardian", he is "time borrowed" at the age of 34! Of course, when faced with a number of challenges, that our hero is in danger, but the surrealist joke on his colonel brought him the way out of duels and into the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. it also leads to the loss of his commission ... Another misfortune resulted in the British being imprisoned and sent to a prison camp in the Scottish Chateau. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques draws attention to Flora, the young lady of Miss Susan Gilchrist, the beautiful women of the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love and most of the stories concern Flora, which helps Jacques escape and find his old father, an old comet. There is, of course, a problem. Jacques's elder brother, Alain, has dissolved the alcoholic, is - of course - far from delight when his grandfather leaves him in front of the whole household just the moment Jacques appeared ... Cue betrayal! There is also a fun subplot of romance between an uncomfortable, naive but good-natured major Farton Chevening and aunt Susan who traveled mostly from the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing for natural prejudice in favor of any movie in which heroes share my surname, "St. Ives is a spell! It combines wonderful swashbuckling swordfights, balloon-flight, comedy and romantic adventures. , who loves "the kind of movie he does not do" - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, and so on.Anno Friel makes Flora a lively and attractive hero, and Jean-Marc Barr is as beautiful as Jacques, a really nice hero.Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my favorite and have a lot of fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship runs like a comic counterpoint to the one he leads. Jason Isaacs, as a handsome, hopeful but ultimately tragic Alain, shows just as in recently in "The Patriot" that apart from the classical exciting appearance has a classic swashbuckling style! Please, please someone to play it as a * hero * in the genre? !!!!!!!!!! In the book there is a lock in which Jacques is imprisoned, apparently Edinburgh, but the film, filmed in Ireland, Germany and France, has "Highlanded" settings, so keeping local names like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry is definitely incompatible. Costumes are also a real hot water pipeline, from the 1970s to the period in which it is set. While it would not be unlikely if they were more "lacking", it would seem to be special for ladies' ladies, such as the heroes who were to dress in 1780 in 1813. It is clear that costume choices were æsthetic: these older styles are visually far more attractive and elegant than Regency fashion and work in the idealized world of film. As a whole, "St. Ives is 90 minutes of pure pleasure.
