WAQT is a perfect example of chicken soup that is not exactly for your soul. Unfortunately, the bouillon lost its true taste due to all the excessive dilutions and adornments that have come to its production. What's surprising and disappointing from the WAQT is that it comes from a director who has stayed out of the usual Hindu cinema cliché in his first business, but who in his second trip gives all the stereotypical film patterns. While Vipul Shah was convinced he would show something so improbable that the blind could rob the AANKHEN bank, he simply could not bring life into the WAQT, which is based on something like the father and son relationship. Accepted from Gujarati Aavjo Vhala Fari Malishu, WAQT has a sensible social message story to back up. A mature look at the relationship of father and son, father's unconditional love for his son and the responsibility of his son to his family. Ishwar Chand Sharawat (Amitabh Bachchan), who founded his entire empire from scratch, leads a rich life with his wife Sumitra (Shefali Shah). Their only son, Aditya (Akshay Kumar), never had the need to do anything about where he got tailor made tailors and spoon. Ishwar's pampering just spoils him. Aditya dreams of becoming a superstar, but he does nothing to make his dreams come true. Meanwhile, he will take his lady Mitali (Priyanka Chopra). Ishwar hopes that marriage will make Aditya a more responsible person, but he is disappointed. Aditya is still in his best safe life. <br /> <br /> Endurance limit will eventually collapse when Ishwar expels Aditya from his house. The sudden change in the attitude of his affectionate father to him and his now-awaited wife confuses Adityy. He does not have an abandoned opportunity to seek the livelihood of his wife and her unborn child. He begins to become an independent man, but the growing relationship between him and his father grows. The story is simplistic, while the uncomplicated scenario has a very basic approach. One can easily identify and relate to the believable father and son figures. If you are not one of the two, you can at least meet individuals like them somewhere in real life. <br /> <br /> Add it to director Vipul Shah for easy control of the script. With such a family affair, every other director would add tons of melodrama in film management to Bollywood family drama and transform the film into a compulsive tearjerker. However, Shah excels in seamless manipulation of emotions for most of the movie. The clear example of his unobtrusive direction is tangible in the pre-interval scene, where his father expelled a son from his house in a frivolous manner. The purpose of the scene is achieved without harming the viewer's brain. Just like the scene in the second half, where the now-separated son of a flippant son has an interview. This is what distinguishes WAQT from KABHI KUSHI GHUM or EK RISHTAA and in fact it ranks one level with a high level of treatment. But after getting all the different points, one can wonder where WAQT still fails in? The problem is that while the WAQT differs from others in his league as far as treatment is concerned, it gives defects in terms of packaging. What about a director who is bored for the first half in a n-dance song. There is the song Johar kinda shaadi, Chopra some Holi song, son son disco dandia song, dream song and dream to fulfill the song to induce a good yawn in the viewer. Explain ... your father just drove a son out of his house and his son dreams of a song in Moroccan mountains with his wife. Get out of the way! Due! and the audience out there. <br /> <br /> The film is stretching in the first half and the real story begins only in the second half. The director has lost too much WAQT to unnecessary elements. The much-spoken dog chase sequence is not bad, but it does not even buy it. Ta'shan's dance, Akshay Kumar, is ridiculous. Imagine he qualifies for hunting stars in a movie with this (unintentionally) cheerful histrion. Add to it the pinnacle of the starry hunt where the son erupts with emotion. That's so archetypal! Also, the editorial pattern could be reversed to cover the father's cause of a change in attitude toward his son. <br /> <br /> Anu Malik's music is fine all right. Santosh Thundiiayil's camera work is competent enough, though not too demanding. Aatish Kapadia comes with good dialogues for dramatic moments. Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav make very effective light moments in the film. While Rajpal Yadav has appeared in comedic stories in many films in recent years, this time he understands his character and is completely restrained. His dead expressions are perfectly complemented by Bomano's overlapping histrionics. Shefali Shah is convincing in the role of mother. It should not be considered a polish, but it is flawless both in playing and in the "view" of its character. Priyanka is gorgeous and fulfills her role well. <br /> <br /> Of course, the main applause deserves Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. Akshay is especially prominent in the scene where his ghost father deliberately makes him realize his duties. Although Bachchan is a bit dramatic in several scenes, his brilliance strikes the whole movie. To summarize, WAQT is like a soup, whose ingredients are both tasty and nutritious, but the final recipe is somehow not. t so tasty.
