Like his elder brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth in French cinema with a number of fine thrillers: "la Menace" (1977) and "Noire Series" (1979). The "Python 357 Shelf" is a good example of how Corneau has devised and shot his work at this time of his career. They had beautiful cinematography, careful scenarios, and sophisticated overhead designed for efficiency. Police superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods, who usually works alone. I know a young woman, Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli), and she becomes her mistress while ignoring her next lover: his senior Ganay (François Périer). When she learns, she kills her in anger. Ferrot has to investigate murder and all the traces are against him ... <br /> <br /> You could think that this kind of far-reaching story is not free from defects and sometimes you can see over but Corneau's pedantic overhead style helps to emit a tough , a dusky atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the night's murder may seem uninteresting, but it is crucial to what will follow this key moment. Corneau falls into a sober treatment with somewhat thin moments and short performances of secondary, tiny characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the disadvantages, Corneau and his scriptwriter Daniel Boulanger wrote a story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot maintains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his supervisor knows he usually works alone. Ferrot must actually find strong tricks to block the water, so he frees himself. Finally, the main idea of ​​the film is about Ferroto himself. It's a policeman who loses his identity a little and is in the heart of a terrible depersonalization. This is the embodiment of the moment when the face is thrown with acid, so the witnesses will not recognize him when he meets him face to face. <br /> <br /> This thriller, Orleans, is effectively enhanced by Corneau's camera and helps inspire this terrible thriller with its evil spell.
