This drama is unlike sex and a city where women have several drinks and share their sexual encounters with others. Its much more personal and people can relate to it. Its much more impressive and emotional on a new level than other dramas focusing on women and their lives like "Sex and the City, Lipstick Jungle ...." Dr. Katie Roden, a dark mysterious psychologist, looks much more depressed and guilty than the other 3 buddies. She deals with the death of her ex-lover who was her patient when she tried to make her son's backup. Her dark clothes and the empty and cold house express her inner emotions very well. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, the widow is struggling with questions that she has "refused" her dead husband since September 11. And when Richard is a beautiful stranger, he is interested in her, he is suddenly forced to take real control of his friends, who suggest that he returns to business. Laughter and embarrassing scenes between Richard and Trudi are absolutely fun! It is interesting to note that Richard asks her the day she gets millions from a ten-year record for her husband's death .. he does not see what his intentions are <br /> <br /> Siobhan Dillon, a lawyer full of her loving tactics only "child-making" (because they have difficulty in designing), and she quickly falls on her colleague who will "offer" her a little too willingly and she does not hesitate for a long time! Interesting to see whether he will continue to work or repair his wife (Raza Jeffrey) Jessica, a real estate business, is free and equal until he organizes a lesbian wedding and has a relationship with one of them. Her character is portrayed as a brave and provocative woman who, before her lesbian encounter, is sexing with a "married man," her colleague. It lets you see where her character behaves ... <br /> <br /> The beauty of this drama is that we have shown 4 completely different women with different scenarios whose ambitions and inhibitions are depicted. It's also a good thing that drama reveals the fact that sometimes friends lie to each other to be "safe"!
