Knowing what you expect from Denzel Washington (as a whole) - quality, integrity, gravity, humor - will prepare you for what to expect from his directorial debut. Like A Bronx Tale by Robert De Nira, Antwone Fisher brings the life path of a young man's life and the effects of key characters in his life. As in the Bronx Tale De Niro, one of these key personalities played the role of a character (born himself as a play but too old) Washington has a similar role to that of a paternal advisor on the title character - a figure that seems to have had it before 20 flights to Washington. Be thankful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he should, we would first be deprived of the exquisitely measured and intelligently graded performance he gives as a naval advisor. Even more importantly, if we were to see an excellent one, we can only hope the star will turn away from Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, this character resembles a Washington-shaped shape, but you have the impression that it's not just because it was driving Washington, not that Luke is attempting to copy it, but that Luke is really strong and thinks he provokes actors like Washington. It took too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Diablo in a blue dress, and a hurricane, and we hope that Luke will not have to wait so long. Also a great piece of cast was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While that part might have been a forgotten support or a standard "girlfriend" role, Bryant has lived through life. Tender and intelligent roles go beyond stereotypes with the fact that Bryant is living and makes this part important and interesting. It will not hurt even that Bryant is perhaps the most attractive woman you will ever see on celluloid this year - the smile alone could thaw the coldest heart. Effective ability and prospects - why is not this woman in everything that is happening right now. Provide good support in a small role at Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Berta. To say more with the silence or appearance than many Hollywood actresses can handle throughout the movie, it informs the audience of all the events long before the exposition. What governs Washington, as I said, is the governing equivalent of his acting. Using a story about a man that some viewers would find out and was really interesting is the difficult performance Washington has with the aplomb. The film is neither hurry nor glamorous, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, balancing the humor and drama perfectly. Antwone Fisher may not blow you if you love large, explosive Hollywood movies without fences, but for those who appreciate gently crafted characters, with excellent performance and a stable well-engineered direction, it's for you.
