Contrary to other commentators who have commented on the ability of this film to overcome race, I believe that this powerful film provides a comprehensive and profound story about institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a cautious and critical view of this film effort, the decay of women's bodies, the keeping of unpredictable stereotypes, or the satisfaction of white-headed expectations. I think this movie may eventually be a bit happy; however, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse to the extent that some white audiences may feel they are looking at the life of this African-American Antwon Fisher. I have problems with the nautical aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many opportunities or opportunities for black men who are in a Fisher or similar situation. Viewers can go to this movie and expect "black film: what is" black film? "To the stereotypes of pimps, coworkers, drug dealers, single-parent homes, and so on," black film "I think Washington as a director has recognized that African-Americans and other people dealing with colors deal with human issues such as abuse and relocated aggression to name but a few - these problems have been - historically and at the same time - given light and validity only through "Will Hunting" and other white films, it is high time to gain the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and outside the media. It is sad to say that in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before they receive an Oscar or anything else, and they will have to wait until they come or play in a movie that retains the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to win an Oscar, and Denzel deserves the "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before the "Oscade Training Day" appeared. This does not mean to cancel or give away other great actresses and color actors who have been denied their proper praise for ingenious work. Still, Hollywood would have reportedly reported that racism, sexism and heterosexuality are acceptable by keeping stereotypes as rewarding as they appear in countless films such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil "And even" Gone with the Wind. "Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I wish him the best, all the other actors and actors doing great performances downhill, although I'm dealing with Denzel by choosing a more straightforward sistuh with light skin. , that everyone should watch this movie, but it does not have to be for everyone
