This film, based on a true story, comes from director and longtime actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the last decade as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory and a lawyer in the renowned Philadelphia. And, of course, he earned extraordinary acclaim last year, winning the Oscars as Best Actor on the day of training, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to win the Best Actor award. I think Denzel wanted to change the pace, and so he decided to lead Antwon Fisher, in which also the stars. Fisher plays Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has made several guests on such TV shows as King of Queens and he will appear in the upcoming Biker Boyz movie release. <br /> <br /> This is a really well-shot film by Denzel Washington, given that he was the first director. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt a commitment and believed in Antwon Fisher's real life story. Antwone Fisher is a young African-American Navy man who is constantly fighting and after a special battle he is sent to visit a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone deal with his disappointing past and learn to continue his life by finding his mother who was born to him because he was in prison. What makes this movie good is the fact that it's not too melodramatic. I waited a little bit more like hunting volunteer hunting, with great talent, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I do not like Hunting a Voluntary Hunt, or that swearing, fighting and vulgarity of the movie were in place. Exactly opposite! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted a stunning story about dramatic influence in the movie. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see that Antwone is fighting, he's going on and he's having a moment when the world seems to be closing. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the figure of Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's reaction is "under the rock" - an obvious blow from the pressures that fell on Antwon Fisher's soul. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensational for dramatic influence. I think it proves the real nature of Denzel Washington to provide a more realistic story and to exclude typical clichés that are common in Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another point I want to bring to Anthony Fisher is acting. Overall, the movie was good, but not great. Sometimes I think it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but overall, complaining about the performances in this movie would be ridiculous. One actress I would like to highlight in this film is Viola Davis. He plays Antwone's mother, but in the film he says only two sentences, but not because he appears at the end of the film, but rather because in the shock that her long lost son Antwone found her. I would like to point her to her as an actress in that I do not use it. She is basically an actress character, and I have not seen her play some really complicated role. She has starred in Traffic, Out of Sight, Kate & Leopold, and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Solaris remake of Steven Soderberga, scientists have been playing the planet's orbit of the space cruise. In this film, she is confronted with George Clooney's character and attracted to tears by what Clooney tells her about a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her tear up on the scene and thinking that this woman could act. It was as if you could feel the sadness of the character. She gave so many expressions in that short face shot, and I honestly liked her for the sadness and trouble of her film. I think she has some potential as an actress and should be used more often in major roles, rather than as a character-driven actress. However Antwone Fisher is a very good film. Denzel Washington, as always, takes great performance and gives us a great directorial debut. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his tremendous critical glory for his role playing, but I think his popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also stars Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
