"And there was a time when there was a risk that they would remain tight in the knees, much more painful than the danger that was needed to flourish" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says, "The real path of discovery is that it does not see new landscapes but has new eyes "The author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see a new landscape, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on the autobiography "Finding Fish," written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in Antwon Fisher's film, Denzel Washington's first directing effort. It is a sincere, if somewhat formal, view of the painful process of transition from being consumed by man's past in order to live life in the present. Required to attend therapy after several eruptions of anger at basics, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in a glimpse as an adult Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life at meetings with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). He does not want to talk first, but when he starts, the door is closed. After his father was shot dead and Antwone left his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster house where he lived for fourteen years and suffered from humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment of his foster mother, Tate (Novella Nelson), who was only named as a nigga, and his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), was actually much worse than it was on the screen. <br /> The only friend he has is local is Jesse (Jascha Washington), who later adds to his feelings of leaving. It is difficult to build a movie around psychiatric sessions, but it has been successful in common people and good will, with a much more dramatic interest, but it sank here due to the dominant show of Washington and Luke, although the film's attempt to compress eleven years into a few months seems a little lighter. Davenport's humanity and warmth, however, allows Fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend, also in the navy, supports him in his struggle to break through. <br /> <br /> <br /> With Cheryl's help and counseling Dr. Davenport Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the search for his mother to complete the past. What is happening in Derek Luke's unbelievable performance is Antwon's desire for admission, dramatized in a heartfelt dream that appeared at the beginning of the film, in which he is a guest of honor on a banquet filled with people who love him. Comrade Mort Sahl once said that "people have to remember why we are all here: find a way home ..." Antwone Fisher touches not only the desire of a young man to go home but achieves all those who have cried to sleep without they would know they are loved.
