I did not see the movie in the original theatrical release, I was happy to be surprised when the DVD came because this film did not have the wide distribution it deserves. Denzel Washington directorial debut and finished product have nothing to envy other films on the same theme of more successful directors. The film has a very professional look. It shows Washington has learned a lot on the other side of the camera. It brings a different angle to this movie. One of the best things the movie has is undoubtedly the fine performance of Derek Luke. He is an actor who will undoubtedly go with the right direction. His taking of the young man at this moment of his life, the turbulence and the miserable miseries he has dealt with so far, is very true. His Antwone is a great portrait of a man in pain that is basically very good and has so much to give, but it seems that no one sees this page of his characters. At the worst time of his despair, Antwone is sent Dr. Davenport, played by Washington, in a very sober, somewhat muted way. Because of anxiety in Antwone, he misses the opportunity to open up to this man who wants to help, but because of the restrictions he has imposed, he only has three sessions, and then he has to dismiss his patient. <br /> </ p> <p> Things are evolving because Antwone can persuade a doctor to continue with it. Antwone's past is revealed in detail. Abuse suffered by Mrs. Tate, his foster parents, is brutal, at least. An attempt at the elderly woman's hand in Tate's home due to sexual harassment gives Antwone the bitter taste that keeps him with his adult life as he is horrified by the shame he brings with him. Antwone finally seeks love with Cheryl, who is so patient that another world sees him with the love and support he gives him. Leadership is really good. Dr. Denzenport also has its own problems. He is not a happy camper. He can help Antwone, but he can not help, nor his relationship with his wife. <br /> <br /> Talent in the movie is incredible. Joy Bryant makes a great Cheryl. Novella Nelson, who is a great actress, is great as Mrs Tate, an abusive foster mother. Antwone's encounter with his unknown family is a bit sweet and sentimental, but of course, he is sure that Fisher will finally find happiness, we have to take that part of the movie as well.
