He wrote and directed Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was a comedy comedy of decades. Sir John Gielgud won the Academy Award. It was even featured in VH1's "I love 80's." And it looks as good as it was when it was released. Arthur is a respected classic comedy about a drunken millionaire (he plays with the enthusiasm and joke Dudley Moore in an Oscar nomination), which he has to choose between the woman he loves and the life he has accustomed to. While the basic plot is one big cliché, there is nothing special about this pleasant combination of clever dialogue and joyous farce. Arthur Bach is basically nothing but a fool, but you can not help him, like his. Especially when he delivers lines like: "Did not you want me to be? I know I'm doing it!" It is also a definition of the archetypal hero of the film: unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, we are not ashamed to be dirty. In one scene, the man asks him, "What does that all have to do with that money?", To which he replies, "It's great." Moore adds such charisma and character spell that his viewers would not otherwise want. And Gielgud is simply perfect as an arrogant servant and appeals to his master with extreme condescension, even though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or exceptional: it just comes naturally. The screenplay - which also received a nod from the academy - is saturated with an authentic laugh-loud dialogue. This is the kind of movie you endlessly quote with a group of poker comrades. He also looks at his characters with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies that try to immerse in the drama by including the death or illness of the main star (including both Grumpy old men), but few can do it because we only have one. When this film makes a dubious decision to exclude a valet, it really works because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a ubiquitous, innocent pleasure. At a time when movies are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us of the feeling we go to the cinema and we just have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
