I remember trying a few minutes from this movie. I am surprised that I have not seen it, from director Steve Gordon, his only film that had previously died of heart failure. In fact, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe won and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is a happy drunk millionaire with everything he might want, the lock, Hobson valet (Oscar and Golden Globe won and BAFTA named Sir John Gielgud) and a lot of booze. He has inherited $ 750 million if he married the daughter of millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), whom he and the family chose Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself in Linda Marolla's cafe (nominated for the Golden Globe Liza Minnelli), which of course threatens the legacy and three quarters of his family, from Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur, on the wedding day, does not listen to the family's wish, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur heritage to live happily ever after Linda's true love. Also played by Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Miss Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is amazingly funny and a little hurrying like a nearly drunk millionaire, Minnelli is as sympathetic as a woman he loves, and Gielgud, of course, makes a great Oscar winning impression as Moore's humorous, humble, sarcastic servant, the amazing comedy of fucking. He was awarded the Oscar for the best song for "The Arthur Theme (Best Things to Do)" (also won the Golden Globe) (it was 79 for 100 years, 100 songs) and was nominated for Best Writing, screenplay was nominated for BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Burt Bacharach's film music and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Comedy / Music. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on the 50 greatest British actors and the film was number 53 on 100 years, 100 laughs. Very good!
