Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons. My good friend, who worked on the film as an extra and helped ride a stable scene just recently died. If you look fast, you can see Frank Graham during the restaurant in the background, while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was a master rider, and everyone who knew him was missing him. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I really knew the real life of Arthur Bach. He was not as rich as Arthur, but spent 47 years of his life essentially like a child. His parents drove his handbags firmly, but his rent and services were paid in the basement at Greenwich Village. He spent a lot of time apologizing to himself for various ghosts and making a public show of himself, just like Dudley Moore. <br /> <br /> The miracle with Arthur is why someone would be bothered by the wealth not. But that's the second half of the equation. My friend was a very charming man when you know him. In fact, it was almost an urge to be charming. He could not buy a newspaper or magazine without trying to establish a relationship with the seller. He spent his life as a perfect party host. The term wastrel, which was commonly used in the 19th century, would apply to it. And that's what Dudley Moore is, a murderer. Unlike my friend Moore, John Gielgud has to clean up after him. This is a full-time job as we see in Arthur. My friend has never found Liza Minnelli, the male Liza Minnelli in fact because he was gay. Still Moore's portrait of Arthur Bach is deadly accurate and so real to me. Arthur, a 20th century wastrel, is forced to marry another child trust fund in Jill Eikenberry. Because he will not work for a living, the threat of cut-off is really real to him. He has only his butler Hobson, played by John Gielgud and Chief Bitterman, who plays Ted Post to cure his problems. We should all have such difficulties. John Gielgud in his almost centuries of life certainly did a better job than Arthur in the film and in fact Gielgud is more prominently known for his theatrical performances. Still, 1981 was a sentiment at the time of the Oscar. The Academy won the Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn Awards for Golden Ponds and Gielgud Award for Best Actress, especially for lifetime work. The man was amazing, still in his craft almost to the end. So, Frank Graham, who worked in the film, and Jackie Weiss, the true real life of Arthur, I am giving this review.
