1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in movies. Just as some of the best silent movies produced in each genre, the sound came, and - when getting big cash in the box office - it was to put the art of filming back for about five years, as the film industry fought new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great silent era comedies. The film shows that William Haines had comic skills beyond the usual formula of an uncomfortable convincing fellow who turned against him, teaches his hour and then redeems by winning a football game, polo play, etc. This film is also exposed to A for illustrating that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had great comic instincts and timing. This movie begins with the adventures of Beverly Hillbillies - Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old South. General Pepper has decided to let a manager who is lucky to hire his daughter as an actress. While with the student commissioner, Peppers runs into Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. Peggy gets his acting work. She is unhappy when she finds out that it is disgusting, but it does. She is finally discovered by a great studio, and she and Billy split up as she begins to play dramatic roles. Soon the newly discovered glory gets into her head, and she is about to lose the public and get a royal title when she decides to take her new head of a man she really does not love, unless it fits any fate. > <br /> One of the things MGM often does in his films of late silent era and in his early sound films are pictures of how the films were made at MGM in 1930. This film is one of those we get Charlie Chaplin, who tries to get Peggy's autograph, a number of MGM player cameras during that time, including King Vidor himself and even Marion Davies' camera when Peggy sees Marion Davies as Marion Davies arrives at work. Peggy Grimasy and mentioned that he did not care. Really the pleasure from beginning to end, it's a silence that is definitely worth it. This is one of the films that I also recommend using to introduce people to the art of silent cinema because it is very accessible.
