This comedy in 1981 is still showing thanks to the joint efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and the stars of Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, just in his early 1940s, died shortly after the completion of this single feature film. It is a particularly unfortunate loss because it really shows hand in hand the character that makes the film irresistible. It plays almost like a comedy of a snail's musical style from the 1930s, adapted for the present taste. The conspiracy focuses on Arthur Bach, a drunken, tiny millionaire playboy who threatens to lose $ 750 million in her heritage if she does not get married to boring and boring Susan Johnson, an heiress picked up by his father's old money and little grandmother. Of course, she does not love her and accidentally finds Linda Marolla, a servicing girl for a working girl (and of course an aspirant actress) when her father turns Bergdorf Goodman's tie. <br /> <br /> Standard complications flow, but most lovingly, with the amount of alcohol-powered slapstick made with the classical Moore élan. Making such a spoiled figure is not only good for his comic talent, but also for Gielgud's gruesome, acidic twist like Hobson, Arthur's devotee, but a realistic butler. It's a type of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson a truly unforgettable figure that his fate in the movie brings a welcome injection of pain in the process. Liza Minnelli, probably her most enjoyable film role, portrays her male star stars by mitigating her usual personality and developing Linda with a motivated motivation. Pre-LA Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan just in the right passive aggressive remark, while Barney Martin (Jerry's dad at" Seinfeld ") steals all of her scenes as Linda is Ralph's unsettled father. and I have to admit that I still can not stand in a very dated, well-written song by Christopher Cross, who inevitably won the Oscar for the best year of the year.A DVD DVD of 1997, which certainly needs remastering, has nothing but a few pictures and production notes.
