I saw Marion Davies in two movies, and I really could not understand her appeal. She could not dance on peanuts, did not try to sing, and in terms of her acting - it seemed to be in trance. But I did not see her silent comedy and this movie is wonderful. Rather than relishing my own picture, as I have suggested, it seems to me that it is a satire on Gloria Swanson, which began in horror comedies, went to highly emotional images of women, and finally married the earl. Marion, the top mimic, also made a funny imitation of rabbits whenever she wanted to be considered magnificent, it was a place on Gloria Swanson !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) of Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter Peggy (Marion Davies) will be the greatest star in history. Their hopes are getting worse and they are up to the last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works on slapstick studies and promises Peggy to get a job. Peggy thinks she will be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she's a fantastic comic. She convinces her to make the film and the preview is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph, but she does not know him and treats him carefully. "Who was that little guy" - when he finds he fails !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy wants them and suddenly is on their way. There's a fun scene where he sees a star he's not thinking about - it's Marion Davies! <br /> <br /> Finally she gets a chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a cheerful scene when the director tries everything to scream and when she succeeds, she can not stop !!! Her new leading man, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her comedy and become elite and sophisticated - even adopting a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she developed the personality "STAR" !!! When the studio chooses the same place as "Patricia," Billy is thrilled to see her, but she is totally unprepared for her snob attitude. When he calls him a cheap clown, he realizes he's not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio lunch (a spectacular splash of one of the biggest stars of the day), "Patricia" gets a call from the boss. It seems that her movies are on the flop, and no theater wants them to reserve - the public is tired of her manners and wants the old Peggy back. She and Andrea decide to marry, dreaming that she is a countess (though Billy says Andre served his spaghetti in a small cafe in the city center and is no longer countess than he is). She will visit Billy on her wedding day and realize that Billy is for her. It was amazing to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert is seen walking through the MGM gates, Lew Cody talks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "it," but also several romantics who were made into MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the cafe, he had great comedy timing. Harry Gribbon was like a comedic director cheerful - there were so many fun scenes in this movie and Marion is at the top of all - the movie I give 10 out of 10. High, highly Recommended.
