The day when Marion Davies had her druthers and not just listen to William Randolph Hearst, she would have to make more movies like Show People and was much happier. In fact, when you see her, she's got her first break in two reel comedies, she'd like to make her career as epic as Knighthood Was In Flower and Janice Meredith. <br /> <br /> What you see in all accounts at Show People is a real Davies, gifted comedy, great mimic, and generous good man. She could really be identified with Peggy Pepper's actor Patricia Prepoire, who was staring at her in her Hollywood star. If the Show People plot is set to the legitimate stage you would call it a backstage story. I think it's one of the first movies about movies that you could call a camera. Marion is an eager young hope coming to Hollywood like many others looking for a long break. She wants drama, but her introduction to films is like a foil for burlesque comics. He gets his face of cakes and seltzer in his face, but he learns to trade her. And he also wins the heart of a young comedian actor William Haines. He gets his first big break, but he does not even come for Haines and Marion makes a legitimate drama with actress Paul Ralli, starring Andre Telfair, pretending no account Count Avignon. Someone here shot at actors Lou Tellegen, a lover and husband Sarah Bernhardt, Geraldine Farrar and others, and he heard it say one of the most despised people in the cinema. Show People was one of the first films to have perennial portraits of stars like themselves. You will see people like Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, Mae Murray, John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman, etc. Who are just in the movie colony. This in itself makes Show People a movie worth saving. Show People also made good use of the standard songs of Cin Pan Alley, such as: "It's not fun, I'm sitting on the top of the world, You'll be surprised, California, here I came in. As the film came out on the sounds of the sound that was introduced, a song called Crossroads was It's not a bad number, but the guys and the girls who sing them in the soundtrack do not believe I think because they can not see it was to feel that the invoice is not necessary I would still like to know and I'm sure if you have Lucky to see Show People. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why Marion Davies liked it so much and considered it a personal favorite. She looks at home in this movie and her real life is insignificant in being true to her experience.
