Let me first say that this show was the highest when there was John Ritter. After his death, the show was a bit lost, but the producers did not give up the show and James Garner and David Spade were regularly cast from 2003 to 2005. Show show centers (Katey Sagal), their daughters Bridget (Kaley Cuoco), Kerry (Amy Davidson) and their son Rory (Martin Spanjers), who was born in London. If Ritter was on the show, I'd laugh (and I'm proud to admit that I am), but now that he's gone, he only laughed a little with occasional hearty laughter. I'm very glad I fell on the transition of this show after Ritter's premature death because it made the eps with Ritter much better. <br /> <br /> Ritter's character is so well played and well rounded that you can not forget but love him. He always makes girls around dating but really wants to be happy. She's the ultimate daddy who hates a friend. Katey Sagal is also great and she is also a nice figure. After Ritter's death, her character has so much influence and strength not only for her children, but I believe that Sagal has shaped the lives of Cuoco, Davidson and Spanjers because she and Ritter have long been friends. <br /> <br /> The most entertaining person on the show will be Bridget Hennessy, played by Kaley Cuoco. She is the ultimate blonde: gorgeous, slow, thoughtful, yet she is a smart person. She is out of the wall cheerful with her innocent "blonde" humor and how horrified she is. Amy Davidson can be a bit annoying like Kerry, but that's the purpose of her character. The only mistake of the show is that the show never really gives Kerry anything that would be happy. It's always about Bridget and her character feels like they're just throwing her. Martin Spanjers as a lonely Hennessy son is hysterical, and when Ritter is on show, it's mostly comic material. After Ritter's death, the series features stories for Rory. David Spade and James Garner are all just laughs, with a casual story for C.J., Spade's character. Garner plays Cate's father as a bit of background information. Overall, I give this show a great overview because it's a great show that has become a tragic event that has crippled her. You will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10 - spy
