8 Simple Dating Rules My teenage daughter had a good start. The top talentist Tom Shadyac was involved in the project. This meant that the comedy would be no less spectacular and that's exactly what happened: the show remains one of the freshest, funniest and smartest programs that have been produced for a very long time. Every line, face expression, casting choice, scene, all made perfection. There was no episode I thought: "A man who was not as good as the other." Each of them was exceptional. Again, it is the kind of perfectionism we expect from Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadyac is the director of Ace Ventury (first film), Nut Professor (first) and Liar Liar. Pretty Curriculum Vitae. He is a producer here, not a director, but his magical touch feels in every episode. The family consists of: Father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): Nice, slightly neurotic, can be a pushover from time to time working as a sports writer. John sadly died in 2003 and left a pleasant memory and almost certainly a cancellation of meditation suits. Mother: Cate (Katey Sagal): Come on, who did not love Katey when Peg played married with children? Al Bundy was our hero. The audience gave him respect and a love he never had. But without Peg's illicit, parasitic, lazy lifestyle, Al would probably be just another father in Chicago instead of Peg (actually life) causing him. Katey was MILF at that time and she's still: brune now (instead of redhead) and just like buxom as always. Cate is a conservative mother and loving wife. I know it sounds boring, but it comfortably fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> Ditzy Blonde's Daughter: Bridget (played by Perfect Kaley Cuoco): almost never idiot played so well. In addition to what Gob's arrest, Bridget can be for all awards given by the archetype of shoes. Bridget is shallow, self-centered, not too bright, and in his appearance he was tough. She plays a blonde blonde role better than an IMO. Perfection. One of the highlights of the show. Overlooked Geeky's Daughter: Kerry (Amy Davidson): Brune and Geek, she has no love of life or circumstances. It seems to be mostly overlooked, undervalued and neglected most of the time. She is younger sister Bridget (she is actually older than her), and both very contradictory personalities and brains cause endless clashes, much of our amusement. Son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): She was the second most entertaining figure of the IMO before Ritter's transition, John goes through, new characters are coming, and Rory is not a wise jerky verbal problem first: it was mainly about David Spade's characters. <br /> <br /> Those characters were the main ones at the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately, mad merry Larry Miller (one of my favorites) did not get much time on the screen. He played Paul's collaborator / contestant. After the aortic autopsy stood for Ritter's life in 2003 (September 11), the show was momentarily for a while. No one thought he could come back, but later it was with some new additions. This started the second phase of the show and the new characters were: <br /> <br /> Strict confidential school principal: Ed (Adam Arkin): I saw Adam here and there on a talk show. It was the first time I'd seen she was doing anything. Impressed is the word I use. His performance was very impressive. Sad that was not brought earlier. He also plays Cate's potential love interest after Paul goes through. Gradual progress towards this point (which would be crazy in the beginning) will bring a lot of praise to the creators. This was done slowly, carefully and excellently, with constant respect for Paul (Ritter). Grandfather Attitude: Jim Egan (James Garner): a surprisingly welcome addition to the series, was a cannon to feed for infinite "old" jokes, mainly because ... 35-year-old unemployed wise fucking stepmother brother: CJ (played at crazy funny heights by David Spadem ): I knew Spade was funny, I just did not know it was so funny. Somehow, Spade's familiar presence perceives inside his character (unlike the detachable character), which is understandable because he is a comedian and he is on a comedy show. This exciting feeling is a bit like seeing someone borrowing a lot of David Spade's performance in movies, talk shows and features (awards, etc.) And it will provide a great impersonation of Spade's voice and comedic style, except that it's Spade. I mean, you realize you're not trying to play someone else's or a whole new character: it's a funny, fun Spade we met, and this funny pattern takes place at the absolute top. Every line he's told, every sarcastic hit, all literally classics. Spade was CRAZY - funny; So, so funny. Slim humor and drama were both improved after the show returned, but the audience thought: "John has gone through, it will no longer be the same." This is understandable because we are talking about a group of people (American spectators) who gave the "Yes Dear" free ride, but have caused Andy Richter to rule that the universe will be canceled shortly. As the quality of the show grew, its rating has fallen. Soon it was not, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> And I saved the best of last: fans with a husband and children are in favor. And the boy, what a cure it was. I'm still shy, I just remember. It is a surprise so good that it would be crazy if it spoiled it, even if I rightfully did it on the pretext of "spoiler ...". Just say it's something you'll never forget. I know I will not :-)
