The Connecticut Community Pool is a setting for this "under radar" movie, which is charming, fun, entertaining and appealing. Although she won awards at major film festivals, "The Big Bad Swim" was not released to theater hordes across America but was distributed in DVD format and showed selectively in theaters. <br /> <br /> It's unfortunate that "The Big Bad Swim" never had marketing humor about the Hollywood release, considering how many platinums Hollywood HAS released this year, for example "I know who killed me. " The "Great Bad Swimming Sound", a really good film independent, had to swim himself upstream. However, in the movie "Big Bad Swimming", actress Paget Brewster is cute and believable as Amy, a math teacher who is not only made by her husband, but she too is about to lose her job and end up with a gambling in a new life. Jeff Branson's television soap actor - HOT - plays Noah, a serious, vulnerable swimming teacher who has an extra length of swimming pool to help his students overcome their fears and finds out that they can learn from their students. Nice, sexy Jess Weixler (I saw her only in a commercial ad?), She plays Jordan, who has two works, one as a dancer pole and the other a blackjack trader. Her character is a catalyst for change in a set, but is the least understood by the character, because she is missing a "back story" or motivation why she does what she does. Jordan is so young that he still lives at home with the ubiquitous, younger brother who is watching the video camera that spies on her. However, her parents are by no means involved in life, which seems strange. There is no drunken mother or abusive father to explain why a normal and attractive girl from the outskirts of Connecticut would choose to be a self-healing potion of a dancer who would be bruised for the lust of the Bachelor party. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that "The Big Bad Swim" succeeds greatly because it's happy, feel good movie. <br /> <br /> As we can expect, they learn to swim the metaphor of life. In the end, it's better to jump with both feet and go swimming until you get on board, because life's going to happen the same way. Big Bad Swimming is a great date movie, great dorm movie, great "what I did not see" movie, and men as well as women.
