I was pleased to screen the film "The Big Bad Swim" at the New London Film Festival in 2006 last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-major films from last year. That was my premise that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally around eastern Connecticut. But once the loans began to crunch, I could only think of how well "Great Bad Swimming" compared to the others that appeared during the festival. It was far off on my list, followed by "Puffy Chairs", "Who killed an electric car" and "Transamerica". "The Big Bad Swim" is a humorous, true and humorous view of several adult students floating class students and their sympathetic yet harsh instructor who has a depth I have not seen on the screen yet. The evolving nature of the character and make-up derived from something as absurd as an adult swimming lesson works in subtle and cute ways that I found refreshing. This is not going to take you across your head; rather, it builds and grows ecologically with the pace that was in place. I've never been bored. I never shot. I never got out of the story on the screen. The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "The Old School". Performers from a group of relatively unknown actors were credible and their dialogue was never unpleasant or fanciful. Of course, there is no production in more than millions, the camera was so fearless and clear, but reasonable and well done for the budget. The lighting technology and shooting of scenes in the club club was especially charming because of a more realistic approach than a similar thematic scene that appeared in the documentary "Closer". I also found that the footage shot underwater from the class down the waist looked like the portrait of the character that a shot from the shoulder would look like. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it's repeatedly by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say: If Big Bad Swim is not upgraded for a distribution, I would be very disappointed. "Big bad swimming" should be seen. If you have the opportunity to see this movie, see it! Disappointment is not possible!
