Sunday 16th July 20:00 Castro in San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Like a Southern Colonel your makeup is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> Hollywood's knocking gossip has sling more than a little mud in Marion Davies direction over the years. It was often speculated that her glory had given her and was not willing. Because of the mawkish dramas that have been so often hit, this criticism seems to have some validity. As a comedy her star shone very clearly. She did not want to pursue a career in a light comedy and slapstick that she could compete with Mabel Normand. One of her better trips was King Vidor's Show People (1928), who survived and is so well known for the fact that MGM filled him with stars. This happy coincidence rescued unintentionally what is definitely among the top two star Davies and notorious Joe College wise cracker William Haines. It is said that people are loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, which began in Sennett's comedies and rose to a great drama (and does not think she is losing the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedic studies used in this film are the original excavations that Keystone left a year ago (thinking of who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) runs his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood and plays in movies. These two country hicks are unsuspecting food for the irreparable Billy Boone (Haines), "and pudding pie artist?" who descends to the dining table in an uncomfortable humorous entrance (looking at a piece with a dummy), and then helps Peggy land a part in his next slide. What he thinks is a high drama turns out to be a shit, but the job is a job, and Billy convinces her "... all the stars have to take on her chin?". At the show, Billy and Peggy got ... Charlie Chaplin, who asks for her autograph! He pulls the little boy aside and frightens Billy grabs the book and makes her mark. Chaplin climbs in his car and Billy tells Peggy, who is just snubbing, so he naturally disappears. It's so funny, since Davies's character does not have to recognize this guy! Peggy will soon move to work at High Art Studios, change his name to Patricia Pepoire, and leave poor Billy behind. Davies is doing a magnificent reinforcement of a serious actress, with all the prerequisites of how the lashes and trembling lips grew. Vidor throws in a parade of stars and goes lunch in a long tracking photo (and everyone sits shoulder to shoulder, in front of the camera!), Including Polly Moran (Who is also a sensationally funny play to Davies's maid), Louely Parsons (one of Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, Comedy duo Karl Dane (with his hands in the sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal silver), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's quarrels), Renee Adoree, Rod (food and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in the mantle) Gilbert (also appearing in the MGM wrack early on), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, placed between Douglas Fairbanks (as a fun trick) and William S. Hart before Doug.) Billy enters the High Art crew where a comedy group disrupts their shooting, with predictable nuts.The Vidor even works on the final stage as director of Pegg's current production Harry Gribbon is also a comedic director who makes a great cartoon Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who can not beat Peggy for his screen test and then can not stop her when he does, and Paul Ralli as Andre, her dramatic interest in love and cheerful fake. When her character tries to "act" as if Davies has attempted all the terrible dramas that have been forced upon her, and she is great at it. <br /> <br /> Even if it's true Show People, Hockey satire "good ole" has remained a very entertaining example of MGM's quality work, Irving Thalberge and its enormous amount of talent. What damage was lost so much. There are too many examples of great movies, such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies's tremendously successful comedies of the same year, which they were eating in the vaults when they could see and enjoy themselves.
