I had the opportunity to see this movie twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed watching it for the second time when they had a screensaver. When I look at the films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be nervous and uncompromising, often with the feeling of a complicated student project. Naturally there is nothing wrong with these types of projects and I enjoy unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more traditional approach to independent film. "The mainstream," I think more like a movie made for a national release - In other words, a movie that you would see in a regular cinema. Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and playing in this film are all for. There's nothing fundamentally independent about this film. As an aspiring director, I've always been looking for movies that motivate me to stop proclaiming and harder pressure to get into a career. That's one of those movies. When I watched Big Bad Swim, my motivational level was incredible. I felt like I was getting adrenaline. The reason I felt so was that I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater and I'm ready to start writing this long delay project. When the movies feel like this, I know it's really good. This is the first full-length project by Ishai Setton and I've found out he wants me to be my project. For me, it's really rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. He is beautifully shot and directed and casting is excellent. Paget Brewster brings a very credible and sympathetic performance. She has a good quality charisma about her that really attracts you and focuses on her anytime she's on the screen. You know you know her personally as a friend. That's a gift. I think that industry is really lacking in that it does not use its acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler have also done top-notch work. I can not say pretty good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all who are involved in its production.
