In the last few months I've collected the Voyager 4 to 7 DVDs (before I had only 1 to 3 videos because Kes is my favorite character) and just finished. I saw them when they were originally featured on TV here in the UK, but most of them forgot. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Naturally, when I'm a fan, I'd love to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but that's left to our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things?" Involving the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new romance begins in the final (Troi and Worf in another gene and seven of the nine and Chakotay here), leading to death in the future. I really loved "endgame," in all respects, Neelix appears even though he left the ship two episodes earlier. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with a loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick, but returning home means he can be cured. Harry was always worried and determined, but he admits that the journey is important. Doctor, in the future, everyone is well respected and finally chooses the name of Joe! But of course the captain has the biggest role to meet her future self, who wants to send the crew back home to prevent losses. The Borgs are involved because in this period Voyager played a huge role. Alice Krige once again plays Borg Queen fantastically, only her voice and the acting method are spectacular. I'm sorry that Susanna Thompson, Queen of TV Borg, has replaced the Borg Queen of the film. Maybe it was not available. Special effects are fantastic, the Borg subspace and Queen Borgo are falling apart! It's tense. Especially when they come out of the corridor of the Borg underworld and say their placement is exactly where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go into a corridor that leads back to the delta quadrant. And what a great idea to get into the Borg Protected Area, on DVDs of special features, says it's like a Trojan horse. Voyager could continue. If it was more popular, it would be stuck with their original idea that the crew realized the ship was their home, as in Harry's talk and what Tom said because his wife and child are there. And then they could get home in the movie! Overall, Voyager was a little hit and was missing. The sixth year seemed good and then one less than good. Two episodes set in the holographic Irish village are terrible! My perception of the seventh of nine was that she took over, everything was spinning around her, which was not true. When it first appeared, season 4 focused on too many episodes, but then it was gone. And her character is occasionally brilliant, 20 years, when Borg's drone gradually regains its humanity. I like her, especially in "Someone Looking at Me", "Imperfection" and "Human Fault". When Naomi Wildman was first afraid of her, but then became her girlfriends often by the side, it was beautiful. Chakotay has become my most popular figure. Is chemistry going with Janeway (and not?) And you would never have thought he was the first officer, and most of the time he was pulling them away. I was glad to see the relationship between Tom and B'elanina bloom. I have always liked Neelix. Tuvok was sometimes good, especially when he lost logic, got emotion and was with Neelix's friends. Harry was sometimes unpleasant, but at other times he was fine. The Doctor is probably my favorite when he sees how far he comes and the comic situation he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can say that Kate Mulgrew really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I wish there were more, I love Voyager!
