I really think this film is more of an easy target than a really bad film. In fact, the film is very good in many ways and is very fun. Yes, the script is a bit tangled, but that's a genre. The film has a noir atmosphere with the center of femme fatale. Just like all the old Nine classics, it's also a scenario that rotates you so you do not always know how to understand it at first, and it can be a stretch if you think too deeply and try to put all the pieces together. That's a genre. Generally, the script has enough surprises and turns to let the audience argue and be surprised without leaving the viewer. Sharon Stone is also an easy target. The truth is that she looks great and she talks with her double entender loaded with a dialogue in such a way that she stirs her into something mysterious, sexy and entertaining. Direction is more than satisfactory because we're looking at it - do you have to have an audience interested in "did it or not?" question for two hours. In addition to the twisted scenario and fun performance from Stone, it is done effectively by the direction of creating a noir atmosphere that is also dark and very sharp and contemporary, with direct industry lines along with Stone's sexy curves. The frame is always beautiful - press a pause anywhere and something is interesting. The film also effectively builds on the things that were in the first movie of tricks and turns them into something a bit more realistic, especially the sex. "Katherine Tramell is bisexual ... how shocking!" it is better treated with matter and typically the sexuality of the film is used for better effect. It's still irritating, but it does not do it so fast because it's a shock value and a buzz, like the first one. I'm not going to say it's not a bit of a trick, because, like that, this movie is going to be fun. And a fun movie is it. It can be an easy target, but if you look at it, what is it: Nipple, femme-fatale powered, twisted, sexy, making-or-not-it, that (no toy was intended).
