Let me be in front, I like pulp. However, it's like one of those "easier dives" you see at the Olympics. It has to be a bit marked because it is easier to give cheaper excitement than to attract you inside the world, such as a late medieval painter. This is a two-hour ghost ride, and while often (or more precisely, most of the time!) It is absurd and unlikely that it always goes ahead and always has fun. If not always the right way. Look for an unforgettable amount of laughter. <br /> <br /> (But pretty much why she was awarded the "worst film" Razzie is disturbing - I think that in 2006 there were a thousand worse movies, but this movie was treated because she was considered a fashion victim. ) The main case and popular writer Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone) is now in London when she writes a novel but her death and destruction follow as flies to watch horses during hot weather. God of heaven, can not even visit the toilet without falling to at least two corpses, and I'm sure she'd opened the closet in her big apartment, somewhere in a big Hollywood style. <br /> <br /> Yes, a very dangerous lady who circles around (if you like your pulse above zero), but is it personally responsible? I mean, why would anyone put two and two together and think she could be a killer? Her reaction to such allegations also seems very informal. But is it just a personality disorder (some form of b / s risk dependency) or other evidence of her guilt? <br /> <br /> For reasons that I can not fully understand or explain, Stone is assigned by psychiatrist Michael Glass (David Morrissey) to evaluate rather than destroy cells after another "lover found behind mysterious circumstances." Luckily (for Stone) he is much more crazy than any of his patients and has his own family and professional problem. In the instant of the eye, the relationship changes from the doctor to the patient, and then it's hard to say, because everything turns into something rotating blur. <br /> <br /> In this intoxicant mixture comes Roy Washburn (strange Welsh singer David Thewlis), who says love has struck a doctor - as a policeman who has spent many years - that a lady's question can be dangerous. I want to hold the front. However, the glass is now too glassy to realize or take care of it. Just like a dizzying boxer in front of the most beautiful Mike Tyson, ripe for a big take-down, however, not before he finds that Washburn can have a secret or two himself. Now comes Millena Gardosh (Charlotte Rampling), the second psychiatrist and a rare example (in this film) of someone who does not madness or is suspected of murder. Assuming she actually watched the finished film, she must return with nostalgia when her underwear fell out of Stone's weight - fortunately (at least for us) those days are long gone. He thinks Stone is not as dangerous as anybody else - or else he does not think the script is good enough or big enough to do the right thing. After several rounds, the track roughly sketched above comes to the peak that blends provincial rep with a cliff / twist that while as vicious as the rest of the film, it gives us plenty of elbow for Basic Instinct 3 - very unlikely it can be at this point in time.
