So every year there is at least one film that does not have a chance to be successful in boxing, because from the moment of production, even before a single shot is shot, everyone chooses this movie ... There is a long list of these kinds of films and finally some are (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few that are really great for what they are, but nobody admits! (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their mistakes but are quite nice. I think, my God, just because a large crowd has to sacrifice a sacrifice every year, but no one can join them. So, yes, maybe those movies are not perfect, but do you know how many movies are they? Not every movie should be the new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these films, but I bet they are more than those who admit they are doing. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is just a hysterical humorous, Color of the Night (1994) that does not have to be an Oscar but is certainly no silly thriller with some nice twists, Swept Away (2002) is a great blend of bad humor and beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was great fun with some really unforgettable lines and played badly from the former "Bennifer" -Splete and this year's "Basic Instinct 2"! When I heard the story of continuing one of my favorite films, I was very skeptical and although I really loved Sharon Stone, I was skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And I was really very surprised! I do not understand why it is so badly printed and such a bad vote here. She never simply copied the original, she has a totally clever story, she has tension, action, humor, and absolutely amazing Sharon Stone that reflects the role of her life! With 47 years of filming, she looks hotter than many stars at her age of 20, but it's more than her beautiful, she's a great performer, with her appearance, a glorious smile, a way she talks and moves ... from the very first picture, which is within you, you can not turn your eyes away from it. It's just a pleasure to watch her like Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also provide good performances! So I really do not see what's wrong with this movie ... she's got a dark, thrilling, sexy and rough look, strong performance and never get bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscar-caliber, but it never tries to be! It's a fun-movie, and according to this standard it totally adds in my opinion! So try to try it!
