Finally, after years of waiting for the new film to continue with the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct," we've got a great sequel that's full of the right elements needed for such a franchise! I remember everything on the original, vapor, romance, sex, interrogation, music (from master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else from violence and murder to intense confrontation of all kinds! Do not think "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for the audience everywhere. In 2001 I remembered when we got the first news on this sequel. Five years later we have it. I never would have thought it would end. When she was declared a redundant project, she certainly did not know if it was a real chance to start. I think we now know that something is possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, we only need a charming, always reliable Sharon Stone and we have made a deal! Please hear me ... When people say this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" just because we have not seen a similar movie for many years and the audience has adapted to the absurd, boring narrative narrated in other movies that actually make money and the only reason these big numbers are because these movies are friendly to the family. Who needs a hole and a cleanliness? Of course it's nice, but I want it! Escapism is rarely today, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This film is not the winner of the Oscar, nor will it try. It simply brings hard fans what they expected. It's a movie for fun. Today's films seem to be too serious, but this movie is just free and fun, it's not serious, not too serious. That means I will rate the movie. The movie is a fast movie from the first second, as we see Cathernine Tremella in the car, accelerating at a speed of 110 MPH - and enjoying exciting excitement. . Potential Code Month, Battat House Home Again, Tremell is the primary suspect of an accident and will be included in a group of analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) will automatically meet her from the first moment. Like another criminal before him, he is strangely and seduced slowly and surely. His refusal starts to crumble around him as she stretches the spell, she has the power to do. Tramell is now perhaps more dangerous than it was before, but like the first one, we will never know, do we? Once seduction is in motion, jealousy, rage, drugs and tiles of erotic scenery appear! This film did not recycle the first film, but rather from time to time briefly mention the previous incidents of films. That's a good thing. It allows us as an audience to know that the script has been written to reach a level or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us as if he were not 14 years old. Her second shot of a fraudulent writer is right in place, like before. Just amazing! David Morrissey is well-occupied and well managed. The fact that a non-popular star has been chosen makes his performance much more enjoyable because we have no background on it, just what we see him performing. My final idea - 8.5 to 9 out of 10. It is not the first, nor can it be the first place that won the prize. But it can meet the standards set by the first film and it does make people! It is.
