"Wisecracker," actor biography William Haines, offers a joyous anecdote about a former star when he was 70 years old and long gone from filming. The old man was not sentimental, and rarely looked at his own films, but in 1972 he was convinced to attend the Los Angeles Museum, where he appeared in SHOW PEOPLE, a late silent performance in which he played alongside Marion Davies. Previously, Haines feared that this comedy would cause a bad laugh, but he was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly relieved) by how well he had done it and how much the young audience enjoyed it. Watch the movie today and see why: SHOW LOWS is a beautiful Hollywood satire that keeps its charm, because it shines its targets with joy and taste, but without anger. It's still funny and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, filmmaking technology has changed greatly since silent days, but the pretensions and stupidity of the creators themselves have not changed much. SHOW PEOPLE also stands as the best surviving work of Marion Davies, a first-rate comic that deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedies. Where her career was concerned, Davies was both blessed and cursed under the auspices of her paramour, the journalist magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst played a huge role in Davies 'choice of roles, and also well-known that despite his comedy gift, he preferred to get acquainted with his heroine heroes in girls' plays. By the end of the 1920s, Marion was allowed to shuffle things into several luminous comedies (including RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW LOW, governed by Grand King Vidor, is the most appealing show. William Haines, with his boyfriend and boyfriend Billy Boone, is giving an impressive, sympathetic performance, but it's the main show of the girl all the time. Marion plays South Belle Peggy Pepper, an aspiring acting a Hollywood storm accompanied by her father, deciding to become a movie star. (Her father, Colonel Pepper, plays actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Dramas of Biographers who coincidentally reminded Hearst!) One of the most amusing pieces of Marion, often excerpted elsewhere, is her audition at Comet Studio. While Dad helps to suggest emotions to portray ("Sadness! ... Joy!") And a drop of capsules on her face, Peggy takes the proper expression and posture. She is hired only to find out that the comet is doing comedy with low eyebrows, such comedies in which people alternate with fading and shy cops who turn to rescue. Of course, Comet is intended to take Mack Sennett Keystone, but the true nature of satire is clear as the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper performs in the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves comet for the prestigious High Art Studio, assuming she is named "Patricia Peppoire," who acts as a serious actress in her new station. At some point, it may seem to me (as it was certainly for the audience in 1928) that Davies's rival Gloria Swanson started in Keystone comic books before she came to the fore in earnest dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And while Miss Peppoire is getting seriously more serious, she gives a hat to former colleagues like Billy Boone, and Davies's performance takes on the element of bad parody, apparently directed directly to Swanson. This is particularly noteworthy during the interviews where Miss Peppoire's spokesperson is defending demanding nonsense, while the star brings an immediate impersonation of Swanson. I suppose it was meant as a friendly spoof, but I have to wonder how friendly the relationship between Gloria and Marion was after the release of the film. In any case, SHOW LIVE is a great delight for fans who will be delighted with the camera star procession. Charlie Chaplin contributes a pretty nice, insignificant make-up and looks quite clearly and eagerly looking for Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And in a show of good sport, Marion Davies herself sucks the gaming scene, the night out with a score for poking fun at Swanson by trying herself.) This is a silent film that spectators who are not particularly attuned to silence, at least those spectators who have a taste for movies about movies. SHOW LIFE is definitely one of the classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most spectacular, entertaining Hollywood exercises that are fun.
