As a child, I always hated being forced to sit over musicals. I never understood why such a song would have disappeared, and I was too young to appreciate art (choreography, stage design, costumes, tempo) behind all of them. Carol Reed is "Oliver!" was a musical that I remember being weird about as a child, probably because it's one of the dark ones, and it's suitably soaked in the spirit of the Dickens conspiracy. It is a musical about the life of the ghetto in Victorian London, and while sceneries and scenography are sharp, dark and true to this way of life, it is totally bizarre for people to get into such absurd pieces in the midst of their misery. In the recent review, my first childhood, I have some new ideas and insights into why this musical instrument "works" in the bizarre way he got into the song and why he simply does not do it to me. > <br /> When the musicals work or really say something, it's because they realize their own curiosity. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Darkness," as tragic and opera and as it was, worked as musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant possessed of Hollywood musicals. Likewise, the very cynical and agreeable "Chicago" worked at a similar level because musical numbers were the product of a murderous singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature too seriously (just like in "Moulin Rouge"), or they are simply overly excited about anything (something like "Mary Poppins"). When viewing "Oliver!" for the first time as an adult I saw her in the new light. I said mainly from the perspective of young Oliver that I saw musical figures as the products of his childlike imagination and a way to cope with the horrors of the life of the ghetto around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy got all in the pub signing and dancing about the joy of drunkenness (as an envelope to help poor Oliver escape to the evil Bill Sykes). It was undoubtedly catchy and it sounded like a real pub melody that could start with a piano. There are other great and classic tunes to be heard here, and the direction and action from leading to dance extras are all the highest glow. Still, for all his despondency (although it has a happy ending for Oliver at least, though certainly things do not end happily for Nancy, and if you think life in the streets that are a pocket is fun, it was not necessarily a good ending for Fagin or Dodger, despite their nice closing melody.) I would not say it as a family film, even though I do not think it would show kids older than seven or eight, it will hurt. This is a rough story of an unfortunate orphan who is trying to withstand the streets and find some luck. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on how some, perhaps a revisionist, is where people on Compton streets smash happy songs about their terrible lives. I would like to see the hip-hop version of "Oliver". I always thought Dickens would translate well in these respects. At the stage, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the big movie musicals and possibly the most common movie I've ever seen.
