Large cinematographic musicals were produced between 1950 and 1970. This twentieth annual charisma can be properly labeled as the "Golden Era" of the genre. Before that, there were musicals, and since then there have been musicals ... but the true classics seem to have always happened during this period. Singin 'In The Rain, American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Bride for the Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I and many others, cost so many beloved age products. Perhaps the last great musician of the "Golden Era" is Carol Oliver of 1968 Carol Reed. Freely adapted from Dickens' novel, this live musical instrument is a film version of successful stage design. It's a wonderful film, the winner of six Oscars, including the Best Picture Award. <br /> <br /> The orphaned Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in the working house of poor life, his mother died shortly after his birth. After a meal incident, he was dropped out of the lab and finished working in the funeral salon. But Oliver does not particularly fit into his new job and escapes after several troubled days. He makes a long trip to London where he hopes to look for his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a child's pocket called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who works for Ron Moody, a senior NCO who deals with a gang of thieves. Despite the illegal nature of work, Oliver finds good friends among his new "families." I also know Nancy (Shani Wallis), the girlfriend of the worst and most frightened thief of all menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestors and discovers that he is actually from a rich and well-to-do background. But his chances of meeting with his real family are threatened when Bill Sikes forcibly misuses Oliver, making him an accomplice in particularly risky and ambitious robberies. "Oliver" is a greatly gathered film, eye-catching, and he's great with his talented cast. Moody again made his scene with a distinct accent that had alienated the young man and his energetic performance was Fagin. Lester and Wild are also doing well as young handkerchiefs, while Wallis enthusiastically embodies the role of Nancy and Reed creates genuine contempt as Sikes. The musical numbers are introduced with unbelievable precision and sense of theatrical performance - the choreography of Oscar-winning Oscar White, helping to create songs and dances so unforgettable, but alive artists and skillful Carol Reed roles also play their part. Unforgettable melodies include: "Eat Meals", "Consider Yourself", "You Should Have a Pocket or Two", "I Do Something" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all extremely catchy songs, . The movie is a totally fun experience and never loses momentum for the entire 153 minutes. Sit and enjoy!
