OLIVER TWIST was supposed to have been after a controversial and successful job after Dickens published it in 1837. His image of life in urban ghettos was something shocking and new, and his doing the central personality of the novel were criminals of further innovation. /> <br /> One day he walked in London and passed a young woman with whom he was friendly. He greeted him, but he was very stiff with him. He could not understand. A few days later they met again and asked what he had done to disturb her. "Well, if you know, I did not like your last novel." "Indeed, everyone else thinks." He was confused, "What's wrong?" "Oh, Charles," she said, "I'm Jewish, how could you create a figure like Fagin?" He did not expect it: "Well ... you know that last year he was coach of Ikey Solomon, who was a model for Fagina and was Jewish." <br /> <br /> Dickens found out he could not do it. "Yes," she said, "got what he deserved." But Charles, they did not call him "Solomon the Jew" as if you called Fagin "Jew!" Moreover, Solomon did not plan to kill. Dickens had to admit that he could get away. He let him think about what he was saying. Oliver Twist appeared in several editions. Dickens tried to improve on Fagina a bit. Then he got an idea. He dropped the chapter titled "Fagin's Last Night in Life," which showed a man's fear when he faced him. He also added more details. <br /> <br /> He let his female friend know about his decision to change Fagin. A day or so later he met a friend. She looked at him as if he were crazy. "You did not like the changes?" He asked. "Charles, what has changed - he's still a dirty villain called" Jew "!" She replied. "Yes, I kept them, but did not you see how terrified he was in the prison of death?" The young woman noticed it, but she felt she was so shameful that she deserved such fears. "Oh ... then I was right about it ... and did you see the little details I added?" He asked. "What details?" She replied. "When you first see Fagina for preparing dinner ... do you read it?" Dickens looked at her, expecting to know. Instead, the lady looked confused. "I read that it was by the fireplace, but I had to remove this passage." Dickens smiled as if he was great, "he's preparing dinner for dinner." "And what!" She cried out. "Eating pork, dear ... to see - not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head, and left his friend's house in horror. She has not talked to him for years. Dickens has never faded away from his bigotre, but the situation has led to a partial attempt to change the latest completed novel. IN YOUR NEW STORY (1865) he has a smaller character, Mr. Riah, who uses a ruthless landlord to collect high rents from poor tenants. The landlord says that Mr. Riah will be blamed for being Jewish. But Mr. Riah is a good man. He's a very good man. He is a very, very, very, very good man - so good that he is incredible. If Fagin saw Mr. Ryan in action, he would probably want to go with his wand. The anti-Semitic image of Fagina still persists. It is a measure of Dickens' genius as a writer overcome by the novel. Nevertheless, when presenting a film story, it still causes problems for screenwriters and filmmakers: how can a movie be treated with a dignified novel after the Holocaust without creating fantasy? David Lean showed that by appearing in Alec Guiness in one or two scenes showing the human side and confronting the crowd at the end with true dignity. Sir Carol Reed, in his musical version of the novel, made it even better due to transcription in the original musical script. <br /> <br /> OLIVER was created in the mid-1960s as a West End music hit. then received on Broadway, where she was hit again. With the excellent score of Lionel Barth, including "Food Glorious Food," "I Am Reviewing the Situation," "For Yourself," "Boy For Sale," "Who Will Buy," "As Long as I Need" that success. Reed did well in his role cast, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as Dodger, Shani Wallis as Nancy and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. Hollywood has not achieved any great musical achievements for decades - the last musician to win the Oscars, was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. And Fagin - how to handle the eternal problem of cartoons? Well, in the musical Fagin is not captured, tried and executed for murder murder. After all, even Lean showed that Fagin was trying to control his fellowman in his activities. But here Fagin realizes he's too old to rely on such a lively life. Though he loses his treasures (those stolen objects he retained because he knew their value and admired their beauty), he decided he could reform himself. It is allowed, accompanied by his faithful akolite, Artful Dodger. I do not think Dickens would appreciate this change (his friend might have), but a modern audience would certainly admit it as appropriate.
