As a lifetime fan of Dickens I was always disappointed with the adaptation of his novels. Although his work represented a very accurate re-narration of human life at all levels in Victorian Britain, in all of them he was a ubiquitous thread of humor that could be both playful and sarcastic as the story dictated. In a sense, he was a literary cartoonist and cartoonist. He could be serious and cheerful in the same sentence. He broke pride, dazzled arrogance, celebrated modesty, and listened to loneliness and poverty. It may be a cliché, but it was a folk writer. And it's a comedy that is so often lacking in his interpretations. At the time of writing, Oliver Twist in the BBC television series is dramatized in a serial format. All poverty and cruelty is theirs, but not humor, irony, and wild lamps. The result is just a dark, grim experience: a story written by a journalist rather than a writer. It's not Dickens at all. <br /> <br /> "Oliver!" On the other hand, it is much closer to the mark. The duty of the office is perfectly interpreted, from the shrieking beadle to the drunken judge. The classical situation between the burden and Mr Brownlow, in which the law is described as a "ass, idiot", could not be done better. Harry Secombe is the perfect choice. But there is also a blinding cruelty, a ruthless indifference to the state, coldness, hunger, poverty and loneliness are presented just as surely as the master wishes <br /> <br /> And then it's a crime. Ron Moody is a treasure like a dirty Jewish fence, while Oliver Reid has the perfect Bill Sykes. Perhaps it is not surprising that Lionel Bart - himself a Jew from East London - freed himself with Fagin again as a more blissful man than Dicken's original. He was totally ruthless in the novel and sent some of his boys to the gallows to protect himself (even if he was also caught and hanged). While in the film he is portrayed as something strange father-figure, rather a charitable thief rather than a child's kidnapper, the other is a longstanding anti-Semitic sentiment. Otherwise, there are very few freedoms with Dickens' original. All the most memorable elements are included. Only enough threats and violence are preserved to ensure faithfulness of faithfulness while allowing children's feelings. Nancy is still defeated by death, Bullseye narrowly escapes drowning and Bill Sykes gets a faithful graphic come-uppance. Every song is excellent, even though they are bending towards Schmaltz. Mark Lester mixes me well. Both his and my favorite scene is the one in which the world comes alive "who will buy". It's Schmaltz, but it's Dickens Pass. <br /> <br /> I could continue. I could praise wonderful sets, the contrast of the rich and the poor. There is the finest acting from more British players than you could shake the stick. <br /> <br /> I should give her 10 points, but now I feel more like Scrooge. Enjoy it with your Christmas Dinner. No original was made better.
