Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was fun, full of popcorn entertainment with a budget small enough not to be overcome by special effects. And of course they will focus on "Z Dusk Till Dawn" - listeners. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is trying in the same way to start with rock star Jon Bon Jovi, who plays one of the main characters, but that's all too well ...: I did not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie so I can not compare his acting in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his next roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the movie, he convinced me that I did not expect to get any guitar and play "It's My Life" or something like that, but kills vampires, shows no mercy and does the job to do. That's a lot, because a part of the audience (I myself) probably thought: "... just because it's a rockstar ...". Bon Jovi, of course, is not James Woods, but be honest: it could have been much worse and in my opinion Bon Jovi did a very good performance. Vampiress plays Arly Jover is not a leather suit killer-machine head vampire we met in part 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays a vampire very seductive and very sexy, moves like regret as a cat, attacks as fast as a snake and dresses in a thin, light almost transparent, very erotic cloth. And even the optical effects that support her movement are very well done. He really does. But the director is in some parts of the film just to avoid turning the movie from action-horror to a sensitive horror like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to create a film with a very personal note and different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time its weakest point: audiences celebrating the fun-bloody spa of the first film are probably expecting a second-time pure-blood-funny bottle and can be a little disappointed. Do not make a mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is an entertaining bloodbath, but it's just INVISIBLE this kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene where the vampire tries to pick up Zoey in the ruins: a bar massacre is what you expect from the American popcorn-fun, seduction-Zoey-in-the-ruins-scene is ALMOST European cinema (the movie is excited to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampiress, but refuses the answers at the same time.) Because it would slow down the action? It showed the vampiress audience with the human past, now the suffering of the creature and not just the animal that just kills one). And that's the reason for me, who decides whether or not the movie is accepted by the audience of the original film. And also: Is it "Z Dusk Till Dawn" - does the listener really enjoy? I'm not sure about that. Tommy Lee Wallace, however, worked really well, "vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think that managing the sequel to popcorn Wallace is sometimes too creative, too expressive. Like him, he lets himself develop his talent to satisfy the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life, and maybe it's sometimes sucking at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
