In the first three films, Frank Sinatra was purely a special one: apparently playing himself, but only appeared to appear in someone else's movie while listening to a nightclub. In her fourth movie, a very pleasant "higher and higher", Young Blue Eyes goes into her acting career by playing a real role ... makes the task easier because she plays in a fictional story that gives him few numbers. <br /> <br /> The entrance of Sinatry is quite funny. Michele Morgan will hear a knock on the door and ask who is there. Outside, Hoboken's voice sounds "Frank Sinatra." Sure enough ... <br /> <br /> Initial credits of "Higher and Higher" may fool some viewers, as Rodgers and Hart's names are prominent. In fact, only one song has contributed to this music: "Disgustingly Rich", which this song managed to cast as an intro into a completely different song "I'm Debutante". Interestingly, the song Rodgers & Hart - one of their weakest - is perhaps the least pleasant song in this movie; a few more is a live up-tempo of numbers, especially "that's the most important thing," "when it comes to love you're on your own" and "I've seen the first". Sinatra is good in this movie, but it will work better (and sing better material) elsewhere. The real merits of "higher and higher" are the magnificent corners of some artists who seldom have made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an exceptionally popular dance team of husband and wife who played on several Broadway revues: really charming dancers from the ballroom, giving a lot of physical comedy to their dance materials. Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, did almost no film work, so it is a real pleasure that this film gives us an extraordinary chance to see her close, hear her beautiful voice and sing how sexy she looks in her uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as an actor, only occasionally dancing solo. (Or with Ken Berry in one unforgettable episode of "Mayberry RFD".) Also very attractive in the girls' uniform here in "Higher and Higher" is the live teenage singer Marcy McGuire. Why did not this gifted girl make more movies? Maybe she was a bit like a personality with Betty Hutton. I like Hutton's performance, but I've got even better Marcy McGuire. A little bit of the ending of "Higher and Higher" is a fun little physical business where McGuire and Mary Wickes are as waitresses, and they alternately move from table to table at nightclub. The alternating steps of the short McGuire and the Wickes High Jokes are merry! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a major role in the film "Higher and Higher", he does almost no comedic work: not once he does his famous dance legend. Jack Haley, despite his prominent billing, is also useless. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, who inevitably remembers Sam as "Casablanca". In this film, Wilson made his own singing, but pretended to have his keyboard appearance "As Time Goes By". (In real life Wilson could not play the piano.) Here at "Higher and Higher" he sings pleasantly and gives some fun reactions to other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I think Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives him exceptional movie performance and controls his dialogue skillfully, but never made any key comedy he'd done successfully in his scene later. <br /> <br /> Conspiracy? Forget it. "Higher and Higher" is not one of the notion of a "great" musical instrument, but it's a delight and I rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in the UK as well as Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
