Higher and Higher was one of the smallest musicals on Broadway Rodgers & Hart, who had only 84 performances on Broadway in 1940. Still, he managed to achieve one of his bigger hits. My mind was never there. However, with the exception of one minor song, so disgustingly rich, the entire Broadway score was canceled when RKO bought movie rights. Instead, Jimmy McHugh and Harold Adamson scored a completely new score, most of them by Francis Albert Sinatra, who debuted in a feature film. Sinatra, who made the vocal camera in previous films, was a letter from his singer rival Bing Crosby. When Bing debuted in a big show, Bing Crosby played. Frank Sinatra took over the role of Frank Sinatra, and I can not think of anyone who could do a better job. <br /> <br /> The chairman of the board of directors is third behind stars Jack Haley and Michele Morgan. She's a valet and she's a hairdresser for Leon Errol. In fact, Errol is a millionaire who does not pay his help for seven months. Mainly because he is going to put his stomach up in Chapter 11 or inform the staff. Errol is the beautiful old soul he works for, and none of the workers want to lose a good thing. They associate their resources, and Michele Morgan goes to Errol's daughter, who is in Switzerland with her mother. The idea is to capture the rich bankroll in the hope that we will save family wealth. Just Michele is starting to look for another. It's a light conspiracy and certainly not worse than a lot of musicals, but RKO has invested this film in a good series of players. Barbara Hale and Elizabeth Risdon play another débutante, and her mother who thinks something is wrong, Victor Borge is a property that does not concern Dooley Wilson, Paul Hartman, Grace Hartman, Marcy McGuire, Mel Torme, and Mary Wickes. Sinatra sang three good ballads, they all had some commercial success, the music stopped, the beautiful way to spend the evening, and I could not sleep crazy last night. The last one was nominated for an Oscar for Best Song, but she lost to Alice Faye, you never know. 1943 was the year of the Union Strike musician against the recording industry. In order to obtain his material, Frank Sinatra recorded songs from the higher and higher with an acapolis chorus for Columbia. Bing Crosby recorded Dixie movies in the same way as Decca. Both were convicted by US President James C. Petril as fighters and both did not cross a range of missiles. The strike did not take place until 1944, although Decca had fallen apart before other record companies earlier and settled earlier than Columbia, RCA Victor and others. The strike gave Sinatra several anxiety moments. He just left Tommy Dorsey's orchestra when a strike was called. She closed the necessary space for her art when she was not sure whether Dorsey's abandonment would be the right move. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, Higher and Higher were accepted and the legend was launched.
