I imagine that Victorian literature is slowly falling into the mud of an ever-distant past that has dragged you under the underworld. Next comes the television: at best it has redemptive power and dramatizations, such as those produced by the BBC so gently, the Victorian literature gets new life. Religious motives, moral overtones, may become increasingly reluctant in a world that is no longer easily shocked and acquainted with belonging, affairs, and domestic violence. But those old and well-known stories have a lasting power and this is a hidden gem. Today it's hard to measure how powerful, feminist and extraordinary masterpiece Ann Bronte, "Ten Tenant in Wildfell Hall," was actually. Does it originate from the ancient slime of the corset? physical, mental, social? her heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes from poor marriage, falls out of brutality and alcoholism, struggles not only with her angry furious husband, but also with filthy intolerance and malicious gossip that will cause her to change her life. Will pay the price; but keeps self-esteem; she falls in love with her; will appear beaten, but victorious and strong. I just love to watch women like these on the screen. Are the actors excellent? the best British must offer. The love story is beautifully treated, with true passion and feeling well-thrown actors. Tara Fitzgerald has every aspect of a complicated heroine, and, as other reviewers have said, it should not even be a sharp and beautiful face that could survive that crushing hairstyle. Toby Stephens, whose distinctive sparks come from it, contributes to the right combination of stubborn, handsome youth and passionate desire for suffering. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors at all) is enjoying himself as a charismatic villain (so much so that at the end he is almost with him). The support caste creates a world in which you can sink without feeling that modern compromise has been felt and you feel uncomfortable. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: romantic literature should be dramatized.
