Spoilers ..... I watched TV on TV and remembered this production as less gripping than most Beeb costumes. I dropped this week on DVD and it still looks the same. It's a good story first, but it gets weaker when the hero becomes oh so terribly brave and noble and returns to her totally disgusting man when he's sick, and I totally irritated with my holiness. I think it was "the right thing" when the story was written, as well as a lot of anxieties, and it was hard for a woman to be independent of her husband, because marriage made her more than his possession, let alone continue scandalously with a lover, as I expect a lot of modern audiences would like to see. However, it is hard to accept promises nowadays, especially when this heroine has a strong, courageous admirer ready to defend her against everyone and everyone. So the story as well as the movie is ambiguous. It's done well according to the novel but somewhat irritating to today's life. <br /> <br /> Permanent hero Gilbert was certainly holy to cope with his lady's changing and often mysterious behavior and persistent self-positioning and be so consistently supportive. So I felt very bad that when Helen was finally able to go with him freely, the script did not allow him to get a quick hug in a little more than a minute before the titles appeared. It was totally absurd when we waited all the time for that dripping sentiment over a disgusting husband for a decent dialogue and a good embrace between the hero and the hero. Instead, it was as if movie makers did not have time or finances or just could not be bothered. "Here you are - one minute, do what you can in it and then cut because the director wants to go home ..." "I remained feeling completely dissatisfied. However, very high awards for acting Toba Stephens a perfect and very handsome hero, and Taylor Fitzgerald was satisfactory in a script that forced her to be a depressed and rather sanctioned victim for so long. <br /> <br /> It means I love these classic dramas and virtually all of them they are better seen than most of the "modern" drama on TV these days, so 7 stars, because despite the irritation it's still a good watch.
