I first saw this miniseries a few years ago on British television and was immediately enchanted by the story. That surprised me because I'm not a big fan of either Jane Eyre or Wuthering Heights. I consider the heroine of the former to be obvious holes, and the second work as an exaggerated flap. <br /> <br /> "The tenant from Wildfell Hall" as well as the above-mentioned work is also somewhat depressing in parts. The dark parts of the film, however, were compensated by the excitement of Helen's flight, the stunning wild and beautiful Yorkshire landscape, and the sexual magician Toby Stephens. This film successfully depicts the frustrating restrictive lifestyle of all women at the time. At best, they suffered from small domestic tyranny, as shown by the treatment of Markham's women. At the other end of the scale, she is unhappy with Helen, who is married to a wealthy high-wealthy man, but is subjected to brutality and humiliation alternating with long periods of neglect. She escapes and experiences a brief moment of freedom, but as a woman a secret living in a rural community inevitably becomes the object of malicious rumors and speculation. Tara Fitzgerald is great as long - feels Helen Markham. Not only the incredibly beautiful (despite the awkwardly clumsy hairstyle) with the most amazing cheekbones, she is more than able to play the lead role in the movie. Tara is dignified and distant and at the same time allows us to see that Helen is still dangerously vulnerable. Rupert Graves is a foolish, yet curious, arthur huntingdon - after seeing him, I've never imagined that another actor plays this part. Pam Ferris deserves special mention of Gilbert's impolite mother role as well as the actress who played his sister Rose, and Simon Carter, who is an irreplaceable vicar with a taste for good things in life. Finally, I could watch this film only for Toby Stephens; he is so handsome, harsh, sexy, sensitive (but not furiously sentimental). I'm not sure he's a good actor because my hormones are preventing me from objectively judging him! If the film is an error, it's the use of flashbacks that I felt, the flow of the story and it made it slightly confusing. The other people who were watching this movie had problems with it, and I found out that I had to explain to them that some scenes are in fact retrospective. I am extremely grateful for the people responsible for making this film. Not only did I make a video (a rare occurrence) but led me to buy the great novel Anne Bronte. Of course, this was better than a movie, but only a narrow edge. I recommend that someone be interested in the film and then read the book in that order. <br /> <br />
