"Creep" is a new horror movie that will surely please many fans of the genre simply because it's so bad and ruthless! It has many real shocking moments, many repulsive gore sequences and rare claustrophobic tensions. What it does not have is logic and a solid conspiracy, but to tell you the truth, it did not bother me for one second. When end credits go back, there are still many unanswered questions that we can think of that the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seemed to prefer to concentrate fully on tension and adrenaline rushing instead of long, soporistic speeches and theories, could explain the existence of "creep" at the London Underground. The story unfolds from the young and noble Kate, who leaves her own to meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to introduce her new film. She slept in the subway, missing the last train, and she found herself trapped in the underground subway. Things really get frightened when they hit a crazy fool who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnap people to experiment. Even experienced homeless, security guards or sewer workers can not save her from this nasty monster! I really kicked a creep-character! It's nasty, nasty and primitive, but strangely fascinating. Christopher Smith leaves us with traces and hints, and it's only up to the viewer to estimate the origin of this background and background. I guess this is not very original and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than going over the top altogether, "Jeepers Creepers" -style this movie also became great , but once the identity of the crawler was clear, it turned out to have changed into an average horror effort. The obvious aspect of love is the horrible gore! There are some heavy butchers in this movie, and makeup, as well as sound effects, are very convincing. The ominous setting of an abandoned metro at night in London is being used effectively. There is also an actor-talent present in this film, with Run Lola Run returning to graphic horror almost five years after the cold German film "Anatomy". Creep is amazing fun when you're in a low mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely the director I'm going to watch. Make sure you do not have to take the metro directly after watching this movie ...
