That's a good little shock; not perfect in any section of imagination, but close, competent and disturbing. A great example of a simple idea has evolved into a compelling 90-minute script. <br /> <br /> Setting does not require any bells and whistles, no lengthy show or narrative story; Kate (Frank Pontente), a young German business woman who lives in London, dares to wait for the last train. She wakes up to find her place abandoned, but she quickly realizes she is not alone. Someone or something is there with her, and his intentions are totally detrimental. In fact, she encounters several other characters in her endeavor to survive, including a crazy co-worker, a homeless person and a cage sewer, all adding to that pace and content. There's a little bit of a bit of gearing somewhere in the middle of the movie when the thriller's tension changes into a gore fest, but nothing so clumsy to slow down the hectic pace. For those of you who have weak disposition, it's probably a horrible ride; For those of you who enjoy some well-done body chaos, it should push all the right buttons. The culmination of the film is perhaps less successful than the main body of the film, but it is interrupted with a nice moment of unexpected social commentary that provides a satisfactory conclusion. Some may feel a little cheated out of a clear explanation as to the exact nature and history of the threat that Kate and her classmates meet, but it was not for me. The horror writer should not feel that every day has to be touched and crossed by everyone, the same way one would expect the writer of political thrillers. There are plenty of seizures to give you a very clear idea of ​​what this evil has brought, making the detailed and persuasive solution superfluous. Keeping a sense of secrecy is to be welcomed and reminds us that in this film, the journey will always be more important than the exact destination. In my opinion, the budget for this film was minimal, in which case we should be applauded for this British horror much louder, because at no point does one feel that the horns are shortened or failed to deliver. <br /> <br /> If it sounds like your movie, it will probably be. Buy a ticket and climb aboard.
