Emory is a Cincinatti steel worker as his father in front of him and for most of the 20th century are the double pillars of his family's steelworks and union. Mill, which once employed 45,000 people, has recently recorded its number down to 5,000 and now 1 because the plant has just closed the door and left only one guard. Initially, the newly unemployed Emory and his buddies can look forward to their independence, run around the city and kill in their favorite bar, where they are "deeply accused" of ruthless abandonment. They think the mill will reopen after listening to the optimistic interview of their unionists, but the reality will start falling when they find themselves in the market for their cars to fight for food to stand and prevent home closures. Emory's father, a devoted trade unionist, is convinced that the race will open again and reminds his son of all short-term closures during his 35 years in the mill. Meanwhile, some unemployed men take degrading work at the workplace, or they are guys in their trucks and go out on a desperate job search. <br /> <br /> Finally, the Union admits its helplessness as Emory explains to his stubborn father that the times have changed and that the mill will never open again. Emory patiently asks, "What have I done wrong?" as a lifetime of hard work and devotion to work, unification, church and family have left him with nothing and never turn around. He attacks the rock bottom when in drunken anger manhandles his young sons and knocks his wife on the floor. He got out of his own home and froze from the business manager's comment that he and his men did not work enough to justify their substantial payouts, Emory recruited the steel workers who were still in the city to do something to show to all they were capable of. Early in the morning, they penetrate the mill, ignite the furnaces and work much harder than if they were alive, producing in one shift enough high-quality steel pipes that fill the docks from wall to wall, from top to bottom - something the plant manager thought was impossible. Arriving at the suddenly re-opened factory, the ugly manager looks around him with a huge output that comes from a single day when he realizes that such a production can regain the plant. The manager asks Emory, "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "And what did you try to prove?" Emory explains that the working decade of hard work, honesty and devotion to their job makes sense and that by showing how much they could produce in one day "We just spit in the eye." Emory will say good-bye to his wife and children when he goes out to look for work south and promises to relocate a family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This is a strong and honest treatment of the situation of American laborers who are shifted by foreign competitors and gives a realistic view of the cost of the shortsightedness of the concessionaire unions and greedy plant owners that have been exhausted from the headquarters of every penny, but they have never been able to modernize them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his brother, Pamela Reed as Emory's compassionate wife, and John Doucette as his dying father, excel in this wonderful film.
