Oh, McBain? The character's name is immortal and always mocked "The Simpsons," but will it always be? for me personally, at least? to remain the name and title of the extremely entertaining and inaccessibly violent early 90s; driven by a cool friend who brought us "The Exterminator" and played two of the most badass B-movie heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute little mock horse). I think that "McBain" will be widely labeled as a pleasure because there is no way I can convince anyone that it is an intellectual film. The film is inconceivably absurd (most action heroes on a small gangster obedience, McBain takes over the whole country) and yet get too taken seriously. The script is a continuous and incoherent spitfire with cliché situations, meaningless interventions, mandatory sentimental interludes, grotesque action sequences, and utterly unlikely character drawings. It's a completely delirious movie; I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnamese POW McBain's life rescues classmate Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them holds a half-dollar bill as a symbol that McBain is in Santos's debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a lively rebel who heads the revolution against the corrupt president of his home country Columbia. Santos's initial attempt to take power has failed and is publicly executed on the El Presidente balcony. His sister travels to New York with a dollar bill and turns to McBain for financial help and labor. McBain and his former Vietnamese comrades who happened to be injured in injustice in this world collapsed into a miserable small plane and flew to Colombia to open a gigantic can. <br /> <br /> Well, you should not be fooled here. The fact that you are reading a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you are interested in low-budget B-movie events. One of my colleagues spent a lot of time writing a list of all the main stupidity and unsettling moments "McBain". This list is absolutely accurate and I can agree with it. Damn, I can even add some senseless sequences to this list (such as the absurd and unnecessary heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who has no affinity for the mission and the rest of the McBain group), but what's the point? You certainly know that you do not expect a 100% cohesive and credible work. We know in advance that it will be a stupid and overly flashy movie, and maybe that's the reason why we want to check it out! This is a terribly unpleasant and exciting film about how some Vietnamese comrades become mercenaries and declare the war against the corrupt Colombian president and the national anti-drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular movie relies on ruff n 'tuff acting performances macho leads, plenty of explosions and gunfights and ?? last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings the "Brothers in Arms" cover.
