When I first heard about the title, I thought about "The Simpsons," just like so many other reviewers, but when I saw the cast, I was absolutely amazed that it would really be such great actors! First of all, we have Christopher Walken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction) who plays the title character, McBain. He is rescued from a prison camp in Vietnam by some of his friends, including Santos (Chick Vennera, Yanks), who divides the McBain freewill account (Vietnamese soldiers are obviously cash) and tells him he can return his favor if he got into trouble. Then 18 years later Santos and his sister Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, The Running Man, Predator 2) joined the rebels in Colombia trying to get rid of their evil dictator El Presidente (Victor Argo, Taxi Driver, King of New York) and when Santos does not help , Christina will help McBain. <br /> <br /> Then McBain asks his good Vietnamese friends to help him. First is the handsome Negro, Eastland, played by Steve James "American Ninja," which was also in James Glickenhaus's previous movie "The Exterminator," where the real name of the exterminator was also Eastland, a coincidence? I think not. There are also many other links to the Exterminator, among other things, most notable is that McBain himself wears a welder mask when Christina sees him for the first time when he works on welding-work on the top of a bridge! <br /> <br /> Other Vietnamese players are: A wealthy man who can afford the equipment of the Frank Bruce team (Michael Ironside, Total Recall, Starship Troopers) and then there is a doctor, Dalton (played by Jay Patterson, who does not look like the guy that IMDb joins and I did not see him in other movies, so who knows) and, last but not least, Gill's policeman, who has enough of his unsatisfactory work, played Thomas G. Waites, who some of Warriors and The Thing could remember. And in other big roles, we find Luise Guzmán (Boogie Nights, Carlit's Way) as a small drug dealer who can not get a decent job. Dick Boccelli is also a drug dealer who hung up on a crane on McBain's roof, almost exactly the same way he hung it over the John Eastland EXTERMINATOR-film brass machine! Now I have not seen Glickenhaus "Shakedown / Blue Jean Cop" but I'm almost ready to bet on a half-dollar bill that Boccelli will also hang on to this movie! <br /> <br /> Well, back to the conspiracy of this movie .. they go to Colombia and save the day, yay! But who's interested in the plot anyway, the cast is great and the action scenes are very well done and you're never bored watching this movie! We highly recommend to all lovers of the event!
