First, an explanation: Despite my title, I give this film only 8 stars, because overall it is not one of the best movies ever shot. All the critics recorded here have valid points. Also be warned that in order to enjoy the script you must really appreciate the shine of Neil Simon with finding a joke in the real human scam. He has a distinctly New York ear for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, loving sarcasm - and if you have trouble receiving sarcasm as a love expression, then you might have trouble receiving optimism at the heart of this movie. <br /> <br /> So much for warning. Here is my main idea: Walter Matthau is perfect in this movie, even out of perfect. I have never seen him entertainer or touching more - because at the same time it shows us how the joy of this character refuses to give up its big stars of self-knowledge or unbearable attitudes, even if its cohesion is in decline, it also shows us a more vulnerable person, maybe even a heart painfully terrified. And it just barely shows us a sad part - it's enough to really get to you if you are dealing with the mental decline of your own father or husband (I will mention it as a warning), but artistically enough for me to have this character got the most prominent deep roots I've ever seen in any film shows. This is beyond the method of acting - Matthau's performance is excellent as a character work and pure joy as a comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of comic acting. Richard Benjamin: Personally, it seems to me that his acting is generally unpleasant, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some great moments here. ("The chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So if you like it, you should love it here and if you do not change this movie. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unhappy that he was against Nicholson in The Magic Nest that year. It was a murderous year for a leading actor competition; if there were only Oscars for comedy and drama, then I thought the Oscars as Best Actor would go to Al Pacino for "Dog's Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to make Jack a great job like McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were each clearly masterful and tremendously efficient and clearly legendary in his performances than Nicholson was that year. I also think that Burns got support for the Oscar for more sentimental reasons than the quality of his performance - I think he was good in this movie but he was not good. (Burns is fine, but the obvious return to the show biz has Brid Douriff's brilliant debut in "The Magic Nest", not to mention the impressive debut of Chris Sarandon in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I believe proves my theory.) <br /> < Oscar Theories Aside, Here's My Bottom Line: If you like Matthau's comic acting then look at this movie and enjoy his tyrades and gorgeous gestures inspired by grandmother, facial expressions of the face and seemingly unclassified. (But if you are currently dealing with the pain of watching an old man lose his hand then it should be noted that this film could be either the comical relief you need or the dose of reality that is too painful to look at Now.)
