For the first time I read the wonderful novel Pearl S Bucka in my 9th grade class, and I enjoyed every exciting page. It was almost inevitable that Hollywood would understand it, and given that it was made in 1937, the results are excellent. Some things have to be taken: in 1937, the cast of Asian actors was not a big Hollywood movie. In this way, the end product is more interesting than if they were able to use a more authentic cast. With this hurdle to overcome, executive producer Irving Thalberg and director Sidney Franklin (among others) have encountered the problem of manually choosing a great and stellar cast. Paul Muni plays Wang Lung. Muni was at the height of his powers as an actor and could almost play everything he thinks. Once you get around makeup (it's good, but no one really likes it for a Chinese man), its performance has all the verisimility of your best work. Then there's Luise Rainer. Oscar winning last year for her performance at The Great ZieGFELD, the actress of the Viennese actress was on the rise, and she was given the plush role of O-lan despite her lack of experience in Hollywood. Her performance won the Oscar for the second time, the first time in the history that has happened. <br /> <br /> Many critics have dealt with Rainer's performance and her Oscar won here. It was called wood and one note. This is a small grain of truth. However, that is to say, all you have to do is go back to the book. For Rainer, though not Chinese, he played O-lan almost as much as Buck wrote; it's really a great performance and one of the best transmissions from a book on a screen I've ever witnessed. As for the rest of the cast, this was MGM. At that time, they had the largest list of stars and character actors in Hollywood and a great budget to pay for the best, and eventually got the best. The film softens the marriage of Wang Lung O-lan a bit. In the novel of wealth, there are desires for the body and he insists on the concubine, a movement that destroys his wife, but her feelings as a mere woman do not concern him. In the film, a related Wang Lung returns his wife to his deadly bed two pearls he has taken from his years earlier, and realizes that it is her true love. <br /> <br /> But that's Hollywood. In view of the obstacles they stood, the film could open itself to laughter. But despite the apparent shortage of real Asians in the cast, this film surpassed the passage of seventy-three years. In fact, the most amazing thing about this movie is how good it is, it could be a disaster.
