What Irving Thalberg did when he made this film today will never try again. Doing a Chinese story with Western players, even though they are in the paradise of Paul Muni, Luis Rainer, Charley Grapewin and Walter Connolly. Perhaps this is partly because the story was written by the West, Pearl Buck, who won the Pulitzer Prize for her novel in 1932. Ms. Buck, the daughter of Chinese missionaries, probably brought China closer to America's consciousness than any other person. Not China's political struggle, but the lives and harassment of everyday people we find in Good Earth. Unfortunately, later, Pearl Buck became Chiang Kai-Shek's apologist for China's Kuomintang in all his virtues and excesses. The rest of her literary output never corresponded to Good Earth. The Sundowners is a great description of the comparison of China with Australia, Peter Ustinov. Asked about the difference, Ustinov said China is very large and very full, and Australia was very large and very empty. That's what you see in Good Earth, in China, very big and full of people, more than it can ever do. Good Earth tells the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni), a young man who buys a wife from a large house where he was a slave. The woman of O-Lan (Luise Rainer) carries her two sons and sees him in all the good times and bad ones they have, drought, hunger, revolution and climatic grasshoppers. Luise Rainer won the second of two consecutive Oscars for O-Lan. Perhaps she has set a record that she must be the lead Oscar player with the least amount of dialogue. Everything she does practically happens with a facial expression, her performance could be on a silent film with very small captions. I think only John Mills in Ryan's daughter had fewer words and played a mentally retarded man. Muni is not always grateful for how supportive he is in a man-driven culture. Rainer assists in the field, carries and educates children, doing homework. When Muni becomes property, he takes another Chinese trophy that will cause him a lot of sadness. Rainer still carries everything. Still Muni is not a bad man, and it's a tribute to the film and his acting and Buck's writing that you hate him and the cultural gap is over. <br /> <br /> We now have a group of Oriental players who do more than just Kung Fu movies. I am surprised that the Good Earth of all the films has not been transformed at this time. I bet the Chinese government will let an American firm do it in a real place. Until then we have to appreciate this great classic and enjoy it.
