This movie was badly received and badly reviewed. Rebeka West's book was written in 1918, soon after the First World War, when shock shock and trauma-induced amnesia were not cliches, as evaluators say many books and films later. It is difficult to come back in time and live as the characters lived, the realities of the times: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war on the use of lethal gas, the British class system which the wife considered to be a very important, hopeless spinster and a loving lover still seen with the eyes of love just as young and beautiful as it was 20 years ago. Alan Bates as an amnesty soldier who "dies" if he can not see Margaret, the girl of his young dreams, builds on devotion his character showed in "Far from the crazy crowd". When we see this performance, it is possible to feel his strong romantic affection for a girl who has not met the expectations of the family and society. Margaret says, "We were quarreling, and when you were crazy, you turned away from me." So we know that the gauge was something that encouraged him to make shame, but that he forgot his shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I did not see all of his films, but in those I saw, he brought a strong masculinity, which even shines like a disabled soldier in this role. Ann-Margaret initially, and felt her performance was underestimated. When I did not read a book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of a border incest between Jenny and Chris, but Jenny claims to be "a cousin". As Kitty keeps Jenny in a baby room in a hair scene, the fact that Kitty says he always wakes her hair in that room seems to Kitty a much more way to keep the hot coals hot than the orientation of the room on the sun or the feeling of lost a child, and a statement she realized she wanted Chris not to feel the need to keep the room just as if the child was alive, made her seem hostile to a child's memory. Also, Jenny is shown as living in a house in a subordinate role as a high society would make to a fallen member at the time. Recently, she was the recipient of an intense fantasy of a lover (non-sexual retention of time) 50 years ago I could refer to Margaret and her husband's dilemma. I was also put aside because I was not good enough for my family and when I re-emerged through the Internet I was burdened by helping him deal with his even very frightening experiences from Vietnam and marrying a woman over his which he did not believe that he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very reasonable, but the tension was very real. The lover finally managed to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy that he loves me only. I thought it was a good decision to show very little of how he was experiencing a war experience in Chris's mind again. I've been thinking about "Mrs. Dalloway" with a WWI soldier who is a very violent recollector and commit suicide compared to Chris's joy in his fanciful Margaret. On the other hand, it seems that the action of a soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" is overcrowded. It turned out that the psychiatrist understood very little about what was happening with Chris, highlighting what a major problem he had with the whole group. It seems that everyone will get their lives back, but was it the right choice?
