just saw this wonderful film, 1982 Return of the Soldier, based on Rebeka West's novel. His 16-year-old captain, shocked by shock and not even told his wife, returned to British soil but stayed in a hospital in London. He lost his memory and is a boy again, with a lingering jingle for lovers of the lower class he's been watching 25 years earlier. It's a fine story. It takes a long time for the reader to find out that his wife is an unbearable and ambitious company who wants to return to society. Being with them is his cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry's soldier as they grew up as a teammate, but settled in a spinsterry. The lower class woman played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. It is SHE who is informed that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife Kitty is shocked when Mrs. Gray tells her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she asked, was this woman sent by a telegraph about Chris rather than her? Chris completely forgot Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Now Margaret marries him reluctantly, but then he continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary luck with Margaret will disappear if he "cures" him. Jenny realizes how Kitty is empty for Chris and makes a secret loving alliance over Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Later in the movie, Kitty reveals that Chris and her had a boy who died five years ago. Tell Chris, he appreciates Shrink, he will definitely return it to normal. But is that a good idea? Chris, hardly realizing that he and Kitty are sometimes married, he does not realize his child and the death of a child. A psychiatrist, just learning a child, believes Chris will restore such knowledge. Jenny and Margaret have Chris all for themselves because Kitty believes she pretends and refuses to accept Chris's disease when he returns to his 1940s. The film leaves much to be seen about what to do with Chris. But Jenny and Margaret, in a perfectly maintained bedroom of a child - Kitty too in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they think is necessary to do with Chris from their different views. Margaret is critical here because she married again to Chris, even though she married. Jenny's social significance, Jenny believes, will be jeopardized if Chris does not happen. It does not do it to Margaret. Margaret decides that in the future Chris can not keep his imagination in time but must return to real life. While Kitty and Jenny look out the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris and tells him about his lost son. The head of the war victim drops, his shoulders bending, and he looks away. They walk towards the house. Fin has read some criticism of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The film is never entirely clear who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. It would be more exciting if she were her sister. Criticism does not even show it. I'm sure West assures in her novel that Jenny is her cousin and not her sister. The West is not Henry Miller, or Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father as an adult to be with him and for having bothered her as a child) I was considering reading, but then I opted. Rebecca's author needs to restore Chris too. She also has a forward head in her company, her novel first screams but eventually embraces her.
