"The Shop around the Corner (1940)" is a nice romantic comedy, not the one I'm going to do until the end of my days, but a movie that deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch took a long time to Hollywood with a storm and his famous "Lubitsch touch" became an effervescent trademark. This movie was scheduled to be released in 1939, but the planning of the conflicts meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing one of his major stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production while in the meantime he managed Greta Garbo in Ninotchka (1939). When it was finally completed, 'The Shop Around the Corner' seems to have met with relative indifference, it has received a zero Oscar nomination despite the excellent screenplay of Samson Raphaelson and excellent performances from its two leaders and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time, however, betrayed the massive and lasting influence of the film, with high-profile remakes including "Good old summer (1949)" and "You Got Mail (1998)." <br /> <br /> Its surface could be assumed to be "The Shop around the corner" is just a story of two lovers Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart) who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film is much deeper than that. It's a story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and a variety of human relationships that make a business so close to family. When businessman Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect his oldest employee that he has a relationship with his wife, we see the breakdown of two families at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why this story should not be set in the United States? maybe in the vicious streets of New York? but Lubitsch deliberately recapitulated the passions and memories of his former years in Europe, the curiosity of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every threshold. Does this fine subtext bring a more meaningful and personal impression to the film? in fact, even when I write this review, I begin to appreciate the story even more. Sullavan and Stewart are both beautiful in their respective roles, but I think it's a supporting cast that really makes the film. Each character brings a personality into the mix and their interactions are always believable and enjoyable. I particularly liked Lubitsch knowingly directing most of our sympathy to Hugo Matuschek, who would confine himself in any other film to an underdeveloped two-dimensional idea. Matuschek may have lost his love for his family, but he has relocated it in the love of his staff, and you feel the heartbeat when he finds a companion in a young boy (Charles Smith) in the cold winter snowstorm on Christmas Eve. This true warmth to the supportive personality seems to me to be similar to some of Billy Wilder's later production, such as Boom Boom Jackson in "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti!" (1972) "Of course it does not really have to say Billy Wilder learned from the best.
