Much about love and life can be learned from watching people on OBUVU WHEEL. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch won another silent triumph for his credit with this beautiful film. With a great dialogue (courtesy of his long-time co-worker Samson Raphaelson) and amazing performances from the occupation of highly talented artists, he has created a really unforgettable film. He always believed he was playing on the intelligence of his audience and preferred sophistication over the slapstick, the director made scintillating cinematographic singing, which was enchanted by the dirty, mysterious quality known as the "touch of Lubitsch." <br /> <br /> Although the story takes place in Budapest (and there are lots of accents among the players), it has no effect. The beautiful simplicity of the plot lies in the fact that any large American city or small town could be an easy place for action. Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullavan are great as romantic lovers and then with each other - without knowing it. Their dialogue - so elaborately designed to look completely natural - perfectly brings their confusion and quiet despair as they seek out mental friends. This is one of the classic love stories of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Cherubic Frank Morgan has a more serious role than usual, a man whose transient meaning in his little world is broken when he finds himself a chef. A perfect script, it does not allow any emotions to escape the unlearned. In addition, Morgan gives the movie its happiest moments - to the end - when it finds out that the youngest employee of his business, poor youth, has a remarkable Christmas Eve. Joseph Schildkraut adds another vivid portrayal to his list of portraits, this time that the dull, sycophantic Lothario, who deserves the punishment that eventually compensated him. Gentle Felix Bressart has his best film role as a family man who really can not afford to engage in business intrigue but still remains a natural friend to Stewart. Sara Haden loves the small role of a business clerk. William Tracy is cheerful as an ambitious boy who uses unpredictable developments to leverage his sales force. In small roles, Charles Halton plays an unhealthy detective, and Edwin Maxwell seems like a pompous doctor. Film moms will recognize Mary Carr and Mabel Colcord - both incomparably - in their one scene as Granny Sullavan's grandmother and aunt.
