"Prix de Beaute" always suffers when compared to two films by Louise Brooks, directed by GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "The Lost Girl's Diary," but in some ways "Prix" is an essential film by Brooks. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her Pabst collaboration. What the "Prix" has that Pabst movies do not have is music. In this early French film, all of Louis Brooks's mystic is strongly supplemented by a combination of paintings, songs and music. Charleston is the one who most closely associates with Brooks (she was the first to dance her in Europe), but the essence of the actress is more in tango. Tango also plays a feature spot in the "Prix," which is the music she danced with on her short ascension to the star after she became Miss Europe. Later, when she left her glory in favor of secular existence as the wife of a jealous husband Andre, the desire for her abandoned glory appears when the same tango record is seen in her apartment. So it's good for the Brooks tango used to accompany Shirley Maclaine's documentary film about Looking for Lulu's life. The fearless and strong quality of the tango represents Louise Brooks's distinctive but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds a tremendous amount of pathos to what is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, Brooks's voice was not for Edith Piaf, as some said. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. But the song is what Brooks's character Lucienne sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to excite him and express his deep affection. And at the top it's a song she sings for her screen test, with the producers and managers who are planning to shape their career. He continues on the screen after husband Andre, who followed her into the closet, shot and killed her. In one shot with Lucinen's dead body resting on the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues upwards with the song she once sang to Andre, the essence of what movies do that other artistic forms are not perfectly characterized. As Andre sees his now dead woman singing on the screen, the killer still smokes, smiles gently. Now is his forever and our association ours. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks's real career disintegrated and burnt after "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her final star role. This movie really conceals Brooks' minds more than Pabst movies (which are undoubtedly excellent movies). It also highlights what movies are about to create a whole picture of the "cult" of movies - where people alongside Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after death than when they were alive.
