The story of obsessive love was pushed to its borders and a beautiful swan, whose beauty is the ticket itself to its premature death. At the beginning of the screening, PRIX DE BEAUTE goes through a thin line in that it is full of silent film - which is still in the heart - and flirts with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit irritating to anyone who came to this movie because the recorded sound is very thin and just does not help. The conversation with the soundtrack, edited in the initial sequel that takes place on the beach, is, for example, a part of the film as an actress who puts Louise Brooks in the forefront of dialogue, and it does so to deceive the audience of a good performance. In addition, the film is filming pretty well, with little jumps in the context here and there - something quite common in movies from this era - and it has the vague excitement that is typical of the silence. This is an experiment from the film and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in a visual presentation and close intimate details that raise him from a level that would be for pedestrians. Louise Brooks plays characters less hairy than what she knows: she is a stenographer who decides to enter the beauty contest on a puppet despite the furious opposition of her very unpleasant boyfriend. Her role is fairly thirty and contemporary for her time; the last of the roles of the flapper / Jazz Baby were shown on the screen and now, with the advent of female independence, women as professionals were represented in the film. The fact that Brooks' character decides to leave his friend (even if he later agrees with him) is also a bit premature. However, her character is a fatal error willing to believe what is not there - that her boyfriend wants to succeed - and that is what leads to her end at the movies. This final sequence looks like something from Hitchcock in increased excitement (seen in WEDDING WHAT YOU KNOW MORE) and cut off Brooks, her screen image and murderous boyfriend. Even more dramatic is the location of the ever-singing "live" Brooks with a now dead-cold effect on a cool, powerful film.
