We saw a silent version of this movie and it's simply glitteringly beautiful. It is hard to see how the sound version could be created because it is shot in a purely silent technique, with long, unthinking scenes of narration without a single interlude - except for a few disturbing sequences when Louise Brooks plays the French scribe clearly in English ... The only part that is the last scene where Brooks watches ruptures for his "soundtrack" test: shots that play constantly in the background when the action unfolds, her mouth moving in a constant, silent song. I was not surprised that I later learned that this passage alone in the Talkie was celebrated as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its introductory scene and the fabulous inevitability of what follows, the film reminds you of a dream. Like the "movie of Louise Brooks," it was not what I expected, whether from her Hollywood comedies or German melodrams GWPabst: I found that the idiom is smoother and funnier than any one, and Brooks is another creator, the laugh of a young animal, rather than a vampire or a manipulated doll. But what gives this film more depth than it first appears is the unexpected second half; repelled by the rich parasites that collapsed around her beauty, the princess of the poor came back to the rattlesnake with her humble-born true love ... and the story could well be over. But the fairy tale becomes a tragedy. The little lover Grabovsky, believing in his ability to manipulate that woman, is still too right in his foresight - young lovers can not happily enjoy each other - and André, ironically, was right not to trust the social influence of beauty contests: Lucienne despairs the desperate routine of married life, while her husband is wildly reminded of the whole affair. If it were a simple case of an improper marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "East". But if so, exhibition shows and scenes will create a distorted mirror image of joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but alienating the nightmare. And the following dawn does not bring a miraculous reunion, but an empty bed and an abandoned home. He left the letter to say he loved him and he would always love him. Lucienne will disappear from Andrew's life in an effort of clarity and freedom. and this time he never returns. Gossip columns confirm Andrei's worst conviction as he learns of his wife's residence through reports linking her name to Grab. When a young worker finally penetrates into the rich shrine of the closet, it is with a stretched pistol - he glances at the sight of his opponent's courtyard and laughs Lucienne laughing, the same woman who promised her infallible affection left him. She kills her, but even if she kills, live a live picture on the screen, Lucienne in his glory, as he has never seen her. Both women are built in an infinitely strong moment, while André is seen, grasped, rude, and pulled away: the dying girl and her singing that are still screened unconsciously stuck in time to celluloid eternity and played unconscious of life or death or love beneath her ... The main living element in the film is the character of André's coworker Antonin, who seems to have no other role than to be his licensed butt of contempt for contemporaries. He is a ugly man who can never get a girl, a clumsy woman who has frightened and suffered in sinks and work and must have everything with an indefinable smile in the unsuccessful hope of social acceptance: a typical product of bullying more gifted and popular, in other words, but the viewers are clearly encouraged to laugh with their torturers. If the intention is not to expose the protagonists to a darker side (for which I do not see any sign), it seems that this character only exists as a comic relief, but comic relief with a distinctly ugly edge. When we know him only as a nasty Peeping Tom by the water, it is easy to laugh, though the revenge of others looks a bit upward; when we find out that this is not a chance, he meets a stranger, but with his colleague André and a regular assistant, the ongoing attacks will quickly cease to be very entertaining. But these are the pictures that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
