Louise Brooks gives a wonderful performance in this great French melodrama. He plays a scribe named Lucienne, who, even though he is in love with a man named Andre, dreams of rising above his position in life. She sees an opportunity in a beauty contest for Miss Europe, but Andre is furious when she finds herself in, and then demands that she withdraw. She is trying to withdraw her entry just to find she is already selected as Miss France and will now be the main competitor. It's a story of love, loss and decision, a passionate ending. The film is very energetically filmed by director Auguste Genina and cinematographers Rudolf Matt and Louis Nee. Film style is more like modern films than Hollywood films from the 1930s and shows a different style used by Europeans. There are many quick cuts and travel shots, mostly done with great skill and warmth. The high energy of the first third of the movie gets a little smaller, but it rises in the last 15 minutes. <br /> <br /> The performance was very good with all major players, but Louise Brooks is particularly memorable. Louise is heavily leaning on her quiet screen skills, even though it's a talkie, but because her silent style has a surprisingly modern, understated feel, she makes the transition to the talkie very well. The long early scene at the fair was particularly palpable as Louise used her distinctly distinctive eyes to tell how the growing feelings of misery and theft are trapped in a life she no longer wants. I doubt it has ever happened better. The film is based on an excellent finale, artificially shot, powerful and stylish. These are really some of the best things in the first films. And the tragic story just underlines the greater tragedy that this is the ultimate lead role of Louise Brooks. It was not just a great beauty that looked fantastic in her swimsuit, she was a really talented actress who basically threw everything away. We are all poorer for it. <br /> <br /> This film is less well known than her German films with G.W. Pabst, but I think it's better. I think this crew is better off than Pabst, and while Prix de Beaute may lack the deep moral complexity of the Pabst movies, it's much easier to watch and is overall more effective and focused. And it does not hurt Louise's singing parts do Edith Piaf, one. Bottom line, this is the classic movie Louise Brooks well worth looking for.
