I'm quite a fan of Mitchell Leisen, so it was a great expectation that I was renting this movie, but the print I got was very bad, so worn out and burned with a seemingly irreparable movie was so dark. So dark that in certain scenarios that are in the movie in the dark you can not see one thing. I think I have the same opinion as the first review of this movie. It starts off unusually and does not get rid of the rhythms of your typical Hollywood movie 30. Shit, not even your typical Hollywood movie of any era. It seems that the director has been influenced by Europeans since he has encountered a certain glowing realism from the initial cut that is created in motion and the location of the camera, such as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray). You expect to sing singing "Make Sure" from Show boat.It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in one scene scene where he speaks, neither the word English gets slapped around Freddie. Runners are a boom that does not care about being a bum. That is why he enters the army, where he can hide from the world. He has just been released and a series of scenarios is scheduled for his ship to New York. This is when the movie jumps to a high gear and begins to get into the entire sixties vibration movie in France. The scenes are so well played by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gets a pulse. MacMurray is also good when he and Lombard sink each other while enjoying his trumpet talent. Then comes a temptress in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with land. The movie has a fantastic assembly sequence that dazzles me. They are very good. And Lombard records a home game in this movie, but in the second half Freddie is called a little more and does not deliver the goods. With a heavy melodramatic end and an actor you do not believe, the film is short, but because it's not your typical film in structure, design, and direction. It's worth seeing. For what was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. I do not know his exact position.
