I first came across this movie when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that over the years I have watched many of my films and I found his best work really good. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW was supposed to be one of his best. While it did not happen to me, it did not affect me like HOLD BACK THE DAWN, GO TO YOUR HOLIDAYS, KITTS or even GOLD INSTRUMENTS. I suspect it just starts too long before I like it. <br /> <br /> Work at Paramount Leisin had a problem in the movies he did that were musicals. Most of the points he worked with were relatively poor. It is true that in their films two standards appeared, but they were really rare cases: "Cocktails for Two" appeared in THOUGHTS IN VANITES and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the score for MURDER AT VANITY was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only song in CAPTAIN CAREY. That should not be the case - Leisin's studio had for Rogers and Map in the early 1930s. Why could not a project be assigned to them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW, is nice but unforgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered around the world of entertainment, because Fred Macmurray shows a talented trumpeter a great talent (even Carole Lombard works in his dealings by hitting his hands with a trumpet). A song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover plays it is important for the story. It works in the movie, but it would be better if the song was more memorable. The film is a Pikov style - starting with the ocean line Lombard is working on as a manicure. He is constantly being chanted by Franklin Pangborn (barber). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier approaching briefly. Their first scene together has a nice Leisin touch: MacMurray speaks with Lombard, she aboard the ship and he on the edge of the castle wall. A nice way to keep the action while the dialog box hits the boring bit. The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpeter, but meets with "another woman" in the film Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film deal with the breakup of the relationship with Lombard and his collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and the need for alcohol is very unusual for MacMurray's character - even his darker figures such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or the naval officer who pushes Caine Mutiny relying on alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good as a woman she loved but Macmurray was damaged. she is in it but it stands out for her attempt to get MacMurray back on the car again. In his opening Pangborn bit is in Rarely spotted in films, a small part of actor Carl Judels is effective as a true weather fan / friend MacMurray, who (Charles Butterworth) is as trivial in the movie as usual, but has only one moment when he is seemingly looking at his hands keyboard piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red facial appearance is caused by embarrassment of lies that MacMurray insists that it's true, it was a nice, delicate moment, if only his subtlety was in his acting rather than his moments of delightful humor.
