Neil Simon is an ODD CUPLE set model for many of his later games. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were inappropriately paired with their roommates in the original, the ex-girlfriends were clean and clean, the other was dirty and loose. In the nineties, Simon would have (less successfully) rewritten the game as NEW CUPLE, with female roommates. He made a mixed couple (woman with daughter and man) in girl girls. In 1973 he also made another hit with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit where Jack Alberson and Sam Levine starred as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, aged half of the Vaudevillians retirees. Here the problem of "flat" is reduced to the cooperation of two men who can not stand up. The 1976 film starred Walter Matthau as Willie and George Burns as Al. In fact, Al probably does not think Willie is totally wrong - Willie is pathological on Al. The first Al had little habits, such as spitting easily when he spoke words beginning with "t" and gently knocking Willie with his index finger on the stage. Secondly, Al left when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get a job in advertising, but Willie can not remember the lines unless they are funny and keep them on flubging. end of the rehearsal for ad. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to come back together on the live scene of his most famous sketch in the American Comedy TV show. Call Alho to see Willie and sparks start flying because neither He does the second (and it's just the rehearsal.) In addition, Willie insists on changes (tiny but throws Al) as they say "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door The initial exam is a failure, but Ben will manage to get to The recording of the show The question is whether he finishes the scene in the finished program or will Willie wring Al neck? The three leads, Matthau, Burns, and Benjamin, doing very well with one-liners, f (for example: "Chest pain. .. I get pain on Uncle Willie's chest every fourth I came here and got into the chest pain! "" So come on Friday! ") Benjamin is trying to show his deep affection for his uncle, though Matthau's rough outer shell makes it harder (only to avoid talking about glory Matthau has a bit better to grasp reality (initially) than Burns, who seems to be senile by he himself repeats - but in fact Matthau's feeling of rejection by the world that once applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly.Burns is not senile - he takes things slowly but seems to be much happier when he accepts his retirement. I call this final "Voyage of Discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark, the old skits because they are gradually realizing that they have more in common than they thought.Also reassuring Willie admits Al can be (for him ) <br /> Burns was not the original choice for part of "Al Lewis" (su nicely Dale team Smith and Dale Benny would have been Benny would probably have done a good job, but bad health made him (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last cast in any movie was SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a narrator) evolved so well that he was awarded the Oscar for Best Actor and had a career in movies in films such as OH GOD in the next decade !; DEAR, WAY; and still in style. He died in 1996 at the age of 100 because he proved to be more than a great man for his wife Gracie Allan.
