We tend to forget that the context of masters and slaves of past centuries has led to more than good structures driven by large groups of enslaved people and a lot of money for white owners. This led to a group of people trapped in the middle - descendants that resulted in slavery that had been interrupted by their slaves. Some of these children became more slaves and the others were free ... but free and colorful, which meant something, but in relation to a lot of their sins. The class around these descendants - the gens de couleur libre or the free people of the color - and this class was able to, to a certain extent, own property, to rise from suffering to education and achieve comparable dignity. This means that they were not slaves, but to a certain extent they were still exploited. Women often lived as mistresses to white plantation owners and wealthy gods who were established in their own homes, with tuition, school fees paid for their children, and a kind of gentility, depending on the respectfulness they chose to impose on their families. In essence, they have endeavored to ensure their own prosperity and relative independence of work - the arrangement called plaçage. The feast of all the saints is a beautifully written story about the children of one of these women, the result of just that arrangement with the local gentleman and the people who touched their lives, both in a negative and a positive way. The story was an opening tool for me, the New Zealander, without a real black / white line, let alone the gray area in the middle, where the gens de couleur libre moved freely. <br /> <br /> The characters are very three-dimensional and have been well-known in this adaptation of the novel by Anne Rice. The parts are well carved, the costumes are the wonderful and brutal way the lines are pulled, while the blurred areas are even more pronounced due to the conflicts the protagonists are going through. Gens de couleur libre could not marry white, slaves could not help, and white, even sympathetic, could not bear the face of the economic reality that the people they relied on did. <br /> <br /> This story, the novel and the miniseries, I recommend to everyone unreservedly. If you can not deal with the truth, you will hide and hide some parts, as one injustice after another is enumerated in those colors, both by their white oppressors and by their own people. Keep in mind that this is no more than reality, and this story is a consummate way to learn about it. I know it may sound unbearable, but this miniseries both entertained me and fascinated me, despite the sour taste I found in my mouth in what was happening, and I enjoyed it. Bach. If you do not read about this period, you can learn from it all.
