The main problem I see with this film is its score, which screams with every note: "It's a cheap movie." There is not much to say here. The score is just saturated. The second problem I consider to be rather difficult, as it involves the plotting of a plot near the end of the film (one of the money if you will) is a dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau) and the sunflower man (Richard Ziman) is the leader of the experiment. During this dialogue, the viewer is very well aware that he is listening to a dialogue about movies. In other words, there is a lack of confidence. The integrity of the believable dialogue between two people is sacrificed because of the greedy zero information that filmmakers want to convey to the audience. The third problem was casting Adrienne Barbeau. Although I sincerely believe that her work is a wonderful actress, I think this part may be too long. The main point of her performance, which did not appear to be an eye, is the spectrum through which the character moves through the film from a loving mother of a family family with a difficult family to a woman almost like Rambo. This aspect of the script would obviously be a section for every actress, and that is why Barbeau can not be too guilty. To the extent that she fully involved in my work, I would call it only a slightly serious problem in the film as a whole. Eventually the film did a great job in the first half of the building creep factor, most notably during its horror flashes. I feel that the film would benefit from more commitment to these flashes as a mechanism that would prevent the creep factor in the second half of the film. So what is my holistic rating of this piece? I give him a solid C + to B-, depending on how many credits you are willing to give to the makers of making this film at a limited budget. Even with two serious and two moderate problems, the film is based on a solid conspiracy of the Jungian side of Nazi mysticism. I do not see any problems with the development of conspiracy or coherence; the dialogue with the above-mentioned exception is absolutely clear in places, especially in all the important scenes between mother and daughter at the beginning of the film; as mentioned, the creep factor was well created if a bit sparkling in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who also associated the production, added a superb performance. Overall, this film is definitely worth seeing - seeing it with the Nazis you love. :)
