I have seen "Miracles Still Happening" at least four times. I have never bothered this fantastic film. From the very beginning, the interest of man is taking place. As the film progresses and crashes the plane, the story becomes very intense when we look at this young girl trying to survive alone and frightened in the Amazon after an airplane accident in which she was the only survivor. The mother's loss in this plane crash makes this film even more dramatic as we see the dangers that this young girl had to endure for ten days in the Amazon. Thinking it really is just unreal and thinking that someone can really survive is insincere when we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wilderness as well as countless insects. As the film progresses, we see the many dangers this girl faces when trying to follow the river in the hope of leading the city. She remembered what her father had told her about how the stream would always lead to the river and then into an even bigger river, and that means eventually leading to the community, this young girl follows a small stream that eventually leads to a huge river in the whole movie. Sometimes he had to swim in dangerous waters, alone, frightened, wounded, always able to continue. At the end of the movie, it was obvious that she would not be able to continue longer because she was not in ten days and had only a drink of water and she was very sick and tired of her dangers. Finally, when she sees the canoe, she realizes that there must be villages and people will find her and they will take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father will come to see her because she feared she was dead along with many other passengers . Such a dramatic film and so hearty that she sees her father's face when she sees his daughter is alive all the time in the Amazon! Such movies are not doing too much these days. I will still see it and know that I will never bother about it! I think this girl is the only survivor of this plane, just uncontested! Also, the fact that only a few very slight injuries were sustained was even more remarkable, while everyone else in this plane perished in a terrible misfortune in the Amazon wildlife. Brilliant film, really great performance and I will be eternally put on and I love to keep looking! I strongly recommend it!
