It was considered "the Swiss answer to Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's not the answer to anything, it's something new in itself, something funny, and sometimes it's stupid and stupid - but was Monty Python different than silly? The beginning immediately makes a statement that this film is a low budget and is not meant to be taken seriously. Cardboard clouds on strings hit the airplane in which the main character sits. But to compensate for the lack of special effects, the landscape is doing a trick. It's absolutely beautiful and amazing - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has everything. <br /> <br /> The film I liked was a simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that came into it. It's not brilliant; but it has some good humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, takes care to see the movie for him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very chaotic, some of them will not understand people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having Uruka Haiho "Urucows"; I loved the scene where Friedo decided to take "Pupsi", a teleobibbie, with him along the way. Very fun is also the scene when Rackaroll, a knight fighting the sword, decides to take his sword - and then breaks it into the wall and breaks it. And there's one scene where the "nazgul-ish" characters make an amazingly comic scene that contains a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea that the ring uses Schleimli, the "Gollum" character to "give" ladies. It was a bit too long. The idea of ​​Mr. Sauraus, who wanted to cover the country with the fondue, was not so brilliant. Original, sure, but not brilliant. But especially I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it was not really necessary. Overall, I recommend watching the movie simply because it's so crazy and totally unpleasant. Do not expect the LotR parody to be "Space Spheres" for star wars. But if you go to the movie, you think it will be a fun evening, with absolutely no ambition, then you will like it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, because it lives in Swiss dialects and also in jokes and actors. Overall: a Swiss crew hat that did it!
