Sarafina was a fun movie and some songs were really great. Sarafina was very fun. Usually I do not like such musical things, but the singing was not as bad as it looked like a box. The film was useful for history, because it was an interesting perspective of the 1976 Soweto uprising. It showed you things from the point of view of the students in rebellion and showed you that they are true figures. Because you have to see them as real characters, you will enjoy them more as an audience and bring them more sympathetic to them, as wholly victims of the white government that you can not sympathize with. The singing of the students is correct because we know from the accounts that students in the revolt sang and danced before they became violent. Sarafina student clothes are very similar to the clothing shown in Soweto's photos. They actually shot the film in Soweto, which is why it looks very accurate in many parts. All these things make the film more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about aparthied. As spectators we must criticize the way in which the history of apartheid was presented. As I have already said, you will become sympathetic to students - making it potentially less reliable and objective. Also change some details from other accounts. In Sarafin it becomes a chaos when a policeman comes to his classroom and shoots students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but it is probably an exaggerated event. Police and the army shot the students, but there is no evidence that they were going to school and practicing such people. The fight was rather on the streets and had looting and crimes. It's happening in the movie probably to make you feel much better for school students. The film would be more useful if it had different information about aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and her mother was working in a white house. But there is no information about the government and why they are doing it, or some details about racist policies and legislation. -By George S, Chris, and Finlay
