This film reminds me of the 42nd street where Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler play. When I was watching this movie, it reminded me of 42nd Street, especially the character of Elois, who is a lively star, and she eventually falls and smashes her ankle like Bebe Daniels has done on 42nd Street, and another artist gets a part and becomes a star. This film, like most racing films, will keep people watching for great entertainment. Racing movies always showed Black Entertainment because it was really popular at the time. Dance styles, music, dress styles, you'll love it. This movie could be great if it was made in Hollywood, it would have better scenery, better filming and more money to make each movie better. But it is worth watching because it is good and Micheaux does good with little what he has. I must say of all the Micheau films, Swing is the best! The film includes singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular today but are forgotten today. Doli Armen, a marvelous female trumpeter who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel blows on a corner in the sky. Sexy, hot female dancer Consuela Harris would leave the shame of Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. Adding more information ... Cora Green's popular blues singer from the 20's and 30's is the focus of the movie, she's Mandy, a good, hard-working woman without a good man who takes the money and spends it on other women. Amanda Randolph's funeral neighbor tells Mandy what she has seen and heard, and Mandy goes down to the club and captures her man with an attractive, crooked woman named Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, the Hot-Cha musician in the 1930s) Then Mandy went to Harlem, where she reunited with a rather guardian Angel Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's films. Lena gives Mandy a homework job and helps her become a star when the courageous Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she plays two parts or maybe changed her stage name) tries to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora leans and breaks his leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for this job and Lena is right and the star was born in Mandy. High, long, distracting, but handsome Carman Newsome is a cold aspirational producer who is also looking for Lena. Nice boy Larry Seymour does not play any good man, but after Lena threatens him, he can stand up. There are some interesting events, but the one that happens to me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) defeats late for the exam and sets off for everyone and then her husband comes and puts her in the jaw, but that's not enough; to fight with Mandy again. Local choirs are choirmasters, dancers, dancers, swing and blues singing. There are even white people looking at the entertainment, thinking about where Micheaux found is even a scene where black and white meet in the club, Micheaux often incorporating black and white in his films, he should be worthy of such courageous movement. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie I really enjoyed and helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best genres of racing film that behind the scenes is the story of the rise and fall of showbusiness. None of these early races may be the best, they can not be compared to the halelujah, the green pasture, the stormy weather, the cabin in the sky, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but their great observation because their early black film stories and also these films black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films allowed the blacks to play people from all social strata, be beautiful, elegant and elegant, and were not just stereotypes or white feelings that black should be portrayed as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses of these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones who could be available at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and other bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white racing filmmakers used their nightclubs in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most of them they were not good actors and actresses, but they were used as an experiment rather than a true talent, just wanted their stories to tell, and in return, many black artists had to act in the movies. For some real actors / actresses, racing movies were the only type of movies that could work, especially if they did not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you can discover real actresses / actresses from nightclub artists. These racing films are very historic, they could be lost forever, many of them were lost, maybe racing films are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies did not have great results at first. I think if the genre of the race continued, it would be better. If you're looking for great acting, most racing movies are not that, but if you're looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should look in movies rather than watch racing movies. There are several fun racing films with good acting cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Harlem Paradise, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken strings, Boy! What a Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracles in Harlem and Sepia Cinderella has not only good fun but also good behavior.
