I am a huge fan of Vonnegut, and I really like this movie, but I do not think it's the "Mother of the Night" movie I read. When people say Vonnegut is powerless, two things appear to me. One of them is that many of his subjects are very close to the ankle or even taboo, despite the accusations that are sometimes used against him to choose relatively "easy" goals for his satire. This means less every day that goes through in terms of filming. Nowadays, directors look like they are reflected in taboo breaking and I have great hopes for the Bluebeard version now in production. It is amazing to think that an innocent piece like Vonnegut's "Siren Titan" would probably be the equivalent of "R" that would be shot when it was released in the 1950s for its violence, language, sexual and thematic content, even though it is the tragedy that no one has ever come up with a filming script. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that a director out there is looking closely at Jailbird, Galapagos and Hocus Pocus. The other thing is his narrative style and a pile of irony irony over irony, but it is still cheerful. It seems impossible to objectify, and it seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great movies of his great novels because small commentaries that stain our response as readers are not possible in movies without resorting to too often clumsy techniques like " ". Vonnegut suggested that the film's version of his work lacks the character, as a writer / narrator. Because of her "champagne breakfast" (movie) she tried to keep a comedy and came a little bit for her pain. Just like another turkey made from the Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" even more spectacular. However, there is nothing wrong with the director's subjective interpretation of Vonneguta, and "Mother's Night" is an excellent example of how another reviewer said a good director could add visual poetry to this source. But so much humor is lost that even though it's the same plot, it's not really from the same novel I read. If it was, I would probably laugh in the aisles in several ways and watch them. For the reader of the novel I think laughter is even forgiven at the end. But the end of the movie is really dizzying, and I think one of the film's successes is that you can really let the feeling that you watched someone walk the razor between good and evil and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> He stood alone and is worth seeing himself. For technical reasons, there are some minor but significant mistakes, especially in continuity, and too often it seems strange and theatrical, but it is mostly an acceptable note and occasionally shows considerable imagination and ingenuity. Overall, it works in a high order, although maybe a dialogue under today's standards is a little compressed. <br /> <br /> He survives quite well when he looks back at himself with "Slaughterhouse-5" and there is actually a relatively "good" filmmaker Vonnegut, mostly a version of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron," "Who am I this time ? " and some other stuff, as of course the unsuccessful film version of his very fun but one-time "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece, if it still existed, in the 1970s, called "Between Time and Timbuktu", which seemed to Vonnegut not very much, though he was involved in his production because he felt he misinterpreted it in its generality . He told him he reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments in HG Wells's "Dr. Moreau Island," but it has been a great introduction to his work for many. movies do not mean you want to go to excellent source material, they do not do their job. <br /> <br /> As the man says, more or less, a big show is inside your head.
