It took a while for Nick Nolte to live in Nebraska before we could easily accept him as a famous intercontinental dramatist. Once you get across the bar, it turns into a fascinating story about a person who loses everything when he tries to do good. <br /> <br /> Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a famous actress and is happy in every respect until the war is about to emerge. He visited the junior American, John Goodman, who persuaded him to accept the post as an anti-Semitic radio agent for the Nazis. Nolte has no politics but thinks it's a challenge to write a role that's almost impossible, then play it alone. Another US secret agent changes Nolty's radio scripts - coughing here, sneezing in there - will serve as a code for transmitting intelligence to the Allies. But there is a mistake. No one will know about the real role of Nolte as an American agent except for Goodman, Donan and Roosevelt. If they ever find out, Americans refuse to recognize him. <br /> <br /> Nolte falls forward and his vicious broadcast is wildly popular in Germany. His dear wife, Sheryl Lee, does not know anything about what's happening, and he does not even care. Nolte and Lee live in what he repeatedly calls "the Nation of Two." The war ends and the trouble begins. It is captured by Americans who are bitter about their betrayal. They beat him and left him in the mud. He is saved by Goodman, his "godmother fairy," who sends him to an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and sends him some cash from time to time. In 1960, he managed to cultivate friendship with his neighbor, painter Alan Arkin, who also lost his family and claimed that these two now belong to the secret brotherhood. But his location and identity somehow escape and is more or less accepted by a group of old Aryan racists - led by a dentist and a priest. Its home queue and mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations. He was injured by ex-GI. But - miraculously - his beloved wife returned to him by the old Aryans. Another catch: later it turns out he's not his wife, but rather her younger sister who loved him since adolescence. The end ended with his writ in Israeli Prison in 1967 before his trial of crimes against humanity. It's not a happy ending. <br /> <br /> Nolte can talk, but he does not see the inhabitants of the cell over his prison. It's Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann looks nice enough. Counseling Nolte that it's a bad habit to write for fifteen hours. "It's important to rest, you have to learn to rest." Dave smiles loudly and shouts, "So I got here." The film is filled with such irony. At one point, in relaxed conversations, Arkin tells him that "despite everything he still thinks people are in the heart of good." I do not know if the movie was a commercial success, but if it were not, it could have been what could torpedo it for younger audience spectators who may have never heard of Anne Frank, let alone it be final in its diary. <br /> <br /> The fact is, it's a movie for adult and adult patients. The story moves slowly, there is very little violence, no vehicle pursuits, no shootouts, and people are not under the pressure of maniacal speech. Many of them are likely to slip around the audience who did not open up their intentional approach. Nolte refers to the relationship between him and his wife during the war as "two peoples." This is a fairly compact sentence. There is no doubt that someone could come up with the definition of glib, but it requires a little concentration to understand his emotional import. It is the story of a man who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his self-esteem. At one point, he stops walking on a crowded New York street and simply stands there until dark, when he moves them with a strange cop. The reason he stopped was that he simply had no place to go. What Vonnegut describes is much more than depression. I do not think it would be condescending, but it's such a feeling that is in your youth misunderstood. Teens may think they know what Nolte is holding in this place, but it really requires maturity and an accelerated sense of finitude that can only result in maturity. Remember, Robert Frost, that there is a place at home that, when you go, must take you? Nolte is coming back.
