So far I have not read Mother's Night Kurt Vonnegut (although I have read other books, all the excellent pieces of satire and game news). After seeing the film adaptation of Keith Gordon's book, it will be immediately needed in the near future. It's kind of a material that I'm sure, if it were not produced in 1995/96 as a movie, it would be picked up immediately when there are many popular films after the movie. Besides, it is much darker, though more prominent, about the nature of role playing and the real horror of life with post-war life than with readers. It's about the real danger of pretending in wartime, which is what is espionage in the Second World War. In fact, it would be one thing if the mother of the night had a screenplay with a great emotional depth and complexity about moral choices and a constant role - even after the war - for Howard W. Cambpella (Nick Nolte), which is happening. But it's a really powerful cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually consider as a director of really strong material (more - so I think I'm back to him as an actor who briefly appeared with Vonnegt in "Back to School"), but this is a revelation. He takes the story of Campbell as a story about a broken life: the German propaganda master ("the only American left in Berlin") who is actually a spy for the Americans, but can never have his identity revealed and was previously a playwright who really belonged to the " ", himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He comes out of his prison cell, awaits trial in Israel in 1961 when he writes his memories and tells of his disillusionment that he is a "fake" Nazi, and then in 1960 in a semi-hiding at an apartment in New York, most of the movie takes place. <br /> <br /> Nightmare can be quite heavy, just as on one level she could connect with a pianist but at a different emotional-cerebral level than the sharp poetry of this film. Gordon attempts to give Vonnegut a strong view of a man who has nothing but memories (and later strange transposition) of his long lost love in the "sister" returned to him by the NYC so he is left on his own instruments when he and the painter joins (Alan Arkin, a very good actor), and then finds out that the Nazis are housed by a white superior reporter leading the wackos to his apartment. It should be a straightforward spy story on the surface, but it's not easy. "Something" of this man's life is overwhelming, but it's ultimately his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions (and certainly reflecting the line that Goebbels says): the bigger the lie, the more people believe it. This is except for the selected couple who started to lie and know her secret and strength. But oh, that would be one thing if it was just a gorgeous and tragic comic story or another (that is, Nolte is the best and Sheryl Lee, who we remember from Twin Peaks like Laura Palmer, amazes many of the tasks, especially on stage when it reveals that it's not a "real" "Helga." It's also a gorgeously shot movie with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the state of the character's mind or just the sharp or dirty color of time (look at the scene where old Campbell watches his movie I would say that some of the music is too much, but at other times it highlights the material around its own usual dramatic dimensions and makes it opera, festive about human <br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie to get emotionally taken, and some twists have that tinge of "cats" as in any spy story. the subversion of Vonnegut, which blends in a way of appearance and performance, a life that mimics art imitating life imitating death, and transforming it into something worth remembering. I have no idea if the book is better than a movie (or vice versa), but at this point it's hard not to recommend it to anyone looking for a masterpiece after the WW2 narrative / Holocaust narration.
