American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (starring with Nick Nolt's fickle oblivion) ​​lives happily in Germany with his acting wife Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the start of World War II. At the height of his life Howard suggests an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy for the benefit of the Allies; warned of the risks he has in his hands, Howard has everything to lose, but finds an offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell masks himself with the anonymity of lonely life in New York, which further exacerbates his neuroses. The central question (indeed, a question that frustrated many critics) of the film and the source novel Kurt Vonnegut is "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide provide us with traces, but no answer and this ambiguity - that they do not know is what keeps the "Mother of the Night" fresh and interesting all over the world. At the beginning of the film, Nolte Campbell is intelligent and confident; finally, he is either scared and uncertain, or fear and quite sure of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain icy gloss to the first half of the film that complements his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures Vonnegut's dramatic side. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his lonely apartment in New York (which he calls the "purgatory"), only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the created humor is also purely characteristic of the author and provides a temporary holiday from the dramatic tension that unfolds . The moral (even spiritual) paradox of the "Mother of the Night" gift does not support a simple solution and to some extent should remain the ambiguous "black and white scenes of Campbell, who look tired in the universe when imprisoned Israel suggests unspoken consideration that we are not witnesses Campbell is a character whose inner work we have finished, of which we know little, the war will change him, his return to America, and a meeting with the Nazis in New York will force him to extend the facade of his "conduct" further down to the point where he can only watch the image of himself on the wall, the splash of the anti-Semitic bile, maybe it's the best reaction we can hope for.
