The magical moment in life, the point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing wind that marks adulthood. . . that's what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danny (greatly played by Reese Witherspoon) is at that moment in life when the movie begins. He turns around Elvis, plays his recordings, and thinks of love. Maureen's sister soon gets up to college, has no trouble attracting boys, she's beautiful, and it seems that it all came down to it, though not. She comes across a local lieutenant whose father is also after her, and I wish he found a decent boy and could be taken off his feet. Danni, like most young teenagers, wants her to be different than herself, because most teenagers think that those who are simply not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see herself beautiful. When adolescence begins to interfere with her life, she meets Court Foster for the first time. The court, whose father recently died, moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He was responsible when he was having fun. On one hot day he goes to the pond and jumps just to find Danni's killing. They shout and say, and Danni leaves. But they see one day later when Courty's mother is invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni Parents). Danni becomes attracted to the court and Danni. She is spooky and bold, has a stance and says what she means. <br /> <br /> The Court is 17 and Danni 14 and he knows it, but he is still approaching his ponds between the farmer's farm. At a time when the court kisses her one day Danni is hitting. Danni's father tells her to invite the court to the house and he'll do it. but things are unpleasant for the court in its "kind of data". The silence, however, was interrupted by his encounter with Maureen, who had not seen the Court yet. One look between these two and all. The look on the pain and defeat on Danni's face are both beautiful in their fidelity to life and painful at the same time. I will not say the rest of the film, but the film has more than the relationship between a boy and two sisters. The size of the film is in its display of life moments both beautiful and painful and the relationship between the two sisters whose love is tested as a boy they love, and the pain he has to endure together and individually. Danni finally marks her entry into the world when she sees the world as unfair, painful, and perhaps less hopeful than if the film had begun. Several movies can really capture the childhood wonder and adulthood so perfectly. This movie has since the first moment that I watched him have left me. It's in my list of Top 100 films and deserves it. I just wish other such films were made because if they did. . . my belief in Hollywood would be much better.
