When I first heard about the show, I heard about it a lot and there were some good reviews. I was staring at the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale," as she preached, and I really got involved with it. I have loved it since then. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see such a good show. Cast is great as their characters and I would not want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this show, Pushing Daisies focuses around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: he could bring the dead back to life with a touch of finger. He did it for the first time with his dog, Digby. But there is a catch: If someone keeps the dead man alive for more than one minute, someone else will die. He had learned to bring his mother back to life, and his father had crushed Ned's house in his mother's womb. The second task is when it touches people again, they are dead again, but this time for good. He learned when his mother kissed him on a good night. His father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned had never seen his father again. Almost 20 years later, Ned has his own pie bakery with the smart name "Pie Hole". Collaborator Ned, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has Ned, but Ned refuses her movements, trying to get close to anyone, learning from past experience. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decided to be a partner in murder. Ned is touching the victim, he asks who killed them, and when the minute runs out, he touches them again and solves it. That usually solves it. During the episodes, murders have very interesting drawings and are what people least expect. One day Ned finds out that his next murder to deal with is his baby darling, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). It brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In her place, the funeral director died, who stole jewelry from the corpse. When Emerson discovers, and when Chuck wants to help with the murder, he does not agree - we hear him say Chuck 'Dead Girl' for a while. All this is preserved secretly by Olive, Chuck's Aunt Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz), and everyone else, if someone knows it from obituaries, reports, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, have not left the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to cooperate. Ned and Chuck love one another, though they can not touch each other anymore. <br /> <br /> This show is fun, has amazing characters, contains great plot and will surely get into your spirit. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
