This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between Pushing Daisies and others was not theft. (Yes, I saw "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is somewhat similar but still so different that it's original.) Rather, there are too few television shows on TV that have this sort of special spell. The biggest similarity is "Dead Like Me," but "P.D" comes with this similarity honestly: Bryan Fuller has created both performances. (Both shows include a "undead" young woman, for example.) This show never stopped as funny and charming and was always weird, yet it was always humane. I have to say the word about the convention of ongoing stories. some people complained that this show lacked a moral center, because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes, Ned appears to escape by causing the death of Chuck's father without any consequences. Above all, it must be a new definition "without any consequences" because, despite the fact that Ned was just a boy and did not realize that he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he felt guilty from the moment he realized what he had done. Next, about a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally admitted to Chuck that he had caused his father's death by his gift. Now there is no police to encourage people to magically cause the death of one person by bringing another person back to life so that the issues of resurrection and restitution must be accepted without social leadership. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to Ned recently to forgive Ned. But it points to a problem with ongoing story lines in network dramas. I remember when David Carus's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong, and he seemed to have gotten to him - all year long - then caught him and was forced to resign from work (and left the show). The question is that viewers should now learn and not expect that just because a regular character does something wrong in one episode and is not caught in the episode that she has gone away. There is always next week - and maybe next year.
