I have to say that when Pushing Daisies appeared, I immediately won a fairy tale as if it were such a cruelty. The narrator made the cake of all suffering by making death as routine, as well as the rocks of Ned (Lee Pace). And returning to life was just as routine. Trio Ned, Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) and Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel), plus sometimes the sidekick Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth, who made the musical Wicked such a pleasure) made for some fantastic dialogue and stupidity. She definitely deserves the title of romantic comedy / drama. Ned and Chuck have become a shy and not fully prepared couple who still examines their feelings, although they can not touch - an obstacle that seems to be really no obstacle with aids such as gloves, cellophane, and strange plans around the apartment. But in spite of the inconvenience presented, when they work their feelings around a strange secret they barely know, they managed to show their chemistry on the screen when they touched the scene, as Ned gave Chuck the bees. The presence of Olive, however, brings a few moments in the bakery and unpredictable complications for the couple. <br /> <br /> The second season has fallen sharply, so a show that had real potential. In some episodes, the conspiracy line was somewhat bleak and unfortunate, so you ask "what happened?" both in the total land of the dead man in the week and in the upper line of the plot. Adding Chuck's father plus two enemies to Ned did not help and at least one of the land felt almost recycled (the episode "Comfort Food" did not feel like the episode of "Bitter Sweets" in fact that the dead man died in the meal in the week?). Several touch moments (hives) helped push the relationship between Chuck and Ned, but each time they approached, the writers decided to throw a different monkey key than to develop the relationship (Oliver returns from the monastery, Chuck's dead father returns to life and will not return, you will get a picture). It was a pity that it did not work, but this concept was good and it seemed unrealistically good, just a nice wave of colors / happy smiley and unlikely scenarios that remind you that it's not "dead like me". And again, it's in "Pushing Daisies Time", according to Creator Bryan Fuller, so again it's likely. It should take longer, but at this point it's just a sad thought. Kudos on any new show will try to replace this short-lived gem.
