"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows of your genre over the past 5 years, you agree or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. It's the mind behind other great TV shows like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and the other not as big as you, but also interesting "Heroes" (2006). It's a mixture of Brian Fuller's amazing worlds created in previous television shows that once again mixed a fantastic world of fantasy with real types of people covered by colorful images and exaggerated feelings, always a fairy tale. So, if you are a fairy tale, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situation, or a situation much anticipated, but not as it would normally be said. <br /> <br /> But it always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift that is different than the amazing chef: it can give life to the dead just a touch. It could be a force that everyone would have died - or they lived - because it was not for another simple and very sad thing: it can also be eternally dead if it touches again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has compensation, and if it brings something to life for more than one minute, another species of this person would die instantly. He is a person full of unfortunate events in life so that the adult grows, always afraid to touch everything and lose even more of the things he loved one day. Until the day he could finally be close to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if there was no other sad fact: she was dead. She gave her life again, and she loves him the same way he did, but this love is inviolable. The real kiss of death. And so this wonderful modern fairytale begins. When I heard about Pushing Daisies for the first time, she was promoted as something of a very well-known (or maybe some kind) to everything Tim Burton (1985) and Big Fish (2003) and Charlie and Cholate Factory (2005). Results can not be better. The world around Pie Hole was wonderful. Stories about Ned and Detective Codes (Chi McBride) to tackle unresolved crimes can be very common on TV, but it's just a way of bringing people stunning stories about characters such as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) of beautiful and dreamy images that almost can feel the taste of colors. Not only that you have joined in a host of amazing and charismatic subtle characters, even those who have the deepest dark humor. <br /> <br /> Forgot the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, triumphal in many other things. Local actors are peaks. Lee Pace is tender, soft and contained as he asks. Anna Friel is a show museum because her character is supposed to be. But the most beautiful times are always with supportive actors like Chi McBride, Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines when a so-drenched figure drowned in an impossible dark humor that frightens a clown, surely has the best dialogues, and her expressions and body tongues are fascinating. But if the best dialogs give Swoozie and her character, Kristin Chenoweth gives the best fun moments. It seems to improvise all the time, it's so naturally funny that every scene is a show aside. Kristina is so bright in the show that the victory in Emma in 2009 for her supporting role in the show was absolutely fair and deserved. There is also chemistry between actors and their characters, which are also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what it really is a TV show and what it should be like. For those who think this show is a waste of time or claims to be meaningless, it definitely needs to open their minds and return to a time they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> True to be aware ... TV has never been so courageous in TV Show as with this amazing. "Pushing Daisies" was a great step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and her sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that television does not respect the great TV shows produced by Bryan Fuller - except for the "Heroes" that are still airborne and not as amazing as others.
