After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb main page for "Pushing Daisies" and literally minutes ago watching the last episode, I thought it was time to say what I thought about the PD. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I will first try to deal with some of the problems I have seen with other people with this show: something like that "people who have woken up expect a more realistic reaction." Realistic at this show? Pushing Daisies is a really clean and total leak. It's the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the situation, the music: it's all for me to escape from everyday life. Escape from secular and boring. This is where Pushing Daisies surpasses exceptionally well Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: The vast majority of television viewers do not "get", for some people just out there and stupid. But for people like me, even from the first episode I watched (Season 2 is "Frescorts") and I was just a blown show. Since then I have bought both sets of boxes and I have barely been on my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand it, it really looks like Marmite. The show follows the adventures of Ned, Piemaker, with the magic finger of Charlotte Charles's baby, working in collaboration with private investigator Emerson Cod, own Pie-hole, and occupying Olive Snook. The finishing touches are Aunt Lily and Vivian, which Charlotte (Chuck) can never see. They live in a fantastic world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is portrayed with a gorgeous bright color shade and a story by Jim Dal. In addition to sketching the basics of the show, I really can not praise it much more without saying: Just look at it. Despite the fact that it was run by Writer's Guild of America, with only 22 episodes ever made, it provides a wonderful conspiracy plot, storyline, character, and situation, while providing (for me) a satisfactory ending (yes, I can say end end and hurry but I was still happy with how it came out). Whether it's creative or just demanding, for many people (including me) it has made it the most addictive and wonderful viewing, and I hope the future of television that other such exhibitions are created so I did not stay with just 22, 40 minute memories of real fun.
