Young scientist Fanshawe, an ardent archaeologist, sends his boss to a large country house Squire Richards (Pip Torrens) where his job is to find a place of origin and catalog a collection of antiquities and curiosities belonging to the recently deceased father Squire. Squire is surprised at the arrival of Fanshawe, not expecting him for the next week, but he still welcomes him and gets his only servant, Patten (David Burke ...) to show him to his room, because Fanshawe has to stay for a few days to finish his pretty big task. Patten does not seem to be the most affluent and seems to dislike what Fanshawe's visit is causing, a big empty house that gives him an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is upset, very neat and precise with all that has his place, whether it's his dress or books and papers, and he's rather disgusted with the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is more eager to start his work, but unwrapping finds his binoculars damaged during transit and so Squire asks for a replacement couple, Squire, who is a modern thinking man, but he would also seem more uncultivated to such matters to get rid of the mess all over the house, so Fanshawe hangs up and walks to the top of the hill to explore the manor and the surrounding villages where Squire points to points of interest, including Gallows Hill where the governors are hanged for their crimes and misdemeanors; also a local abbey described by Squire as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see with binoculars that he is not obviously exploring further and paying a visit to the site of the monastery and is shocked by discovering that there are only some remains of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this voice when the darkness goes down, he feels he is being watched, he feels the presence, he starts to see moving shadows in the forest, surprised to run home. During dinner, Squire gives details of his horrific day, Patten hears the story and suggests explanations ... Binoculars! They belonged to a local man called Baxter, who seemed to pick up the bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, boiling them for some drink or other, Baxter mysteriously disappeared one night, later Squire got his stuff including a mask made from a skull and some old area etching . These etching fascinates Fanshaw as they display the abbey they saw through the telescope, but they learn that the abbey was during the reign of Henry VII. Destroyed, and so Baxter could not draw sketches, and Baxter dated to the recent past, so he concluded that the binoculars had some extra force. That night has dreadful dreams when he wakes up, sets off with his binoculars to look in detail at the abbey through them, and finds him surprise, but gets into dangerous danger this way? Fanshawe finally finds himself trapped in his dangerous obsession when the darkness falls Squire and the search party goes looking for the now missing archaeologist, they are alerted by dozens of loud cowgirl wings circling over Gallows HIll, they speed up their speed but will help or rescue Fanshaw in time fate? The Ghost Story for the BBC's Christmas Series of Movies has patiently ended its initial filmmaking of 1978 with The Ice House, largely based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was briefly revived, and fortunately, the top view also meant a return to the work of James, whose spooky writings went through many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who was new in the series, may be afraid of fans of older films but returns to a period that left the later films that instantly set the tone for a great story about the Spirit, his direction being ensured because the true mood of masters works and gradually puts the fear factor into a terrible climax, all the while keeping what the viewer sees at a minimum, thereby increasing tension and secrecy. The autumn landscape provides an atmosphere of atmosphere, falling leaves and a low lying sun, providing a turbulent backdrop for ominous events. Cast must be said to be excellent and are perfectly occupied in their roles. The idea behind binoculars is simple, but very effective, the use of a human-made object to see supernatural beings and events that can not be seen only by an eye could even influence Alex de la Iglesia in her film La habitación del niño (2006) significant resemblance. I've heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I have to say I've always taken it and even picked up some hair on my head and gave me some shakes, something that has not happened today, I think any negativity around the movie can only be attributed his step, which is perfect for my eyes, but it will be considered deadly to modern audiences. Lots of time is given, even within his short 40 minutes of running, to develop the character and expansion of fences, and I must say that it is my new favorite and definitely one of the best movies of decades.
