The new Pendragon Pictures "The G Wells War of the Worlds," the first true adaptation of the original novel, has been developing for about five years. The theater release was scheduled for the beginning of this year (March 2005), but it never happened. The DVD was released to coincide with the release of the Spielberg version, which hits the theater on June 29. I enjoyed this film, with certain reservations. How true is the adaptation? He's not a faithful Wells book, but 90-95% of believers are good enough for me. At least several scenes were completely new, such as the confrontation of astronomer Ogilva with a farmer and an unnamed writer / narrator who had a terrible tea with his cousin. Overall, however, this film closely follows the book - much more than George Palt's classic version of 1953. The biggest mistake is that it was, of course, done at a very cheap budget. Most of them seem to have shot a blue screen and composed of digitally rendered backgrounds. This is particularly unpleasant during most interior shots and scenes from crowded urban streets. The 1898 reports in London look like something in the video game. Numerous scenes in horseback strollers were fake - I think they can not afford to rent their horses. The only scenes that were shot as "real" seem to be in open fields or forests. But within these budget constraints, they managed to do a lot. Artistic film looks right. Martians and their tripods are relatively well executed and well described by Wells' descriptions. I was particularly impressed by the heat. Although the Thunder Child sequence, which was supposed to be one of the most exciting films, is very disappointing. It's a pity that they can not afford more real files or better animation. Playing and managing will not earn any Oscars. For the most part, they are competent, they are not bad, but they are not excellent. The music is pretty good even though it is not in the same place with any of the greatest Hollywood composers. I'm really glad it was not a theatrical release because the budget cut would make it look much worse on the big screen. At the stage, I would like to evaluate it similarly to the BBC-TV adaptation of classical literature. Several nitpicks: Most scenes are presented with different color filters (predominantly red). This could be an artistic choice, but it is very inconsistent, and it seems more like a careless DVD job. And, of course, the false mustache of the author / narrator changes from scene to scene. <br /> <br /> Bottom line - worth seeing? If you can look over the technical and budget constraints and get into the story, I think you will like it, especially if you really read the original novel by G Wells. But if you could easily postpone cheap production values, you should best pass it (if you are not a fan of MST3K). Please note that the movie lasts for 3 hours, so I do not recommend watching it in one session. <br /> <br /> BTW: A completely different version of the War of the Worlds (aka "INVASION") came out on DVD the same month that Spielberg got into theaters: http://imdb.com/title/tt0449040/. This has also been done on budget, but is still up to date as Spielberg - but it's much better! Jeff Wayne produces an animated film of his 1978 best-selling album, but it will not be until 2007.
