The year 2005 saw no less than three filmed productions of the great novel by H. G. Wells "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever attempted not only to present the story very well, as Wells wrote, but also to create the atmosphere of the era in which to take place: the last year of the 19th century, the 1900s? using the original setting of Wells in Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems to be hostile to what they regard as "spoilers". This may concern some of the films where the end could really be a surprise, but one of the world's most famous novels seems to be positively stupid. I have no sympathy with people who have neglected reading one of the key works in English literature, so we get straight to the pursuit. Aliens are destroyed by capturing Earth's disease against which they have no immunity. If it's a spoiler, it's either; after the book and 3 more movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how it will end. This film, which follows Wells' plot, is also very cleverly presented? which could cause many viewers to be photographed late 19th and early 20th century because of their ignorance. Although the film is filmed in a wide-screen design, the film goes some distance to radiate the present. The general color of the skin and clothing shows a septic tinge, which often appears on old photographs (rather than on black). Colors often resemble manual tinting. Otherwise, the colors are rinsed. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standardized celluloid stock, and therefore represented many changes in print quality, including black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish brown / white etc.? as you will ever see here. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, of a kind that was only seen in 1920? and yet the Martians and their machines are very well described by Wells and have a more realistic "feeling". Are some effects really unpleasant? such as the destruction of Big Ben. Actor acting is often more in the style of this period than ours. Some aspects of Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of pomades or brilliance on the head and face. This film is the only one that follows Wells' original storytelling? as noted. Spectators may find it interesting to note the drawing details that appear here, which are sometimes retained in other versions of the story. Wells' description of martians? a giant head mounted on numerous tentacles? is effectively rendered. When the Martian machines appear for about an hour in the film, they also give a good impression as described by Wells. Both Wells and this film do an excellent job of showing the progress of the Martians from a limited perspective (primarily) rural England? plus several scenes in London (including Brother Narator). The director is unable to withstand the destruction of the main landmark (Big Ben), but at least does not justify the devastation of London. The victory of the Martians is hardly surprising, despite the destruction of some of their cannons. Narator, who travels to find an escape, sees a lot of what Wells calls "a ghost of mankind." He meets with pure, gifted Victorian disabilities very rare and nervous personalities. Eventually they found themselves at the very edge of the Martian nest where they discovered a terrible fact: Martians are proven to be vampires who, in their very efficient scene, consume their prey. Wells adds that they create "long-lasting and merry hunger" after eating. Narator is finally obliged to defeat the absurd ever-increasing hysterical kurately? which revives just as martians take him to the burner (fans from the gallery, British couriers are so often unbearable). This film lasts almost 3 hours, the Wells story goes in the welcome detail. Is it time for his author to retire? in a breathtaking presentation that has a dramatic impact. The word about acting: Do not expect awards. It's not bad, but the actors are serious and they grow on you. Most of them, however, had a very short film career, often only in this film. The narrator plays in his second film, Anthony Pian. Cure is John Kaufman? also in his second film as an actor, but has more experience directing. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. The artillery, the only other significant piece, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. Overall, it's a wonderful film that first introduced the War of the Worlds, as Wells wrote. Despite its slight defects, it is far better than any of its limited competitors. To see H. G. Wells' world war? and not some completely distorted versions? look at this movie!
