Imagine that you could have everything you want to go anywhere you want to be anything you've ever dreamed of - just an idea. Imagine now that you share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Could these forces become your soul? This is a dilemma introduced by Captain Christopher Pike in The Cage, now the legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Known as "too brainy" and "too cold" from NBC brass and refused, "Cage" was never the most ambitious and costly pilot in the history of the network at the time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all that effort and spending was useless, so it's really a classic episode Star Trek, which introduces the Crap into a story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunted story, a memory in television history and one of the first truly serious science fiction stories ever shot on a small screen ... Stargaz 3012: USS Enterprise moves to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from the former Enterprise Commander. Surprisingly, the report can not be Captain Pike, as it is now limited to a wheelchair, dimmed and terribly distorted after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase commanding officer Commodore Mendez is trying to get to the bottom of the secret, but Spock, for reasons unknown so far, is committing open-minded rebellion, the abduction of helpless Captain Pike, and the kidnapping of Enterprise over a brilliantly planned and timed plan several volcanic nerves. The company soon embarked on a forbidden Talos IV planet. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under the ban and any contact with the planet by ships or Starfleet personnel carries an immediate death penalty, which means that Spock appears to deliberately destroy himself and also Kirk, given that the captain will be responsible for the operation of the ship. Kirk and Mendez desperately chase in a pendulum boat, which becomes dangerous when a business refuses to accept its call or pick up a craft until power and oxygen almost disappears. Spock - knew Kirk had to be the one who followed the ship - of course he could not send the captain for a certain death. After ordering the ship to be loaded and the crew aboard, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and demanded that he be arrested after having built the spacecraft on the irreversible course Talos IV. Kirk asks for an explanation, after which Kirk asks for an immediate court warfare by the Starfleet Commanders' Tribunal - three of which are on board - Mendez, Kirk, and a crippled invalid Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of the Starfleet rules allows him to manipulate the tribunal to allow him to produce otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock is the video of the only contact ever made between the Federation and Talos IV residents - the way the company undertook Pika thirty years ago. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme details, but the reality of the events illustrated is confirmed by Pike himself, who turns out to have been attracted to Talos IV by an emergency call from alleged survivors of the Federation's craft research crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, the stunning beauty allegedly was born just before the catastrophe. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to put him in an isolated place, then is surprised and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous head capacity and the ability to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After capturing Pike, the other "survivors" remain, because none of them really existed except for Vina. The episode ends when the court finds out that Spock's "proof" is actually handed over by the Enterprise directly from Talos IV, which is contrary to Starfleet regulations. The Starfleet orders an immediate stop of the transfer and is interested in what will happen next ... Continue reading "The Menagerie: Part II"!
