Animals one and two were the only 2-parter during the three-year run of the original Trek series, and it was because Roddenberry was able to put most of the records of the first "The Cage" pilots. This move has been made from the need to fight against the term problems in creating episodes (such a show in the 1960s was a quarrel to be done in time). One positive result was that viewers who did not know about the pilot who had been produced almost a few years earlier were treated with a completely new crew and captain for these two episodes in addition to regular cast characters as though the producers had spent twice the money for these episodes a television epic that includes a ten-year history of the Starfleet (though in these early episodes they still used terms like the "United Space Fleet"). The Wraparound story begins as a space mystery plot: Enterprise is redirected to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is suspected in these shenanigans. Surprisingly, even though McCoy belabors the fact that Spock's Vulcan Heritage makes a gun on his side impossible, it turns out that Spock is really acting some angry scheme to Shanghai our precious star ship and kidnaps his former captain, Pike, now terribly crippled . Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he just go mad? It can be very good because it drives Enterprise Talos IV, the planet beyond the borders, this is the only known death penalty on Starfleet books. When the gear is in the middle, it's a great scene that Spock has given up McBoy because Uhura looks shocked. Even Kirk, usually stable as a captain, should not know what to do about his illogical behavior of the first officer. In the 3rd and Final Act, we begin to see the pictures of the mission of Enterprise since 13 years before Captain Pike commanded and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where it all goes, and what Spock hopes to achieve - and that's one thing that makes it a very good 2-parter - we really need to find out what's all about in Part Two. Not only is Spock facing severe punishments, it looks like Kirk's career may also end. Double threats, people. This is also the first episode to be released, which includes one of these shuttles (no one was available in the earlier "The Enemy Within" when crafts were really needed). There is also one of those neat matte images that convey the atmosphere of the futuristic star base - that was the only way to see such things at that time. Finally, look at Kirk's complacent approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, do things by his side, as the story progresses.
