I have to warn you, there are some spoilers. But to start, I have spoken "Spanish judges" in February. It was mentioned that it was the last copy, but as I see it was not back-ordered. But either, I have it. I thought it was good. I wanted to see it mainly because of the great actor Matthew Lillard (I am surprised that none of the reviews mention the scar), even though it's a bit of a budget, getting enough money to make that film worth it. A man, a good actor. The Story of an Artist Story known as Jack (Matthew Lillard), who "claims" that he has a product called Spanish Judge. If you do not know what the Spanish judges see or did not see on this trailer, and this is the first review you've read, I will not even say what they are. I think it would be a big turn that nobody knows what it is. He needs protection, so he hires a couple who are also a cheater, Max and Jamie (Vincent D'Onofrio and Valeria Golino) as well as a cheater called Piece (Mark Boone Junior). She has a girlfriend who does not even tell her her name because she's from Mars, he says. So they (mainly Jack) call her "Mars Girl". Everything starts fine, but then turns into one big game. A game that involves some lust, lies and betrayal. It was something that played in it (Matt and Valeria, like Tamara, they were not one of them). There were some scenes that could do better and the score could be a bit better. Some scores were really good. The theme they used for beginning and end (before credits) was a good song choice, that's my opinion. The combat scene eventually could have been a bit longer and a bit more violent, but what can you do? Another comment to Matt: Damn, a smooth and smooth man plays. I know it's review, but I have to make a fix against NeCRo, one of the reviewers: Valeria Golino is not newcomer. According to this page, it has been operating since 1983. For me, and perhaps for others, she is well known as Charlie Sheen's Italian love in "Hot Shots!" movies. But good reviews. Though I think it's one of those rare movies I've seen and it's really good (and that's why I gave it ten stars), I'll do what I thought when I first saw it. <br /> <br /> 8/10
