Oh dear. Another example of the "Oireland" and religion. There is no doubt that we will see some depressing crap representing some "freedom fighters and macho fighters" from the IRA. So it was my initial reaction when the loans started, but I was in shock for only an hour and a half later. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem because she marries in the Catholic Church, and Sheila is a Protestant, but to make a wedding Sheila promises her children will be brought up by a Catholic and attending a Catholic school is old enough. The story, which takes place in the 1950s, jumps a few years ahead when Cloney's daughter is about to start school, but Sheila decides to attend a local Protestant school, to the resistance of a local priest, Father Stafford. From there things get used to <br/> <br/> Let me put my cards on the table and say that despite being both Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant heritage, I am educated as an agnostic and I consider myself an atheist after all his adult life. In fact, as far as religion is concerned, I consider myself Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. HOLY LOVE shows what happens when the moral guards take their own to tell other people what they think and believe. Can I be afraid when I say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, would he love him and tell him the masterpiece? Perhaps I should not, because the drama of this story shows what happens when other people are making your thinking for you In response to a couple of reviewers who have claimed that this film is the propaganda of the worst kind, you do not have to say that you know the exact details of what happened in the Wexford County, and there is no denying that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad, but she is not guilty without herself. Think about a woman who lives in a rural village in the 1950s. Ireland, which has committed to bringing children as Catholics, will change its mind and believe it will have no consequences for it? This is a warning to and acceptance of promises. Not only that, but it disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their broken lives. There is also something that no one else has taken on, and that is the only character with any type of moral sense is the former IRA guy Andy Bailey, who is shown to be a gallant not because he was a former member of the IRA (That makes a change.) We do not talk about OWNERSHIP DEVILU, but simply because he is an atheist who decides to think about himself <br /> <br /> LOVE DIVIDED is an excellent movie that has something to say himself, everything I agree with If there is any criticism, that she feels too much like TVM rather than a movie, but believe me that I can live with it and is a fundamental viewing for anyone who thinks religion is opiummass
