It would require Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to fulfill this extraordinary cinematographic performance. However, I will do it. <br /> <br /> When it comes to adapting Hamlet, it's a better way out than all other versions because it includes the whole game. Still, it is not a guarantee of a first-rate movie or a good film. I usually do not have much for movies that are too long and the trend that seems to be prevalent in Hollywood today, and that movies should be at least two hours long, preferably three, is one that hopes it will not last long. Several stories are strong enough to resist such extensive exploration, and with some carvings. Making a four-hour film and retaining his interest is not a small businessman, but Kenneth Branagh pulls him out of flying colors. He managed to make a very long film, which seemed to be just an average film. I was totally fastened from start to finish. Cast is great with Kenneth Branagh himself as a harrowing prince giving a powerful and unforgettable performance. He succeeds in expressing his feelings admirably through his voice, and one does not have to be an expert on Shakespeare's verse to capture the innumerable emotions that are being made there. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect. I always liked her as an actor, but she was not sure she could fight Shakespeare. Well, she definitely erased all the doubts with her performance. It's the best I've ever seen, and it has been so profound, and it's just amazing. Other great performances include Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio to name a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used several internationally famous stars to play in some minor roles; Especially I enjoyed the sparring between Hamle and the tomb played by Billy Crystal. 19th-century gameplay gives a welcome change to the usually darker Gothic setting. Overall, it's much lighter than the other versions I've seen, much more varied and richer, but that does not eliminate the tragedy of the game. It is an exceptional, stylish and aesthetic pleasure, a certain joy for the eye and other senses. Music by Patrick Doyle is always magical and deeply tuned with the film. After seeing it, one can feel a deep sense of satisfaction. I am shocked and horrified that this excellent artwork has not won the Academy Award for Best Picture, even more so it has not been nominated. There is no way for a better film to be made in that year or for another year. It's so close to perfection as you hope you can get. <br /> <br /> To summarize, the amazing work of pure genius and I do not see how anyone can overcome it. My hat is for you Mr. Branagh.
