William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his game. Not only is the best movie version, but it's also the only complete version of Hamlet. Hamlet Kenneth Branagh is simply brilliant. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare but also because he had the courage to do the whole thing, even if it was only four hours. We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to avenge the death of his father, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this Hamlet version is not breathtaking sets or stunning photographs, but interpretations of actors from each character. I doubt you can find a better Polonius than Richard Briers' delicious portrait. Besides, you can not go wrong with Julia Christie and Jack Lemmon. Also, Derek Jacobi, regular among Shakespeare's adaptations, is spectacular as a Hamlet antagonist. Of course, we need to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He was astonished by the audience when he came to the scene with his first trip with Shakespeare, Henry V. He performed with Hamle. Certainly, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagha's performance is great. When you watch him on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the roles to play. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a complete secret. At least the film has received several nominations and even a special screenplay choice. I think they know well when they see it. <br /> <br /> All in all, you will never find richer and more diverse production of Bard's best game. To say that the technical aspects were amazing would be an understatement. If you like this game and you are a Shakespeare fan, you have to check this movie. Even if you really do not care about Shakespeare, the visual bulletin boards will keep you away for the duration of the movie. Perhaps you do not think you can plan everything at once, but soon you find that pausing this movie will make you see it even more.
