Many people think that Branagh's Hamlet movie is not that good, but I have to admit it's wonderful. Like virtually every Shakespeare production has problems and has had to make tough decisions, not all that evolve. The "secret door everywhere" thing simply does not work. This element never achieves the sinister feeling of the metaphor or the analogy it is attempting, which results in the game being too fragile and losing its sense for thousands of secrets. This is the biggest problem with this production. And even though it's biggie, I also wanted to say it's the only problem. Almost everything else works perfectly beautifully. So well, Branagh is too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems to be a little forced. And sometimes it's too hysterical. But that's all. No more complaints. Even with these mistakes, I believe that this version is key, and if it is not as dramatic as it should be, it is all literary work that should be the same. We have gotten the full text of the longest version of the game, innovative and cost-effective on the screen, mostly portrayed in perfect and modern and very comprehensible voices - though sometimes they speak too fast to get massive text. But in Shakespeare's production, it is simply not possible to speak slowly so the audience really appreciates the depth of the language. You need to dive into game printing versions. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are just fascinating and absolutely instant classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best and even American actors are stunning, Charlton Heston as the king of the player - who would think that ?! (The story is about Heston once playing Hamlet on the stage, and when the critic in the front line could not withstand his hammam acting and said loudly, "That's terrible!" Heston allegedly refused directly from the stage: "Of course it may not be true , but it's a funny story - and if it's true, the courageous and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston.) Robin Williams as a "young iris" is maybe not young enough for this part, but it makes it funny, which is guaranteed . Overall, this is a very well-produced version, and most of the key scenes are, in my view, extremely unforgettable. Of course, I watched this movie just as I was interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time as Luhrmann's impressive Romeo + Julie), and it worked great for me, which I think is, <br /> <br /> All things, I have to say that Branagh Hamlet is my favorite, with the BBC version of Derek Jacobi in 1980. I'm probably glad that Branagh's Shakespeare's work is more than most, and find him as a professional interpreter and popularizer, with an attractive casual attitude to words and a profound and adequate and relentless enthusiasm for the appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's acting, Olivier and Branagh remain the two lightest lighting instruments, and while Olivier is a superior actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the base of snobbery and fine arts, transforming him into a crisp and easy populist world, and at the same time threatening any of his dignity. Branagh, in my opinion, brings a more faithful Shakespeare than the world has ever seen. And so 10 out of ten for an absolutely huge Hamlet.
