When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help but think about the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler builds the game because of how indecisive it is and says: "Give me Romeo every day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether to kill his uncle or not? It seemed to me that it was overwhelming. But after the next reading I really appreciated the game. I saw the film versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of Nicole Williamson version) and they all took a model from Olivier; melancholic Danes. Olivier did it at least without taking care of it, but Gibson and what I saw, Williamson looked like they were going to "Look, Ma, I'm a school!" Now comes the version of Kenneth Branagh , which is from the very beginning to the end, and in 1996 it finished # 2 in my best decade (behind the English patient and before LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, everyone says I love you, I like the catastrophe, nightlife and I'm looking for RICHARD), and it's Hamlet's best, and perhaps the best Shakespeare movie shot. It's obvious that the talented director Branagh as the filmmaker who reached the 70mm printed version and did not lose our interest in four hours is great. that the debates about this film are overlooked his performance in the title role.It was my favorite performance of the year.Branag is avoiding the melodrama that seems to actors are going to play Hamlet as normal a regular human being, and understands how every step in the way understands his actions and feelings. And unlike Olivier, who mostly depends on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to show the extent of the emotions that Hamlet is going through, but because he plays it as normal, none of that sounds like chewing. /> The rest of the cast is also top-notch. I did not mind Jack Lemmon even though I agree that he is the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turn comes from Charlton Heston; I've always found him stiff as a board, but he's pretty as a gaming king. The second big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd find him as bad as 1. Gravedigger, but he was his usual funny self while he was in character. Overall it's a wonderful movie!
