This was the second of two directed "Hamlets" in the 1990s, the first being Franco Zeffirelli, led by Mel Gibson, since 1990. Zeffirelli's version, like Laurence Olivier from 1948, was based on a shortened version of the game, with much of Shakespeare's original cut text. (I never saw a version of Tony Richardson in 1969, but less than two hours shorter than Zeffirelli, I suppose it was also truncated). Kenneth Branagh attempted something much more ambitious - a movie based on the full text of the game with a run time of about four hours. With his "Henry V" Branagh, Olivier's crown is the head of Shakespearean cinematographic film, which confirms his claim to his great film, "A Lot of Nonsense," a rare example of a great Shakespeare-based comedy. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespearean director (he also played as Iago in Oliver Parker in 1995 "Othello"), and, as one might expect, it is very different from "a lot of Ada." An earlier film, filmed in a villa in the Tuscan hills and beautiful surrounding countryside, is a cheerful summer movie about everything that makes life alive. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", on the contrary, the depth of the winter. (Flowers in the description of Opilean death suggest that Shakespeare himself was thinking about the action that is going on in the summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both luxurious and cool. She was filmed in Blenheim Palace, perhaps the most demanding English home, but also a forbidding. Snowy outer scenes are cool and winter; interiors are formal and complicated. The event is up to mid-nineteenth century; female characters wear complicated fashion at that time, while the main men usually wear beautiful military uniforms. (There is a contrast to Zeffirelli's film, where interiors and costumes were deliberately muted). The game is dominated by images of corruption and bankruptcy; Branagh's aim may be the contrast of a beautiful surface with the basis of "something rotten in the state of Denmark". The film is remarkable for a large number of great actors, some of them with much smaller roles. (Blink, and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Obviously, the production company was demanding a versatile cast that was nervous about a four-hour film. Some imported Hollywood stars, like Oscina Robin Williams, did not really come, but others like Charlton Heston or Gravedigger Billy Crystal played very well. Yorick, which is usually seen only as a skull, is seen here in a flash performed by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, is shot against the type as the Spirit and makes scenes in which he seems really scary. Among the main characters, Kale Winslet's Ophelia was probably the weakest. The Branagh's leading mistress was his wife Emma Thompson in her first two Shakespeare films, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. But I thought I wanted Thompson to be part of the role; although Winslet had come into her own in opiley mad scenarios, she seemed weak in the elders, where her character was still healthy. (I preferred Helen Bonham Carter in the version of Zeffirelli). Richard Briers plays Polonius with more dignity than is often given, a wise and experienced advisor rather than an old fool. Julie Christie also brings the dignity of Gertrude; there is no attempt, as was the case with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to design an incestuous link between her and Hamlet. (Interpretation that owes more Freud than Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is big enough to be trusted as a mother and son, which certainly was not with Close and Gibson. (Olivier Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarre thirteen years younger than him). Branagh said his intention to restore those scenes that are more often cut in cinematic versions was "to reinforce the idea that the game is about a national and domestic tragedy." Great emphasis is put on the war with Norwegian and Norwegian Fortinbras - the subplot that Zeffirelli completely ignored. This emphasis on national tragedy is perhaps best illustrated in the character of Claudia, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about the introduction of Derek Jacobi, which suggests that Claudius might have been a good person under other circumstances, but that he was allowed to rise from ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant of his brother, but he decided to rule like a bad king. Though he is guilty of guilt, he can not see any way to get rid of what he has done wrong. Branagh, the splendid speaker of Shakespeare's verses, is excellent in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old Hamlet concept to be indecent, passive, and melancholy. It is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, something that best reflected in his deadly fight with Laertes. His guiding principle is not the frantic despair in the world, but the active disgust with evil and corruption. It was a gamble for Branagh, who was supposed to do a four-hour epic, and the film did not do well. cash register. It was, however, praised by many critics, James Berardinelli being especially excited. My own view is that no matter what financial returns can be, Branagh's gambling has paid off artistically. By concentrating on the whole text, he was able to show the full sense and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex play. When I reevaluated his "Moc ado," I said it was the biggest film of Shakespeare's comedy. His "Hamlet" can only be the biggest film of Shakespeare's tragedy. 10/10
