A big epic like the monumental rendering of Kenneth Branagh about what is perhaps the most popular tragedy of William Shakespeare suffers from a four-hour toy and surely takes some real ability to stay. Two completely separate meetings would most likely be better to fully realize what is definitely a high-quality filmmaking. Whilst this masterpiece as such I absolutely admit, I must admit the lack of enthusiasm to the old bards, his rhetoric (and he is sending so well) and his many bloom. So "Hamlet" loses its impact because it loses its grip. From Patrick Doyle's music to Alex Thomson's film to Tim Harvey's excellent sets, it is a film of visual and aural pleasures that compliment the cast. Branagh has received three huge cushions, adapts, controls, and plays. His adaptation is excellent, his direction strong, but at the time he took the role of Hamlet, he did, but he does a great job in what is an incredibly taxing role. Derek Jacobi despises the ominous Claudia with joy and Julie Christie is the most dramatic of his queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is amazing as Polonius, and Charlton Heston is again a powerful screen player as King. Many other people, including Jack Lemmon, Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The actor's award must come to one of the great tepic discoveries of recent years, Kate Winslet. Hers is a moving view of the most tragic figure in this whole thing, Ophelia. Completion (before this review goes on longer than the movie), I have to say that this is the length actually tested by the viewer in this movie. Branagh directed with intent, gave many important, influencing scenes. Too many of them are welcome. Watching this movie has a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have gained from it. "Not a creditor, not a debtor," or "Be faithful to yourself." And of course: "be or not be". The first two hours take some endurance, but if you manage to stay tuned, you will certainly be treated with an agonizing final that gathers the impulse from a tragic funeral. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
