The image of film studios that are financially managed instead of the creative is not without truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This raises the question why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create an extraordinary, uncut version of "Hamlet" with his full creative control, among others. Naturally, Branagh had to agree with some concessions (star cast and 2.5 hour version for a broader release), but why would the movie studio allow Branaguo to spend money on a 4-hour version that only a few people knew? Could they, at least in this case, have enough respect for the material, and Branagh's vision to create something for just a few people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, it is a famous vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching the "Hamlet". Every story knows, so I will not spend much time on it. However, unlike other game performances, including the stage, it is a totally vague production that has never been before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended the game to be produced uncut, leaving the decision on what to include on the decision of the director. That being said, I have no doubt that if he could see it, Bard would like to have Branagha's production. The film is a top-of-the-line movie star, though most of it has only a small part. Everyone plays their parts as well. I wanted to think that Branagh is too old to play part of Hamlet, and although it is still possible, his performance is more than invented. Hamlet is a complicated part, depicting all emotions, from grief to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh drove her away. Derek Jacobi is amazing as a fragile Claudius, whose deceit and treachery sets all these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for this role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caregiving mother who does not realize what's going on until the end of the game. Classical actors are cast in bit sections (Judi Dench is for all 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly no one accepts it; Everybody gives them everything and shows it. Special mention must be made of Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little stupid, but it's not bad (his part is quite small). Nevertheless, it is undoubtedly the Branagh show. He edited one of the most famous history in history, and he made the whale project; it's impressive to have done it, but the fact that the movie is so good is a monumental success. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be Shakespeare's scholar who could enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to spend, but Branagh and his cast understand. "Hamlet" is still extremely enjoyable when sitting and listening to actors bringing great dialogue and excellent acting. This must be seen for everyone and everyone. It may take four hours, but it is definitely worth it.
