First of all, what I did not like. The performance was not in line with the Hamlet standard. Branag was really over the top, mostly screaming. In my opinion, these actors, who were not celebrities of great names, generally did a better job; even though I would like Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And also Charlton Heston, but I was not sure if he played for hack.) Many of the ambiguities in the game were clearly solved in one way in backgammon reports. I think very speaking in favor of this game is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people today; many people do not even try to try because they have the reputation of serious literature and archaic English. If he sees this film, he will understand at least one interpretation of the game. They will see more of it as Shakespeare's viewers saw: sword and fight, powerful kings and nobles, murder, incest and evil schemes and spirits - and great art if they care about it, but in Shakespeare's day he did nothing more than most people. Branagh's overturning and his compulsion to interpret the story of the audience may somewhat worsen the art of Shakespeare, but it is better for a modern audience to get a piece rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> "I have to say one more thing." Some people complain that "it's set in the 19th century and it was not the Shakespearean period." Well, in Shakespeare's time, their costume and scenery were their own day for Shakespeare may have said it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or anything else, but he did not conceal his characters like them, he used the costumes of his time, for the same reason his plays are full of anachronism, for example in English and French King Jan has cannons - Robin Hood day, Julius Caesar talks about chimneys that were not invented for another thousand years, and Henry IV talks about Machiavelli not yet born, so I think this objection is stupid - you can also complain that the game is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, right?).
