It's still school age and I have to teach Shakespeare almost constantly over the last four years (which is very bad for every writer, no matter how good) I did not expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher did it; I thought it would be a typical English lesson movie: bad acting, terribly shot, ill-treated, and dreadful terrible old dialogue, so you know I was ready to go out of the way. But I was looking at it, and in my thrill I found myself not only in the attention but also in the film. This production of Hamlet is perhaps one of the best dramatic movies I have seen for a long time and really brings to life what I expect Shakespeare wanted his plays to be (well, except that it was a cinema) much better than my English teacher who has argued over the text at all. The story is good, the dialogue seems to be smooth with an unexpected grace that is far boring (though it's a bit hard to keep up with if you are not used to the Shakespearin language) and even the smallest parts are practiced with a skill you would not expect; perhaps because of the amazing number of cameras in this movie. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as great as you would expect these two veterans to be in such small parts as Robin Williams as Oscar and Billy Crystal as Gravedigger who really stand out and give so little parts unexpected taste as well comic reliefs in the midst of tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars are, of course, also amazing. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain needed for the role but also a kind of sardonic atmosphere that plays beautifully in comic scenes so the whole movie is much more attentive. The other major players are also good, but it's Kenneth Branagh, who stands over his head and shoulders over his head. <br /> <br /> The sets are also quite stunning, a refreshing change of the old castle corridor that we are used to seeing in Shakespeare's productions, as well as a real sense of the surrounding landscape. Of course, the film, which was shot as a movie in itself, is not without mistakes, but without any significant (stepping is the only real problem that I can think of as unauthorized, as well as a prose for anyone who was not used, as I said, -spanish language), and especially when compared to Shakespeare's performance I'm used to seeing in the classroom, it's really great. I even thought about my previous typical teenage attitude towards Shakespeare that his plays are boring (I have come to the conclusion that these are not boring games, only the teachers who present them in the classroom). If only they played all their games on movies like this, English students at schools could have a higher opinion of Bard everywhere. <br /> <br /> Overall 7/10
