What ambitious project Kenneth Branagh has done here and how well it has been realized! This is the first film version of Hamlet that uses the entire text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not do it just because "there was." I believe his intention was to make the game entertaining and comprehensible to ordinary viewers without having to talk. In return, he asks the audience to give themselves a little work, a fairly just offer and a contract. <br /> <br /> This setting is a European generation of the 19th century and it does more than work well, maintaining a modern or ancient view of any departure from work itself. Production design and cinematography, both excellent, which helps immensely in watching a four-hour film. Branagh casting is once again inspired, and acting is as well. Direction achieves a difficult task to do this film rather than the deluxe version of the game. Since so many "Hamlets" are based on a monologue in the interior and there are quite a few duels, battles, etc. It can be a challenging task. But everything that Branagh is trying to do seems to work. Branagh has always been one of the most intriguing actors / writers / directors, if not always the best, since he has done a great splash with Henry V. "One interview I had with me was what I saw as a tendency sometimes sometimes Hamlet can not be accused of it, but there is a method in the work, let's say Hamlet is not easy for an ordinary person, and if someone has never seen him before, he should need help, even if he read Hamlet has most of the lines of Shakespeare character, and Branagh cares for his viewers to know what this man thinks and feels throughout the movie, even if you do not know the literal meaning of any mysterious word. "Branagh was at least worth the Oscar nomination. There are so many other excellent performances that there are almost too many to mention, but some of them have to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is excellent, but even took the back seat for Kate Winslet when he comes to giving praise. Her portrait of Ophelie is amazing in the depth of her sensation, which is only remarkable due to the knowledge that at that time she was only 20 years old! She looks to me as the best young actress. Other top performances are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz. Honorable mention is Julie Christie, Charlton Heston, and Robin Williams, who can successfully do their thing. Even Billy Crystal works as a tomb. One cast member who is not inexplicably Jack Lemmon. In the very opening scene, and while the other three actors do a great job in setting a tense mood, Lemmon sounded as if he was just passing the test line as a favor. You know it must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, because everything else about movies says he is a perfectionist. <br /> <br /> Do not be embarrassed when you talk about a four-hour film, but it seems too long. Some monologues and interviews tend to go on a bit if I can be so brave and a little wise pruning would be welcome. Did I forget anything other than Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did. In short, I summarized that Kenneth Branagh may have made the definitive film version of 'Hamlet' and it will be a truly monumental production that culminates in this.
