Moonchild is a very difficult film to sort out. It is the easiest thing to think of as a few pictures of the life of two central characters. The fact that these characters are street members who are in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not exclude them from having moments like other people, and that is one of the places where this movie is different from anything else I've ever heard about. It does not happen that one of the main characters is a vampire, it is something that has to be solved like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks to make it look good that they just do not work, leaving the movie a beautiful feeling that it does not take too much of it for the most part. <br /> <br /> <br /> Another area that I really excel is the languages. The fictional town of Mallepa contains different cultural groups and characters speak the language from which they are expected to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese to each other but Chinese when speaking with characters of Chinese origin. Perhaps the most amazing exchange includes Australian and is in English. The actors of the four likely main characters have three separate mother tongues and speak different levels of each of them, so it's pretty good to feel that the movie was made at all. I suppose it brings me to the main actors. There was a lot of the film that made two of the biggest Japanese rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether to praise them for acting or to criticize or simply fangirl about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best in playing a straight and realistic character. However, any lack of ability to act on Gackt's side is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is prone to excessive drama. I was not sure if the character of Hyde was so suggestive and sarcastic as he had come across, but in fact it did not damage the film anyway. There are several scenes that have a rather melodramatic turn, which has made me very difficult to influence (though it does not seem to stop a lot of people). I found it best if you enjoyed the movie and did not take it too seriously - it is ideal for traveling and watching with a group of friends. It has its own mistakes, but overall it was very nice and I would highly recommend it to anyone who does not mind having several subtitles.
