Based on Gackt's idea, Moon Child was hosted in a country afflicted with poverty called Malleppa. In the futuristic timeline, the story followed the lives of two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt), and their friends grew up together. In spite of some acts, it could be too finished or perhaps humorous, I firmly believed it was a film about friendship. Even between all the hardships between each character, eventually each of them wanted to have someone on his side to have friends. Unlike most vampire figures, Kei portrayed a vampire who threatened the idea of ​​having to kill to live. The vampire found friendship in the young boy's hand, Sho, who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what one thought, I see Kei as the father's Sho. Kei was there in Sho's previous life, taking care of him and teaching him to live in a world where the power between the gangs directs their lives. On the other hand, Sho, who can be considered an innocent enthusiastic young man, grew up as a man who realized that life was not just a fun and playful game that death exists, and it can bring off your loved ones. I like the part where Lee Hom, the actor who played the Son, first appeared. The way they met was really cool. The son also has a great role to play in this film, the fact that he is from another race, Taiwanese, has had a pretty good influence on the subject of friendship in the movie. The way friendship developed in spite of the differences in the background was greatly rendered in this film. I believed that each actor did a great job because they first appeared in such a great screening movie. Both HYDE and Gackt managed to act quite well and created quite credible characters. Unlike the films that the musician turned the actors and filled the film with songs, they did great acting! Moon Child really worked for me, gave my friends a new meaning and consideration that we must appreciate every friendship in our lives. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems that hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship among themselves, even though the Son became an enemy, Sho had some "fun" in their last battle. Each of them eventually required peace, no matter how far they become. The final scene showed us.
