"Invisible Ray" is a part of science fiction and a part of horror. It was also the third of the seven characteristics of Karloff / Lugosi. In this introduction Boris Karloff plays the dominant role. Dr. Janos Rukh (Karloff), through his specially designed astronomical equipment, demonstrates to his colleagues Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), Sir Frances Stevens (Walter Kingsford), his wife Lady Stevens (Beulah Bondi) and their nephew Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton) that a meteorite containing a strong element has been in the past for many million years on the African continent. Rukh will appeal to his guests who are urging him to accompany them on an expedition to Africa to find a mysterious element. Rukh himself leaves and discovers the place where the meteorite landed, and the element he calls "Radium X". Due to Rukhu's long absence, his pretty young wife, Diana (Frances Drake), becomes Drak attracted and both fall in love. Meanwhile, Rukh is contaminated by Radio X until the moment anyone touches, he immediately dies. Contamination causes his skin to radiate a bright glow in the dark. <br /> <br /> Rukh goes to Benet for help. Benet suggests an antidote that, if taken daily, will provide temporary immunity to the element. The deadly element also unfortunately influences Rukh's brain and slowly transforms it into a killer murderer. While Rukh continues his work, Sir Frances takes the news of the discovery back to France. Diana and Ronald accompany him. When Benet informs him of this action, Rukh accuses the party of betraying him and his discovery and secretly planning his revenge. When he returns to France, he will learn about the healing power of Radia X, how to cure his mother's blindness (Violet Kemble Cooper) and Benet's work in treating his patients' illnesses. But the madness of Rukhu intensifies. First, he murders an innocent man named Rukh. After hearing Rukh's death, Diana and Ronald got married. This upsets Rukha and begins to avenge five other expedition members. Once in the night, he catches him in a trap set by Benet and ........... Karloff is excellent in the lead role, ranging from a happily married ambitious scientist to a nasty maniac. Lugosi has a one-off role and does what he can with a limited part. <br /> <br /> At 79 minutes this film was the second longest of the six co-operating Karloff / Lugosi. Karloff's film all the way.
