The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees the departure from Poe and science fiction. Karloff plays Dr. Jana Rukha, a creator of devices that can capture light rays through their telescopes in the Carpathians and transform them into images that make up the visual history of the universe. Several guests, including Lugosi as Doctor Benet, an astro-chemist who previously listened to Rukh's theory, demonstrate the existence of an unknown radio element, here called "Radium X," contained in a meteor that fell on Earth in the darkest Africa thousands of years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theory, but Radium X is a tricky mixture - balancing the mountains over long distances and curing blindness for a short distance. But Rukh is careless and I drive alone, shining in the darkness like the old Ready Breck ads! Dr. Benet is on hand to design radiation for radiation, but the combination of poison and drug is ruled by Rukh madly paranoid. Believing he was deceived, he looks for members of the expedition in Paris, including his estranged woman and his very touch, while in his radioactive state it is death ... Along the way, we get old pseudo-scientific thoughts that the eyes of a dead person record the image of their murderer a different Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt sculptures representing the members of the expedition. And even the touch of James Whale in a Paris boy! Invisible Ray is a great fun, except for the Gothic opening it's interesting to see Universal move events to Africa and Paris. The film lacks the tempo but is always absorbed. Karloff is a bit overtaking his performance, but Lugosi is amazing. Universal used the basic story line in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a brilliant threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a far more crazy doctor than Lugosi. An invisible ray is a dark and clever little movie that has a lot to admire. Not as famous as other universal horrors, but it works and is very fun.
