The horror gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any genre lover to watch the film, and though it is the most convincing, they are not the only reason to watch this little Sci-Fi / Horror gem. While Lambert Hillyer's "Invisible Ray" from 1936 barely shares the brilliance of other contemporary films with Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Frankenstein", "Mummy", ...) or Lugosi ("White Lost Soul Island" ", ...), or both (" Black Cat "," Raven ", ...), it is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie that no lover of iconocalism ought to consider compared to other Universal Horror films, the story seems to be a rather stupid but beautiful way. "Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film is also profiting from great scenery and superb photography. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique that looks into the past with a telescope, discovers that the meteor had landed thousands of years ago. The stunning invention of Rukh was the celebrated French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), urges him to join the expedition to find the meteor. Rukh makes a discovery that is capable of bringing great charity and great destruction ... It is a bit strange that Karloff, who was in fact Brit, plays the Hungarian scientist while Lugosi, a Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual . As for me, these two horror deities would probably be filmed by reading the phone book and I'm sure they would do something out of it-either man is an icon of the Horror genre, and see them being treated with every fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Frances Drake is a very good female lead in the role of beautiful young woman Dr Rukh. The rest of the performance is also good, if not worth mentioning. In addition to the filming of Karloff and Lugosi, the atmosphere is most likely to be the atmosphere thanks to superb settings and photography, as well as a beautifully cheesy and very entertaining storyline. My main complaint is that I wish Lugosi had more time on the screen and that his role was a bit more important. He's fantastic as ever, but his role could be bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, the "Invisible Ray" is a wonderful fun movie that should satisfy any Horror / Sci-Fi fan of the classic film and must be seen by all my Lugosi / Karloff fans.
