The story of Ned Kelly was in myth and exaggerated exaggeration, and this film is no exception. What Ned Kelly has a lasting place in history is the effort that went into getting him even against the shocks the police hunted him. During several battles, he set out on the plates of fired iron, from which the bullets at the time of the policemen would be harmless. In fact, it was just because there were several bright sparks between the Victorian police who noticed that he was not watching his legs, being captured and hanged. The story has been told in schools and the history of Australia so long that some permutations of the story have become ironically ironic. The more the stories attempt to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention. Which adaptation of our sunshine, a novel about the legend of Kelly, stands out. Rather than trying to portray Ned Kelly, who is just as merciless as the armor he wore, the film will quickly show him as a human being. The true popularization of the legend that shows the corruption of the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of the colonists is really a long way to make the film stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being who lives in a time and place where, to be convicted of murder, he must have been closest to the body when the policeman discovered him. No, I will not. The only place where the film is missing is the exaggeration of Irish versus the English mental battle. While gang Kelly was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people of almost wildly varied nationalities have mixed up almost without problems (a scene with some Chinese migrants that highlights it). Heath Ledger does an amazing job featuring Australia's most famous outlaw. It is precisely because of the glory he has found in other films that audiences know they are watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom finally found a role in which he does not look completely lost without a bow, and Geoffrey Rush's appearance as the leader of the Glenrowan police contingent shows why he is one of the most respected actors in this desolate little island of State. But it's Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, who gets a bit of annoyance in this movie. Although the film basically suggests that Cook was essentially a woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you would not know that from the minimum time on the screen that came here. Indeed, many of the hundreds of minutes of the movie feel better dried than reconnaissance. As soon as the element of police corruption is in place, they actually shoot the movies so fast that they almost feel hurt. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's strengths are not capitalized. Rush barely gets more screen time than his name does in opening and closing credits. That's why Watts and the rest of the cast look a bit like dummy. I can only conclude that it might take fifteen or even thirty minutes of recording. However, this leads to another problem because the lack of any depth or background of characters other than the title hero leaves the story of a zero-impact story. One scene can handle the speech well, but unfortunately it will become a collage of moments unconnected after some time. If one believed the impression created by this film, it's a matter of weeks, even days, between Ned Kelly's becoming a sought-after person - one of the corrupt officers and the infamous shootings at Glenrowan. Annoyingly, the trial and execution of Ned Kelly is not even shown here, it simply refers to the subtitles before going to the title. <br /> <br /> This tells, apart from the recent restless work with the camera, Ned Kelly can show some exciting transitions and has a good start. That's why I called it seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind, so if you do not shoot the shootings with unusual elements (and what could be a lot unusual for armored armor in a colonial shootout?), Then you might be better off looking elsewhere. Especially if you want more stuff about Ned Kelly's life.
