Okay, make a note of the people who make these legends together with the horror of the DVD collection: I am really grateful and I very much support this initiative, but? did you even watch movies before you chose them as part of a collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supportive and irrelevant role ("The Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi collection, and it's actually Boris Karloff, who overshadows Bela! That would actually be a great title for the Boris Karloff collection instead! The character of Bela Lugosi is quite possibly the most appropriate and serious one he has ever performed throughout his career, and the good old Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist. "Invisible beam" contains three main chapters. The first one, located in the Carpathian Castle, Dr. Jana Rukha, is quite boring and requires a lot of patience for the viewer, but of course the character drawings and the subject that is being discussed are crucial for the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to several excellent colleagues (including Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays within his own facility. Scientists are honest about his work and are calling on Rukha and his beautiful wife, Diane, for an expedition in the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Rukh isolates from the group, discovers a basic element of "Radium X" to complete his medical beam, and after complete conversion to the meteorite itself goes completely the opposite. The third and last thing is, of course, the best and the most terrible because it revolves around a good old killing spree with genius tricks (melting sculptures) and a surprising culmination. Karloff shines in the darkness and persuades others to steal his discovery and even his life, intends to remove them with his deadly touch. The narrative structure of the "Invisible Beam" sounds rather complicated, but the movie is easy to watch and entertain. The story is rather exhausted, yet appealing, and director Lambert Hillyer provides several moments of utter tension. Boris Karloff is really fantastic, and so is Lugosi even though he deserves to have a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are the main elements of the film, along with the funky pictures of the shining Boris.
