Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but overall (interestingly) Karloff is usually a better person. The real exception is Black Cat (1934), where Karloff plays with the evil head of a devil's cult, and Lugosi is looking for revenge for destroying his life. But more frequent is "black Friday" where (whatever its motif) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In "Raven", Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who exhorts Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff is finally enough. Rarely, they are both negative characters completely. In The Body Snatcher, Karloff Lugosi kills, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. The only exception, when they are both extremely sympathetic but cross-purposes, is the film from 1936, which I think seldom accepted some of the other films I mentioned. In it, Karloff's doctor, Janos Rukh, is a heavily controlled scientific genius, which the "official scientific community" bothered because of his theory that the precious form of Radia is in Nigeria on a meteorite that landed centuries ago. Finally, he received the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife, Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane (Frances Drake) and friend and protector Stevens called Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that perhaps he is looking for wisdom, he should not and can end up in a tragedy. He's trying to reject it, but he's concerned about what he's saying, his scientific standing and whether or not he's going to show up. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds a substance but is infected by his remarkable radioactivity. He found himself slowly burning, and if he tried to touch people or animals, they would die. In fact, he built a friendship or understanding with Benet, who quantifies the type of radioactive cocktail that Rukh uses to suppress this danger. But there are two things that are unmatched here. The antidote may only take some time and must be supplemented. And radioactivity affected Ruuk's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately Sir Francis and Lady Arabella) and is equally upset that (because he had to pretend to have died - the effects of radioactivity are like that) Benet and several others gather wonders of wonders "Radium X" gives a person. Soon Rukh is murderous, destroying many lives and ending with his own. The film has certainly raised science to a great extent. Madame Curie recently died of the cancer she had received for working with Radio. He barely understood the danger of radioactivity in 1936, but some thought came out. Rukh's killer wave causes the newspaper to talk about the "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (on the African continent) for hidden treasures buried several centuries ago, funded by the English captain, we entered archeology, not physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to cope with the cause of a series of deaths and returns to the idea that was actually demolished in England in 1888. During the Whitechapel murder, Sir Charles Warren ordered that the retina of some dead victims were photographed to see if the last image on the networks was Jack Ripper. It turned out to have only photographs of retinas from dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899 and is used by Dr. Benet. Because this is a science fiction story, he finds a picture of Rukh on a plate, but Benet leaves a record and breaks. The film is good in many places, the most interesting is that the change of Karloff and Lugosi are not against each other. In this story, there is a type of tragic fatalism that is missing from other films. Other performances are good, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as a terrifying sister, Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield." Here is the ultimate act the only way to put an end to this tragedy and who can say it did not hurt her more than her goal.
