There is no doubt that during the decade of the 1930s, the names Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a guarantee of outstanding performances in high quality horror films. After being the "first monster" of Universal in classical classical "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became inherited by a terrible villain by his elegant style and his foreign accent (sadly this last factor led to the fact that he was in the 1940s). In the same way Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" transformed him into a man to look for a good monster. Of course, it was natural that these icons ended up sharing the screen and the movie that linked them was 1934 "The Black Cat". This formula would be repeated in several films over the course of a decade, and Lambert Hillyer's horror and science fiction mix, "The Invisible Ray," is another of the smaller classics that they did in those years. <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray, Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a great scientist who invented a device capable of showing scenes of the past of our planet captured in the rays of light coming from the Andromeda galaxy. While presenting his inventions to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), finds that thousands of years ago the meteor hit Nigeria. After this amazing discovery, Dr. Rukh has decided to join his colleagues on an expedition to Africa and look for a landing meteor. This expedition will not be beneficial to Rukha because his wife, Diane (Frances Drake), falls in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter brought to Stevens to help them on the expedition. However, Rukh loses more than his wife in this way because he will change forever after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. Written by John Colton (who previously made the script for The Werewolf from London), "Invisible Ray" had its roots in the original sci-fi story of Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since it was a film with Karloff and Lugosius, Colton put a lot of emphasis on the horrifying side of his story, he plays very effectively with the mad scientist's archetype and adds a good dose of melodrama to spice things up. One element that makes "Invisible Ray", which stands among other horror films of that time, is the way Colton plays with a moral story. This means that in the classic style there are no heroes and villains, but people who decide and later face the consequences of these decisions. In many ways, the "invisible beam" is a modern tragedy about obsession, guilt, and vengeance. The enchanting director of low-budget films B, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer has been able to shoot three Universal Pictures films where the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Thanks to limited resource experience, Hillyer's films have always been very good looking despite budget constraints, and the "Invisible Ray" was no exception. While not far from the stylish Gothic atmosphere of previous universal horror films, Hillyer's film effectively captures the essence of Colton's script because it gives this film a dark and morbid mood more in line with pulp romance than straightforward science fiction. Finally, it has to be said how Hillyer uses special effects: for a film with an extremely low budget they look much better than those found in several movie movies of the era. <br /> <br /> The film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performance of this legend are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect when portraying a man who is so blind with his devotion to his work that he does not see the evil he is unleashing. As his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is just a joy to watch, steal every scene in which he is, and show what an underestimated actor is. As the wife of Rukh, Francesa Drake is extremely effective, really helping her figure become more than a girl in distress. Still, two of the film events are Kemble Cooper's performances as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as two actresses spend the rest of the screen as much as possible, not forgetting their supporting roles. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but nothing is surprising when compared to the rest of the cast. If one is considering this film according to today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss as another cheap science fiction film with bad special effects and carefree confused pseudoscience. That would be a mistake, for despite its low budget, it is remarkably good for its time. On top of that, given that the film was made when the nuclear era began and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, the notions of the dangers of radioactivity are terribly accurate. One last thing that's worth mentioning is the interesting way scenarios are working on relationships between characters, especially friendship and rivalry between obsessive doctor Rukh and cold doctor Benet because it allows great scenes between two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> While there is nowhere near the Gothic Expressionism of Frankenstein movies, nor the elegant tension of Black Cats, Lambert Hillyer's "Invisible Ray" is certainly a secondary classic among Universal Pictures catalogs of horror films. With one of the most exciting horror scenarios of the 1930s, this mixture of tension, horror and sci-fi is one of the seriously underestimated gems that even now add a good dose of fun to two of the most amazing horror genres: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
