Karloff and Lugosi - This again! This is one of the films that occasional fans go through and tend to not value so much. It's not a feature-length horror movie like the previous two hits duo, The Black Cat and The Raven. But he is very fond of the talents of both people and it's a fun movie when he's visited again. The invisible ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who became mainly Western, but curiously in the last days of Laemmle's government in Universal, he found it a helmet and Laemmles' last horror film, Dracula's daughter. Both are sharp, pure fantasies that, despite the fantastic elements, are very light to the horror content. Just like Lugosi went wild in The Raven, it must be said that Karloff is hamming in the Invisible Ray. One aspect of the story, which is particularly unsatisfactory, is that Karloff's character, Rukh, is acting so madly than Radio X poisoned that there really is not much change there when he lights up. This is very similar to the complaints that people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - It's basically a loony from the very beginning. There is no real transformation. The same here. Midway through, Karloff just intends to avenge his mind. I still liked his performance, just as I did Lugosi's persuasive reputation in The Raven. Meanwhile, Lugosi is completely surprised and gives a thoughtful and thoughtful turn as Rukh's rival in science, Doctor Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the movie, including an unforgettable police alert trying to capture Rukha, which I am in line with author Horror writer John Soister - "And if (Rukh) touches someone?" the inspector asked. Lugosi replied hesitantly that Lugosi could only say, "They will die." Just as Lugosi could have been so far away, he could be even better than any other actor. That's one of those moments. <br /> <br /> That's why the interaction between Karloff and Lugos is very good when we get a mad scam Karloff, who leaned on the cool Lugosi logic. Karloff should play crazy fellow scientists many times, but he wished Lugosi to get into more equal roles like this one. He had only one chance (Ninotchka). The invisible ray is a fun movie and a real experience for fans of the real Karloff and Lugosi. It's one of the movies that improves in every look, not because it's a masterpiece, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars, and how this story complements the darker and more menacing pairings they had. Special effects, always innovative John Fulton , Frances Drake looks just as beautiful as Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something seldom seen in classical horror films The scene at the end when Karloff turns her down and she does not say it is one of the most enjoyable moments in the movie. Great, funny movie!
