After lending this movie from the local library a few weeks ago that she intended to see originally, or a few days after the Memorial Day, I finally met Sayonara this morning. In this Marlon Brando, Major Lloyd plays "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who was raised in a way that was transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) comfortably happens. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his men, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), from a married Japanese woman, Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), because it violates the military laws of fraternization. With a novel about him and Eileen about shots, however, Ace will not only become the best man at the Joe and Katsumi weddings, but after his release and Captain Mike Bailey, the musician Han-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself goes with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen seems to have fantasies for one of Kabuki, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban) artists. I will stop there and say that it was a revolutionary drama about prejudices about American-Asian Romanesque relationships, which were very much concerned from start to finish. Even not to see Hispanic Montalban playing oriental is not too embarrassing (although it's a good thing his part is short). And there are some nice shots of humor, like Brand's head, which has hit the top of Button and Umeki's doors several times. Red and Miyoshi deserve their Oscars, especially the Reds, with their defiant and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before being cast in his legendary role on "Marverick," is in his script with Brando and Miiko Taka with great restraint in its original characterization as anti-American. While I read that there are some changes from James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josh Logan, who previously received another Michener's work in the Broadway music band "South Pacific" and finally did it in the movie, does not remain faithful to the original source. Certainly he gave some inspiration to the end scenes that caused the plot to be somewhat needed in this film. Some of the serial numbers may have a movie a bit long, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful learning experience from the 1950s that penetrated America and Japan at the time.
