James Micher's books, which take readers to distant places with strange sounding names, were probably the most popular in the 1940s and 1950s. His stories about the South Pacific have become a major hit for Broadway for Rodgers & Hammerstein. South Pacific was directed by Joshua Logan and was a natural film adaptation of another Michener's success, Sayonar. It was only ten years before American movies during the Second World War were singing out Japanese kindly. I am sure that for the people who fought the Pacific War it was not easy to change attitudes overnight. This and the general policy of brotherhood with the occupied nations are generally at the heart of this story of interracial romance. Sayonara is a relevant movie today. The army has always embarked on the personal life of its employees in a way that no civilian employer could legally escape. In America, when Sayonara was issued, laws of miscegenation were still in force in many states. Today gays in the army are a big deal. Someone can one day make Sayonar's film about this problem. Joshua Logan was well-known. South Pacific also had racism as part of its conspiracy. With a hand, Logan gathered a great cast and created a beautiful story. Marlon Brando, Patricia Owens, James Garner, Kent Smith some western players do a great job. But the picture is alienated by orientals here. Miko Taka will hit the brand beautifully as Brandov's interest in love. But the real stars are the two, which both support the Oscars, Red Knobs and Miyoshi Umeki. Buttons are all members of the Air Force. She falls in love with Katsumi, played by Miyoshi Umeki. They marry and the troops cruelly do everything in their power to break them. They suppose they know what's best for Buttons and Umeki. Buttons was a television comedian and a good talent, but he never played a role as he did for the rest of his career. And Oscar Miyoshi Umeki was the first to be dedicated to the Oriental. She received great attention because at the time of the academic prizes, Miyoshi played on Broadway in Flower Drum Song. I was privileged to see Broadway, it was the first Broadway show I've ever seen. I still remember him. <br /> <br /> That Oscar symbolized something else. Our war with Japan was really over and we saw in Sayonara a great nation with a proud tradition and culture. Ricardo Montalban plays Nakamura, the actor of Kabuki Theater. If Sayonara happened today, Logan would never lose it. But Montalban is all right. <br /> <br /> Good location and great story. This film should be revived more often, with great morale.
