Because I read bad reviews and told my friends that they could not believe how bad it was, I did not go to see this movie in the cinema. After watching DVD, I must say I regret it now. I'm not saying it's great, but I'd like to say it's a good movie. I liked it. People have skulls stronger than Ned's helmet, if they are making such a film and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the current history of most of the films based on historical figures, there is usually a huge difference between reality and fictional portraits. I do not think that Ganghis Kahn was ever portrayed even remotely from the historical fact. What a man Ned Kelly actually was a question of debate and it seems quite passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly became a legend. Legends are stories and stories telling as much as possible about those who say and obey them, as well as about the person himself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it represents this aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no disagreement or call for authority is more crazy and more dangerous than any bushranger. So I do not expect it to be an accurate recapitulation of the historical Kelly gang, actually I found it surprisingly found an unencumbered and refreshing movie. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately, nowhere was it as deep as it might be; for my near Australia, watch "The Lighthorseman" and see what I mean (it's a shame that this story is treated so badly). Perhaps the love trade could be left a little more detailed in other areas, like shooting soldiers. Ironically, I actually enjoyed this film because it would be the details that would mostly focus on Ned's story. And they are the details of the story that are best revealed when reading different opinions of different historians. This movie has always been a tough time when it compromised that it appeals to the global film market (paying pills) and the legend, as it means Australia; Maybe a bit of Ned's spirit is in this movie because I think he rebelled against the expectations of the people and unfortunately lost both goals. Fortunately it was for a nice movie. It was an unexpected film about Ned for me and that's why I liked him. Orlando Bloom's performance too much for the movie - really added something. I think he would like to be a monster instead of a nice elf for change. When you think about other movies that are far worse than this, you should think again about this film. Send me on a Christmas DVD rather than Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River anytime.
