It must have been a few years after his release, so I do not know why it was in the movies. But as a child, I enjoyed it. I just found the VHS cassette Superman and Mole Men on the blister market and decided to watch it again (it was many years ago). I did not expect much, and now I knew how B movies were shot at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film very attentive and to treat all the outstanding ones. The usual deal with these types of films leaves a lot of work. Surprisingly, writing was not bad. Forget that Superman was going out of sequence and he could kick all his fingers at the beginning because the story would end, right? OK, costume costumes were hokey and they were not scary (I did not even feel like a baby). However, given the likely low budget background and costumes, it was a job that everyone has done well. I recognized the sheriff immediately as The Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and a lot of supporting roles in TV westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old Pop and was always a great actor in more movies than I could count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were known faces from other films as well. Did you recognize that old doctor as the captain of the ship who went to get King Kong? Did you recognize a little girl who ball balls like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of them were also famous. Jerry Maren played McCeese Mayor for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was Munchkin, who gave Dorothy a lollipop, was on the Seifeld episode, and a lot of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clift Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends he met with a star in the Incredible Shrinking Man who was involved in a movie that I fortunately caught on a fleeting market called My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and many other parts - a great actor. John Brambury was also Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was undoubtedly amazing in that part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a great job to play a strong man. The smallest thing I've said is the movie that is worth watching for the cast and the writing when I deal with the nice idea of ​​the film. But it was the 1950s and everything was possible from the intruders from the universe to the dead men from the interior. It's definitely worth seeing, there's no bad actor in the band. Whoever put the band together was very, very fortunate enough to get so many gifted actors into the Type B movie. Some had a wealth of experience and some were about to get rich experience - but they were all gifted. So if you have the chance to see the movie, forget about boring costumes and just enjoy excitement and acting. Is that a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good, old-fashioned movie is looking forward!
