Following on Watergate, a number of plot films such as this, written by Adam Kennedy (based on his novel), appeared. Gene Hackman plays former Vietnamese veteran 'Roy Tucker', a loser who has wounded in jail. He receives visits from Marvin Tagge (Richard Widmark), who claims to represent an organization to help ill-convicted people. They offer him the freedom and, despite a suspicious tag, he accepts. But he brings along with fellow colleagues named Spivent (Mickey Rooney). Exactly because it's hard to see because Spivent is an irritating little man who Tucker fools with a lasting talk about sex and not what you want to hear when you're behind the grid. Tagged benefactors kill Spivet before Tucker's amazing eyes. He reunited with wife Ellie (Candice Bergen) and gave a new identity (strangely does not try to change his appearance, it will be the beginning of shaving), he settled down but found out that there was a mistake - Tagge wants Tucker to do nothing less than assassinate the president Of the United States. He refuses, so Tagge has Ellie kidnapped ... <br /> <br /> Here I leave a synopsis, but I'm sure you can guess the others. The script has plenty of holes to read the book (pure trick!). People who represent Tagge are never revealed. This means that the killing of J.F.K. Despite the findings of The Warren Commission, doubts about whether Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone persist to this day. This was Stanley Kramer's first film in years, and while no Turkey, it is missing John Frankenheimer 'The Manchurian Candidate' or Alan J.Pakula 'The Parallax View'. As a leftist conspiracy film, she tends to skirt around an object rather than treat it. I prefer right-wing people - they're more fun! "Domino" has the appearance and impression produced for T.V. film and boasts what must be the easiest prison getaway in the history of the film without mentioning the ending of the classic Michael Caine 'Get Carter'. What makes this observable are Gene Hackman and Richard Widmark. The one who sadly died at the beginning of this year is great as the mysterious Tagge, who initially seems to be operative until he also resigns mercilessly, and begins a chain of deaths to remove all traces of evidence as one by one the perpetrators of this evil conspiracy fall - just like a domino. Like Tucker, an innocent pawn, Hackman is amazing. You have to wonder why he chose to hide out in such an obvious place. In his shoes I would run to the other side of the world where she would get out of those fanatics. Hackman's love scene with Bergen slows the conspiracy, and it's almost a relief when she gets it. It is also supposed that the producers are thinking, which explains why it opens with a bizarre breakthrough, in which the whole idea of ​​the film - expressed by British actor Patrick Allen - is told - to warn the audience that they are "out" and that "they" us. Comedian Les Dawson later spoofed this opening in his B.B.C. show 'The Dawson Watch'. <br /> <br /> Mickey Rooney previously worked with Kramer on his 'Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World'. His scene of "death" resembles a shot of this painting, and the actor looks as if someone has been hurrying him to be shot. <br /> <br /> Writer's films were used only on the left, but now it's true that we are also getting to the act. Last year it turned out that the "acceptance of freedom", the absurd loophole of lies and half-truths concerning Tony Blair's government, was a British response to "Reefer Madness." At least "Domino" had beautiful Candice Bergen. Chris Ankins's best movie could have been offered by Anne Widdecombe! "Prince Domino" was surprisingly shot by Sir Lew Grade, the legendary British television tycoon for "The Saint," "Jesus of Nazareth," and "The Muppet Show." He collaborated with Adam Kennedy again in 1980 on "Raise The Titanic!", Whose failure was so great that he sank Grade's ambition to be a new Louis B.Meyer. To be rather open, I would not exclude the possibility of plotting.
