I looked at it either on HBO or on Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid 90's when my parents signed up for these channels. Several times I met in different parts and it was always dark, bizarre and fascinating. At that time I was young, in the early teens; and years after I discovered the great Arliss Howard and blew "Big Bad Love," I bought the DVD "Wilder Napalm" and watched her again with my girlfriend for the first time for many years. I totally loved it! I was really impressed and influenced. There are so many dynamic complications and clever fluids in motion cameras and cinematography. which all perfectly blend with intelligent, intense and instant chemistry between the three drivers, their story, music and all the other actors. It's really "Cinematic". I like the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, ambivalent power and hidden intelligence, I am a great fan of everything he does; and his coincidence with Debra Winger's manic joy (they are, of course, married) has a magical charming reality behind the camera. (I wonder if they are watching wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it, it's brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid in full clown makeup , slanting, sloping, hidden and shown by selecting shots and full blooming delivery is such a pure dark movie magic that you do not see too often. Quaid always had a sinister quality for me, with the huge slit behind his blinking eyes, who leaned to relax as a malicious spell or a devilish strange (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have a mad fire over their eyes to pull their amazing intense inner pistol shields in a dark, cool fashion. In fact, the whole film has dark cool energy and hip intensity. It's a really fantastic film, composed of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all interested parties. I really can not imagine how it was funded, and it seems to me a dear, so conventional system without imagination, but thank god movies like this slip through the system once in a while. Great with all its bright carnival colors, intelligence of hips, dark twisted true humor and fascinating chorus reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... Now it's a compliment in my book!
