At the top of the Celebrity Big Brother racism series in 2007 (in connection with Shilpa Shetty and late Jade Goody) I have condemned the "C.B.B." fanciers who praised the show, after years of stormy comics of "racist" 70s such as "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor." I thought they were hypocritical and they said it. "It's not half of the hot mommy" was then put into the argument, with some emphasizing that it played the English actor black-up. Well, yes, but Michael Bates lived in India as a boy and spoke Urdu fluently. The show parades overlook the fact that he brought it as actor 'Rangi Ram'. The noted Indian actor, Renu Setna, in a 1995 documentary "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms," said he was upset when he heard that Bates had come to this role but added: "No Indian actor could play this role just like Bates "Really. <br /> <br /> "Mother" was Perry and Croft's accompanying show "The Army of the Tábor"; also in time of war, the English Walmington-On-Sea English village was replaced by the hot, jungling jungle of India, especially in a place called Deolali, where the military concert party features exhibitions for soldiers, among them Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role from "Doctor In Charge", Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Little Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, Lah de-dah Gunner Graham and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell). The presidency of this group of non-executives was a military sergeant commander, Williams (brilliant Windsor Davies), who all considered them "poofs". His frustration that she could not lead her men into the jungle to fight with the enemy in the battles made him bitter and bullying (though he was handsome with Parkinson, whom he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was always the English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the confused Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like the wise old sage who started each show, talked to the camera, and closed them by quoting the faded Hindu proverbs. He loved being the bearer so much that he was considered to be virtually British. His friends were Teacher Char Wallah (late Dino Shafeek, who went to "Mind Your Language") and the rope pulled by Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). Such real Indians appeared in the show - another point that their criminals ignored. Shafeek also provided what was described as "vocal interruption" (similar to "40 songs used as random music on the" Tatar Army "). Each edition ended with him in order to get rid of the" Land of Hope and Glory " "Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner wrote that" Close "by Jim Williams and Jimmy Perry, although the" dad of the army, "was never popular in public fashion, and" mummy "was still very popular to run eight times. In 1975, Davies and Estelle got into a topographic map with a cover version of the old "Whispering Grass" chestnut, and then recorded an entire album of old chestnut trees called "Sing Lofty!". Bates died of cancer, and instead of reworking the role of "Rangi," the writers just left him quietly forgotten. When George Layton left, the figure of "Gloria" took his place as "Bombadier," which is another source of comedy. The last release in 1981 saw the soldiers leave India for Blighty ships, Char Wallah watched them with great sadness (as did the audience). Rebates were little and far between (mainly British gold), due to its so-called "dodgy" reputation. That's weird. Firstly, the show was not specifically about racism. If the pale man is eclipsed so bad, why did David Lean's 1984 "Walking Into India" show on television? (represented by Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!). This was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experience. Some characters were based on real people (sergeant-major really referred to his men as "poofs"). I think if you're going to make history on TV, do it. Sanitizing the past, no matter how unpleasant the modern audience seems, is fundamentally unfair. "Mum" was fun and true and the audience saw it. Thank you to the skies for D.V.D. End time of this check. As Williams said, "They will not have gossip in this jungle!"
