This war comedy, written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best Dads Army program, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very, very fun. It is a concert band of India. Most of the episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies), who was trying to get the concert party, which he mentioned as a bunch of clouds, to juggle the jungle. He was always unsuccessful because vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and silly Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were great fans of a concert evening. The concert party consisted of Bombadier Solomanse (George Layton), Ginger Gunner's "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), University Pianist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), Singer Gunner "Lofty" Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son was quite bad), the great eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and the animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald) was not Percy Edwards. Also, the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) have been very much involved in the adventure, giving Rama great support. <br /> <br /> The show, like the Dads Army, has left many phrases. Rangi Ram said to Punkah Wallah, "Do not be so smart a dickie," and ended a lot of programs saying, "This is a very old Hindu proverb, for example, when my wife has a relationship with my best friend, it will not stop your house from firing up the fire." But it was Williams mistakes. He would always shout "Shuddup !!!!!", say, "Oh, dear, how sad, it does not matter," and when you talk to Gunner Graham, he always sarcastically speaks with a big accent. <br /> <br /> The show does not have the same recognition as the Dads Army. This is probably caused by the question of taste: this is considered raw. Williams is homophobic to call his man "Puffs", though it is supposed to be said Williams's hole. Also, some people think there is a racial element in humor because Michael Bates was obscured to play Rangi Ram (Bates actually was born in India and spoke Urdu before he spoke English) so the BBC will feel because most people actually they would see the show, they would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone from half of India, and they were not even offended and agreed as I was that it was a very fun show. When I see an episode for the first time, probably laugh more than I do for some other sitcom, but when I see it for the second time, I do not have much laugh, but no matter how many times I see the Dads Army, I've laughed a lot in an episode. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: The Way to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
