"Lion King 1 1/2" is the most entertaining non-theater release from Disney. I recently saw this movie again after seeing it for many years. I remember seeing for the first time that I had no expectations at all, and was pleasantly surprised by this awesome and very entertaining film. Is it better than "Simba's Pride"? In many ways, yes. Although "Simba's Pride" was not entirely bad, she suffered from some problems: a lack of good script and bad characterization, which affected what otherwise is a good film. Anyway: It's nice to see Timon and Pumba's personality bloom again in the way that we (or certainly I) loved in them in this movie; in "Simba's Pride" were totally annoying and I did not like the "Timon and Pumbaa" series. This movie could have been stupid, but fortunately, the filmmakers did not make a bad turn, and instead focused on making the film somewhat extraordinarily cheerful. There are several jokes that adults can enjoy themselves. The score is pretty good. There are two new songs that are catchy and two new characters, Timon's Mum (expressed by Marge Simpson's recognizable Julia Kavner) and Uncle Max, which are nice. The friendship between Timon and Pumbau is painstakingly rendered. Emotional scenes are well integrated into the comic story and do not feel in a place that could be easy (especially in comedies). But is there something that separates this picture from getting 10 votes from me? Yes, it is there. Fortunately, it will not affect much, but I will mention them: 1. Many scenes from the first movie are used in this. It was strange to see the old scenes integrated with the new ones. <br /> <br /> 2. During the climax, some jokes will become chrome. <br /> <br /> 3. The story is Timon's story, and though the filmmakers are trying to incorporate their story into Simby, it makes the script feel a bit hurt. <br /> <br /> But hey, these details do not affect this otherwise fun movie. It's the only really acceptable sequel to Disney, which should be in every movie collection.
