7 if you are a child - 6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-sequel of the Lion King sees to separate the side characters of Timone and Pumba, telling the original story through their eyes, including a story of how they met. In the great Disney tradition, subordinate sequels are made, and occasionally television shows represent the adventures of smaller characters from their greatest hits. You can be as skeptical as you want about it, but kids and fans of the series will probably not care; their enough are jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure this is one of the few supernatural sequels. It works because of the spell of very beloved central characters, fast pace, a joke that includes the first film, and for older viewers there are some fun gags. The animation is as good as ever, if it is a little less spectacular than the original, but the plot here is easy, Hakuna Matata. Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first film, which often stops mid-movies and jokes about its parts as a true audience. We see Timone almost exiled, he feels he does not fit and decides to go further for what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way, he meets Pumbou, another disenfranchised and become friends. Soon they will meet Simba, the lion, the natural dragon T and the P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to the others to decide whether or not to help them, and in what way. Of course, there are the usual Disney themes and themes, friendship, good versus evil, etc. The story is simple, but works at many levels, making it smarter than your average animated film. As CG films appear, the traditional form of Disney must be smarter, but let's not forget the roots that they love. Toy Story and everything that came here were smart, with jokes to suit all ages, and it seems that this is the way the market is changing. However, there will always be a place for such films and you can not spoil it when you buy it for the youth. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
