Lion King 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel. Do not expect the production value of the theatrical release, but expect the highest quality of direct video editing. It is set as Timon & Pumba begins to watch the original Lion King in the dark theater and suddenly switch songs and begin to tell their own story. This happens with frequent comic interruptions. For example, during a tense moment when home shopping appears, and the gloomy Pumba realizes he is sitting on the remote control. These little moments pepper film, and whether you consider them fun or not, will greatly depend on your sense of humor. If you are particularly concerned about movies that intentionally remind the viewer that they are watching the movie, it may not be your cup of tea. Animation is the best you've ever invested in the Disney DTV series. is almost seamlessly integrated with the original material. Newer, independent material uses a lot of original-style art. Voice talents are all well done, although I could not help thinking of Marge Simpson every time I heard Julie Kavner. Many jokes in the movie will be well recognized by the audience as recycled generations, but they are more presented with the confidentiality of old friend's comedians than unpleasantly repeating ones. Music has made me realize how much I liked and missed a good music device integrated with Disney. The "Dig A Tunnel" feature is well choreographic and cheerful. Timon and Pumba took the initial sequences of the lion king and their introduction to paradise is also fun. The only problem was the re-launch of the "Dig A Tunnel" tunnel at the end of the film, the switching of his lyrics and the tuning of the defeat to the uplift. The story line is pretty well done, and the integration of new fence elements is done almost perfectly, although the final piece during the persecution of hyenas has slightly increased the credibility of the plot. It seems that the new story does not affect saccharine or emotionally charged moments, and it is better to resort to a full comedy. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's worth buying. If you like all the bonus features that come with a typical 2-disc set, then go for it. For a penny pincher, who is still willing to invest in a good movie, wait for four or more dollars to fall and you can immediately rent it. <br /> <br /> Damion Crowley.
