Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has little to do with the source novel written by Stephen King, yet is widely remembered as one of the best film performances by horror masters. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and cold acting Jack Nicholson. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who takes care of Overlook in Canada during the winter, not influenced by horrible stories around this place: he claims that a nice, isolated place is just what he needs to finish his new book. The show becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five year old Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy feels that something is wrong. Chef Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) told him he was endowed with the mysterious psychic energy titled Shining, which allows people like himself and Dick to see, among other things, flashes of the past and the future. Because of this "gift", the forces that dwell in the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, even though he is able to resist them. But that's not Jack's case, because he's getting more and more paranoid as far as his wife is concerned, and he's looking for comfort in society, which can best be defined as ghosts, which causes a chain of madness and fear that is very hard to break. <br /> <br /> Shining works as a horror movie because Kubrick, although he never worked on such a movie before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, so he was more focused on the atmosphere and psychic shocks than the gore and creative blood spa. The King criticized the director for changing most of the story by skipping most of the Jack / Danny subplots (just outlined in the film), which led to the emotionally strong culmination of the book, and while his disappointment was valid, it was a genuine omission: the novel dealt with redemption, way, and redemption is the theme of Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, has never had a soft place. He is interested in the mental and subsequent physical imbalance that threatens the characters and preserves the creepy tone even with the very cool approach and professional use of steadikam (Danny's encounter with two spooky twins is the best example). Another criticism, emphasized by the King, concerned actors, especially Nicholson. In the writer's opinion, his smile at the beginning of the film suggested Jack was mad, undermining the rest of the story. It is true that Nicholson looks a little awkward from the very beginning, but it is also true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for a role) probably will not be able to deliver as threatening as Nicholson: from a moment he began to smile more disturbingly than before to the immortal " Here's Johnny! " the scene is impossible to imagine another actor playing this part, and although the The Shining TV version of 1997 is not bad, the Torrance character is indelibly associated with the star One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. As for Duvall and Lloyd, they both provide amazing support that deserves a place besides Harvey Stephen (Damien's Omen) and Haley Joel Osment as the great horror children's icons. One could complain that Duvall would be totally different from the princely counterpart (blonde and beautiful) and should do nothing more than shout and run, but two things should be taken into account: a) in 1980, the cliché did not b) seldom has any actress who really scared the camera, which makes the differences between books and secondary films compared to the real fear that arises from Wendy's eyes Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting, once said is not such a thing as totally a faithful adaptation of any literary work (and should know, given the freedom that Danny Boyle took when his masterpiece was brought to the screen), but that does not mean that the film is necessarily bad, Shining proves it is perfection: from the film there is very little, about 5%, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's films, this master class in free film translation becomes one of the best, the most original Their horror films of all time, which is really saying something given the current poor form of the genre.
