Sometimes it overcomes The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is a more effective and fun movie, Kubrick is much more artistic, more thoughtful and probably scary. It's one of the few movies where I can look over his mistakes and I really love her. Do I try to compare it to a book? which I read only once, a few years ago, which scared me to death? because these two do not have much in common except the story and the character of course. It's almost as if Kubrick has taken the love of the novel to people to make his film more scary. And this is certainly one of the most interesting edits of the books they've ever done, as well as one of the greatest horror films. What makes a movie so scary is not jumping, but not blood and gore, not different ghosts who appear from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about casting Nicholson in this role when they say it's too obvious that he's going crazy about the movie because of past roles and looks. I do not agree. Do we know he's going crazy? because most of us read a book? and Jack's appearance only supports this idea. But it's the way it works at the beginning, which really scares us. He is calm, calm, patient. Not to mention small conversations with hotel managers and even family members. And with his wife and son as irritating as his, it's no wonder he can handle it. But once he gets to Overlook, he'll change. He becomes irritated, angry at the edge. The scene that always shakes me is when Wendy interrupts her writing, and he totally loses her and tells her she "leaves him alone". This is the first f-bomb in the movie and it's a shock to the system. Since then all bets have been deactivated. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is different interpretations in the movie. We have never been sure if what we see is really happening. Many critics have remarked that whenever Jack speaks with a spirit, there is a mirror gift that proves he can speak as well. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the movie is culminating until she's taken a tour of many of the scary residents of the hotel, but she realizes well that there's something wrong while Danny is almost instantly in touch with the place. His psychic powers are not right? how else would Hallorann know she would come to the hotel? ??? but has he ever seen any of the spirits his parents testify? Is it easy to say that Jack just loses being trapped in a hotel with his family, and Wendy later well? to see that your husband is trying to kill you with an ax, does that? but what about Danny? His body seems to be taking over Tony, but how do we know that? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Hallorann would probably be, and he warns of dangers in 237 but kills as soon as he arrives at Overlook (Kubrick tries to scare himself by playing the assumptions of fans of the novel). And the last shot. Was there any mysterious conclusion in the cinema? Is Jack really there before? Or was his body just "absorbed" the hotel? When we talk about acting in this film, discussions with Jack Nicholson start and end. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in the history of the film? probably deliberately, that Jack's character was more of a reason to get there? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a force. Part method, partial improvisation, is both terrifying and appealing. For better or worse, it's the character we identify with, not an annoying child or an angry woman. We all want the hotel alone for the season, we could do what we want. Who cares if it's scary? Of course, technical aspects are amazing. Kubrick's long shot, strange angles and bizarre ideas contribute to horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and all other motifs increases. And do not even start me. I do not know if the film would have been terrifying without the electronic melody. Its peculiarity perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the whole movie itself. I know the King does not like this movie, but the King's entrance to the cinema is not a moment. As a great writer he may be, his scripts are horrible, and his attempt at directing is better left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful adaptation of the book, but it may not be, and it really should not. Part of the horror of the film lies in the fact that the viewer does not have a book to come back; there is no soothing source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the narrative to further scare the audience. If that's all, it's one of the most innovative movies in every genre. Besides, it has everything else.
