Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson), who heads to an isolated hotel named Overlook, located high in the Colorado Mountains, for an interview with his manager, Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson), about becoming the Winter Administrator. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months when the rough Winter set up. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and Danny's young son Danny (Danny Lloyd), Jack moves to the hotel and everything looks good, first of all, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge, and everything they need is available. Overlook, however, has a dark past with a previous manager who has murdered the entire family before committing suicide, and Danny has the ability to "shine", meaning he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that "ordinary" people can not. As the days, weeks and months begin to become more and more crazy for Jack, Danny "sees" things and people while Wendy feels angry because he has no doubts about what is going on with his family as heavy snow storms leave Jack imprisoned eventually loses ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a fine horror film. It seems Shining is another movie that exists in two different versions and the one I'm going to comment on is a shorter European cut that lasts longer than 2 hours. The script of Kubrick and Diane Johnson is based on Stephen King's novel, which I did not read, so I can not compare it; it's about psychological horror rather than visual with one murder throughout the movie. In the Shining with Jack series, Wendy & Danny has few characters, the only one that really matters because the film focuses almost exclusively on them, taking care of them, getting involved with them and going through. The pace is somewhat slow, but it's one movie that has not felt so long and you're still interested. On the negative side, I do not think the reason why Jack went crazy and wanted to kill his family was strong enough to convince me that Jack had escaped from the freezer without any explanation and I do not know if I missed something but ended me makes no sense at all, I'm still trying to find out what the picture is about! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, a couple of rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax but Shining is a horror movie that does not have to rely on blood and special effects because it has a gripping story. With a budget of about $ 19 million Shining is technically flawless as you expected from an obsessive filmmaker such as Kubrick, cinematography is great with some fantastic free-flowing and smooth steadicam shots because the camera effortlessly follows the characters around the maze of the corridors, Files look absolutely real and instead of clichés of old scary home themes such as dark corners, basements, and cobblestones, Kubrick brings things right with brightly lit corridors, massive open expansions and modern décor. red toilet out!). Actor acting is good from all involved, although as usual in horror films, the little boy is very uncomfortable and Nicholson seems to be crazy from the beginning. Shining is an absorbing film I've enjoyed watching, even though I'm not sure I'll be back soon. For those looking for explosions and effects, you will be disappointed for those looking for the good scary horror of the house with a strong story. I certainly think Shining is for you, it's worth seeing in my humble opinion.
