Sometimes he needs a filmmaker such as Kubrick to bring something extra, something of a unique, unconventional and elusive supply that transforms a great movie or a great screenplay into a masterpiece, one for ages. <br /> <br /> It's not just the story of Stephen King, who has plenty of meat and potatoes, so it's even hard to miss most director directors. Damn, even the king himself did not hurt himself. Kubrick perceives the king's universe as he transforms the page on the screen, which causes SHINING to be a visual feast and a compact masterclass under the direction. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's miss-en-scene is, as usual, amazing. The film progresses at a fast, sharp and lively pace, although it is not fast or hard-edged, and it takes at least 160 minutes. The camera goes through Overlook's rich corridors, like a mystical labyrinth for exploration, linear shot tracking that exudes impeccably decorated interiors in all their grandeur. There is a symmetry and a geometric approach, as Kubrick perceives a space that reminds me very much of how the Japanese directors worked in the 1960s. As if what is shown is irrelevant to how all individual elements are aligned within the frame. Some images are definitely out of the question. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied by a screen shot of ball shots, like drums of destruction coming from a second floor or made by a typewriter as if it were a tool of destruction itself, later turned out to be nothing but that. The red river flows slowly through hotel lifts. Jack hit the door with the ax, the camera moving with him, watching the action happen, instead of staying as if the camera had penetrated the door and not the ax. Very fast approaching the baby to the face that stretched us into the head before we see the two dead girls from their POV. And, of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about Jack Nicholson's unobtrusive overacting. His fool is not quite successful because it's Jack Nicholson. The guy looks absolutely crazy. Playing angry turns him into an exaggerated cartoon of himself. Shelley Duvall, on the contrary, is one of Kubrick's most inspired casting choices. Based on a series of fantastic performances for director Robert Altman in the 1970s (3 WOMEN, NAMES WHO ARE NASH, NASHVILLE), it brings to her the character of the right amount of fragility and emotional suffering. A great and very underestimated actress.
