The Shining, do you know what's strange about this movie? It's a movie that everyone, for people who say they do not like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is an amazing movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's terrible story of madness and blood. It's just an incredible movie you've seen or not, you've heard of it, you know a few lines and you know some of the classic paintings. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget about "all the work and no play to become Jack Dull Boy"? Who could forget that the freeze ends? It is a film that is unforgettable and honest in my opinion is Kubrick's best job. I know there are lots of arguments in this department, many say it is 2001: Space odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if these films were the pioneer of the film, Shining did it. This is the story of isolation, insanity, frightening images and the story of the last spirit that will crawl under the skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny and Jack's wife, Wendy arrives at Overlook on the closing day. Elderly African American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by telling him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. Danny explains that he and his grandmother share a gift; called communication "shining". Danny asks if there's something to worry about in the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" and a lot of memories, not all of them are good, and advises him to stay out of the room at all times. Danny's curiosity about room 237 finally gets the best when he sees the room opened. Danny wounded and visibly traumatized after Jack told Wendy that he loved his family. When they see, Wendy thinks Jack is abusing Danny. Jack goes to the hotel's Gold Room, where he meets friendly bartender Lloyd. Danny begins to wonder curiously the word "redrum" and fortunately it whistles on the walls. He goes into trance and withdraws; now says he's Tony, his own "imaginary girlfriend". Jack sebotages the hotel radio and interrupts communications from the outside world, but Hallorann took Danny's telepathic cry and helped. Wendy finds out that Jack wrote the endless pages of the manuscript repeated "All the work and no play makes Jack the fat boy" formatted in different ways. Terrified, Jack threatens her, and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat and locks him into the kitchen cabinet. Jack and Grady move through the door of the cabinet, which then relaxes when he releases him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" on the lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When he looks into the mirror, he sees that it's "Murder" reported backwards. Jack raises his ax and begins to mow the door that leads to his family's living room. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary picture was born. Shining is one of those movies that you have to really give time to see, it's an incredible movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I also feel that she is extremely overlooked by Shelley Duvall, her scene in Jack's rant All Work? It's unbelievable, it's the look of horror and you can see that fear in your face when you realize her husband is crazy. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathhouse, it's sincerely one of the most horrible scenes in a horror movie theater. The reason why this movie is so famous is that it's the perfect movie that appeared on The Simpsons, it has appeared in other movies, and it's a movie that will always stay with you when you see it, believe me. <br /> <br />
