Okay, well, maybe not the biggest one. I think Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to retreat, but The Shining is up there. But this is by far the best story of Stephen King, who was filmed. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not so scary) better than Cujo, Better Than The Green Mile, Better Dolores Claiborne, Better Than Stand By Me, and yes it's better than Shawshank Redemption (close, it's better), I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that a few decades ago Stanley Kubrick sorted novels in his house and tried to find one he could do a good movie, and from the other room his wife would hear the beating noise every half an hour or so when he threw the wall book in frustration. She did not hear it for nearly two hours, and when she went to see if she died in an armchair or something like that (of course I would say it with great respect), she found herself focused on the book she had in her hand and the book was The Shining. And thank God also because he continued to convert this book to one of the best horror films ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King may be grateful for the complexity of the story about a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel that oversees him during an extraordinarily isolated winter when he works on writing. Jack of Nicholson can be thanked for his deadly performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies does Jack have to play Jack's character?), As well as his flawless delivery of several well-known lines ("Heyeeere's Johnny !!") Shelley Duvall can thank for the performance, allowing Stanley Kubrick to thank him for having a very recognizable impression on this excellent story, and anyone who can be the casting director can be thanked for having climbed the world's finest twins on the planet to play a part <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One of the most important aspects of this film, which is necessary to make the whole story as a whole have its most significant effect, is isolation and it is flawless. is going to the old hotel to talk about the work of the winter servant, which is soon followed by the same The scene is mixed with Jack, Wendy, and Danny shots who spoke in a car in which Kubrick managed to slip into a quick hint of television crimes while Wendy was expressing himself about it that he talks about cannibalism before Danny who says it's okay because he's seen it on TV ("Do you see? It's okay to see it on TV. ") The hotel itself is the perfect environment for a story like this, and it's a bloody past that makes it much more scary in giant, echoing rooms and long corridors, these rooms echoing their echoes constantly in the emptiness of the hotel , but these are the corridors that really made most of the massiveness of this film, and the traditional Kubrick tracking shots give the corridors a ghostly three-dimensional feel. The movie soon follows the track following Danny in a big circle while riding the halls on his Grand Wheel that's what it's called?) And its relative speed (just like knocking from the wheel as it goes back and forth from the hardwood floor to the carpet) makes it feel like it does not know what's around the corner. Kinga, you're expecting something to pop up to you, I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the most shrewd in the movie) weighing that Danny plays on the floor and the ball was slowly draws. He looks up and sees a long empty corridor, and because the ball is like a child's toy, you expect that it was the awful horror twins that attracted him to her. Anyway, you have the thing. Shining is a damn scary movie. In addition to having the rare quality of being a horror film that does not saturate, The Shining has a very deep story that will really keep you up and guides you with the feeling of missing something. Had Jack always been there, as Mr. Grady said in a man's room? Was he really in that ball in 1921, or is he the one who looks exactly like him? If he has always been a manager, as Mr. Grady has said, does that mean that it was what went mad and killed his wife and twins, not Mr. Grady? It's one thing for the film to leave the free ends to be tied, that's just average film making. For example, Amityville Horror, who, of course, copied much of The Shining as to his subject, did so. But it is completely different when the film is presented in a way that really thinks you (like most of Kubrick's films). One more thing that we can thank everyone to Stanley Kubrick for which we should thank him is that he did not throw this book against the wall. What you would throw would be a cinematic tragedy.
