Chilling, a magnificent piece of film fright, combines all the great elements of the intellectual thriller with the director's great vision, who has the instinctive ability to shoot a moody horror film in the area of ​​his brilliant film, including the original picture, the ice sound, and the overall sense of dehumanization. This film goes through all of the typical horror films, such as red progress to the human eye, because it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of their protagonist, but also to appreciate the seed from which the contradiction comes. One of the most awesome things for the people to face is unknown, and this film represents her plotting with this thought. The setting is perfect, in a deserted winter hide. Moment Pacific is a figure in itself, because the fermenting aggressor in the mind of Jack Torrance is pleased and behaves like a new girl in this idle moment. I always felt as if the presence of evil was dormant in all our minds, only with the circumstances at this moment, and the reasons that had occurred to her had to awaken their violent ass and cast their unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this idea. And that is in this film gently touching the canvas, the boobs of the young boy is a big horse riding down the empty corridors of the hotel, a labyrinthian garden, representing a fine line of mind between the healthy and the mentally ill, Kubrick deliberately interrupted the inconsistencies in editing, ordering to discover a world controlled by righteous and tangible, but driven out by powerful and unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without comparison, I'm proud of being one of the most scary films I've ever seen. I thought film time could be a bit shorter, but then again I'm not one of the most respected directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should hold my two cents of criticism over the wonderful film for myself. Overall, this film captures your attention with its great appearance and vision, links you in some terrorist and eccentric direction, and binds you and moves you with your heart with a cool look at the idea of ​​the man who was overboard, the ghostly atmosphere and the loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
