Anthony McGarten adapted his game, Via Satelit, and ordered the best comedy film to come out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is prematurely abandoned. In recent years, she has not yet reached and her family's fathers have been angry with her paternal belief. Her twins, Carol (also Danielle Cormack), find themselves in the media when they represent New Zealand in swimming. Silver, desperate and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and his charismatic cameraman - also Chrissy's last night night stand - Paul (Karl Urban) shot the most beautiful moment of the Dunn family; he watched Carol float to victory. That would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is a symptom of trouble. First is the Wellington Dunks Memorial, Joyce (Donna Akerston). Produces fairy pies and cocktail sausages for a very important film crew and refuses to change the way it is. Her oldest daughter Jen (Rima Te Wiata) is desperate to be more than usual. It has a nice home (with walls in the bedroom painted "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive tastes and a bad parasitic attitude that is to be balanced. It also approaches 40 and dozens of children. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme), is an electrician and is forced to work that he does not need to do ... just like doing the tasks that needs to be done, ie Jen. Lyn's middle daughter (Jodie Dorday, who won her best actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for her picture) is a "discarded" dog who has a dubious history with Ken. Both of the older sisters meet, mother is in a state, Ken is just as bad ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol is filled with her Olympic desire, and Chrissy is aware of all that is to be painted on national television - why not be embarrassed? It's great to see some famous New Zealand face performances in a suburban comedy that has funny lines to spare. I loved the fight between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-my-biological-clock-is-tick-away, a second narcissistic tramp who has what her sister longs for - a bun in the oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and is pretty done. Performances are therapies and the movie works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
