Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a powerful artist of wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She becomes the prey of her fantasies, because the promise of romantic interludes becomes a murder when she kills those who believe sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that somebody (... a possible master of a task that pushes her strings like a puppet) leads in the form of a hypnotic suggestion, and leads Lorna to kill those who are in solitude just when love seems to be going start. After the murders of her fantasies are committed, Lorna wakes up confused, often helpless, if it really did happen to her in her dream. If someone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco I would say that it is elegant and difficult. Now you've probably read other user comments that are described by what this movie is about because much of it takes place in a surreal dream atmosphere. Franco mentioned in the interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard early on in his career as a filmmaker and decided to leave a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a completely different type of watching experience. And how do you read from the reaction of user comments here ... some like this decision, others find a style that works, boring and confused. I will be the first to admit that the film is overhead, but Franco himself, when he was quizzing critics who watched "Succubus," admitted that the film did not even understand and he had ordered it! Some might say that Succubus was only the forerunner of his admired work "Venus in Furs", considered to be his masterpiece by the loyal French, because he also accepts an unreal, hay-like structure where the protagonist really does not know whether he / she is experiencing something real or imagined. In a sense, as well as the protagonist, we are experiencing the same kind of confusion ... surely, "Succubus" is an untraditional filmmaking where we do not give us the keys to what is happening. And a lot of elusive dialogue will not help. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet", Corman's film, "Bucket of Blood", was trying to entertain. My personal favorite scene will show a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and the woman she meets at a fun party. It's a bizarre fantasy sequence where figurines are used rather unusually. Great placement and jazz score .. I liked this film myself, although I can understand why it has a negative reaction. She loved one scene at the obedient party with Lorna, a little drunk, circling on the floor in a gorgeous evening dress, while others who attended shindig (just as unnecessarily) rushed her in kissing kisses.
