I have not seen all the movies of Jess Franca, I saw 5, I think there are more than 180. So maybe it's a bit too soon to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but that's a cut version) is according to me, if not the best, surely the best Franco. Franco is best known for his "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cultivated film that spread in the mid-1990s when people learned that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, they discovered several happy men and discovered what to expect after seeing the Vampyros Lesbos OST video: Jess Franco is a stunning director. When the phone rang during Vampiros, I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Since then, Franco has never been able to grasp me. But then I came across this movie. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with the story and the camera. We found out he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" so great: its start did not make me feel at all. Remember that I've seen "Vampiros Lesbos" before (although chronologically it only came three years later), and both movies start the same way. But the story went on, the mysterious and stunning, beautiful camera work, and the things you would want Godard to see if he were not so busy expanding his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not old-fashioned. A man says all movies must be old-fashioned, because it takes several weeks before viewers see what was shot. The girl, however, replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made films for tomorrow yesterday." Janine Reynaud is an interesting actress and, of course, is Howard Vernon, regular Franco. Fortunately, acting is good (something that can spoil many of Franco's films, but not that). But be sure to watch the fictional scene. Erotic tension, wild director, and the fact that it is a movie for tomorrow's yesterday, make it a movie that people should see. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
