Police, Investigation, Murder, Suspicion: We all met them in movies. Most films today deal with a crime that is supposed to involve viewers to provide them with an exciting atmosphere. However, most excitement lovers tend to focus on the latest movies of this kind that forget the older ones. It happens, however, that these people can be easily introduced. A film that is entirely based on suspicion can be very interesting even though it is over 20 years old ... it's GARDE A VUE, a unique movie by Claude Miller. Is there a lot of action? Not really because the events in the movie are held in a very short time. But the way they are executed is great plus the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigating Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's New Year's Eve, a rainy evening, and not very accurate for such a meeting. Yet, after the rape and murder of two children, at the dawn of the old year there must finally be a door of suspicion. In other words, (more quoted from the film), it must be revealed who is a really bad wolf. This requires a lot of effort and a lot of emotions from both sides ... Some people criticize the script for being too seductive. Still, I would ask them: what should be the investigation if she did not have a lot of questions and practically spoke a lot. These words touch the very roots of the genre. In no case is it boring, but in the whole movie, it makes you as an observer as an observer. In addition, the film includes well-performed shows as narratives are told. Not so much and only a few - just to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most remembered memories of me are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these shows also contain views of places, including the infamous beaches. Everything helped me greatly to maintain the right pace. And since I've seen GARDE AND VUE, I've always mentioned this film as one of the "defenders" of the French film against accusations of mess and chaos. <br /> <br /> But those aspects already mentioned do not necessarily appeal to many viewers because they may not like such films at all, and the contents of the content and its performance are still not satisfactorily satisfactory. Still, GARDE and VUE are worth seeing for such people. Why? For performances. But here do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a terrific job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. Credibly displays a person who is calm, specific, who does not refuse the offered cup of tea but does not want to play with words. Her part, which includes deep talk about life and duties, is brilliant, more credible than Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. Still working. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically occurs for the first time after 45 minutes of credits; she, like a woman and another look, will come symbolically with the new year at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who really is rock is Lino Ventura. He is a middle-aged inspector, Antoine Gallien, who wants to find the truth, aware that his questions are "rockets" to his other partner, but he does not hesitate. She is an inspector who, three times, admits the female psyche three times. He is the one who does not consider his work to be a game to play but a real service. Eventually, it's a man who does not find it unusual to sit there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a great job of expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But Mrs. Ventura. Brilliant! As for unforgettable moments, it is not such a film in which this aspect is easy to analyze. The whole movie is unforgettable, it has to be seen more times and must feel with its atmosphere and, as I have already mentioned, wonderful music. For me, Chantal and Inspector Gallien are the most beautiful moment. You are there with these two characters, you will experience their state of mind if you get deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE AND VUE is a very interesting movie, you have to see for excitement enthusiasts and artisan performers. The New Year has turned and ... is it easier to open the door now? Find out when you decide on the film Claude Miller. 8/10
