Ed Wood's fans are the first to be cast, but above all, this film has brought me to the level of fans I've never come before! One of the most intense exciting films not related to the mainstream - at least as far as I am concerned - is a pleasure to uncover secrets. I remember how I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (aka "Night of the Ghouls"), which was at that time arched for several decades. Similarly, such mysterious masterpieces of low-budget film, such as Doris Wishman's "Night to Decay" or half of the work of Jesus Franco! Nevertheless, in recent years, they have seen video and DVDs, which these once-never-ending treasures are nearly accessible - even for those of us on the "bad" side of the Atlantic ... And then, behold, "I woke up early the day I died" - a movie that was supposed to be so "big," but which disappeared into the ether before Fangoria printed the first rather lengthy article about him that absorbed my appetite first. The 90's needed a heavy film to really chase: and that's for sure ... I do not want to want too much commentary about all the amazing aspects of the film - its classic but yet kitsch cast, its haunted but often hallucinogenic visual the scenes, the amazing moments of "pure film" (in the sense of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even its deeply memorable soundtrack - were briefly described by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I would like to briefly mention is the pleasure I have also got from hunting some of the dark artifacts associated with this almost-but-luck-not-pretty movie! I think the German video I captured in Cologne on a cold winter winter is to a large extent known to Ed Wood's followers. It is also well known that the promotional poster for the film has been released. Fortunately, there is more information that can be found !!! First of all, there are a number of reviews from the German edition of THEATRICAL FILM - some of which I have used in my interpreting classes in an attempt to "refine" my students ..... some of these reviews are a positive art story of artistic and entertaining value - and the most interesting is that most critics have placed it directly into American trash and European arthouse traditions. Secondly, it is the result of Larry Groupe, which can be obtained from the man himself - many of the tracks actually enjoy the emotional thrust of the listener, especially if you are thinking about the current "arched" state of the film and growing a bit of melancholy at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention the promo SOUNDTRACK, which Cinequanon drew in an extremely limited number. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do anything if you have a chance to get one of them !!!!!! It includes 14 songs from the movie, including Earthy Kitty Ballad, Late Darcy Clay "Jesus I Was Evil" (two versions are also available on CDs from New Zealand, though it's another story again!), Cool Music Radio on which Christina Ricci dancing , and the awesome techno drops from Minty and ZHV (the latter is their own techno band Billy Z) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - let Ed Wood rule your life.
