This 1998 film was based on the script of late Edward D. Wood, a screenplay in which the NE dialogue has appeared in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While most of Wood's work was a marvelous low-budget entry into various genre film traditions, his first released GLEN or GLENDA scene was a truly visionary attempt to express inexplicable primitive avant-garde techniques. I first introduced the day that I imagined that side of Ed Wood, the experimentator, though this movie is a comedy (nightmare comedy, however!), While the cross-dressing theme GLEN or GLENDA was taken so seriously Wood that it was not there space for comedy. From the first few seconds of this movie I knew I was brought to the new cinematographic world and that I can not really compare this world to anything else. The film's technical side - production design, sound design, music, photography, etc. - is pioneering on any number of levels. In particular, although the film has no "dialogue", there is sound of all kinds and also "language", but you will have to see how it does itself, because the skill and surprise of the methods provide a level of excitement. Glen or Glenda-esque adjoining bundle techniques for surreal effects works well in the movie and is kept to a minimum. The whole movie takes place on a hysterical fever, and Billy Zane provides an amazing touring performance that shows what a great physical comedian and actor he is. In a fair world he would receive some awards for this performance. Even LOOKS like Ed Wood, and as Zane played, this character is in various time, stupid, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). What a pity that this film was filmed in legal difficulties and never received a North American theatrical or video release, just playing at several festivals. Right now, it is only available for video in Germany (in fact, my copy comes from a German source - excerpts from the Wood script, which from time to time are displayed on the screen, are translated into German, although newspaper headlines (this great low-budget technique of plotting elements of plot , especially those that are too expensive for a movie, through newspaper headlines is used here in the tradition of wood), which Zane sees in English. I think this movie could get word of mouth after it was played at midnight in some big cities with some careful promotion. And if a city that was slowing down in the arts movie was in the city, it could have done well. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I would like to suggest that the film should still get a theatrical release, especially the MIDNIGHT "culture" edition. This is a classic that awaits discovery. <br /> <br /> I understand "every" scene? No, but "every scene" felt emotionally. Everything "worked" in the movie? Maybe not. I saw it only twice, and for the first time I saw it, I touched it several times. However, with all clusters in the set that play multiplexes and with such an "alternative" film, which is fetishistic or pretended by the film school's rejection, we need real Hollywood experiments. The recent Bob Dylan movie "Masked and Anonymous" had similar chances to Steven Soderberg's FULL FRONTAL. This movie could find an audience much larger than one. If you've been reading this review for several years, and the idea of ​​this movie sounds interesting, find out if it's ever been published on the video. You will be bored. Invite a couple of friends over ... do a party. Play the awesome LOUD soundtrack. I feel that wherever he lives in the afterlife, Ed Wood is content with this film and feels as though his unique view was justifiable and justified by the film's making. Wood is also likely to laugh that, as he always has had bad breaks in life, the film he has taken after his death is detained in court litigation and sits in the country where he was made.
