OK, so I know about this movie because of that friend who is in it, and I actually visited the set when shooting, so from a personal stand-point I was fascinated to finally see this mysterious little jewel. If you ever dig up information about this movie, you'll find it involved in legal issues (even after 7 years of filming), so if you're like me, then you'll do everything you need to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn because when I got it today, it was a very rough, grainy copy of the "SCREENER ONLY" release, complete with an unpleasant miniature time code, but unfortunately, I could still enjoy it, but not just as if I had the right copy of what I suggest you get if you want this movie to have a full impact on you. From what I gathered, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With that, happiness and happy search / offer ...;). Score / sndtrk is worth it yourself. Very eclectic and heterogeneous (nowadays it's rare, IMHO in the movie) - I think it will be my other score / score I can find, but I'll turn ... Now for a review. The movie opens because Billy Zane's character injects a nurse into a psychiatric ward where he's probably closed. He walks his clothes (even boots) and moves quickly to a number of bankers, but after escaping with prey, well, I think there is a "conspiracy" there - he accidentally loses it. After I smelled several Tampon supernatural crimes and escorts to various celebrities from A to C to find the money, there is some burial cemetery - I think the dead man who shoots at the office / bank and even the police and the police officers of the year 1950, who are still looking for him - never seen or hated. (He sees that daily newspapers have reported his "crimes") I liked it because it gave a thin conspiracy of prolongation. After all, it's a film (director) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all possible 1) Bring Wood's vision to take place and 2) Give her up-to-date awareness, yet shoot with authentic 50-ahh, local LA.99 $ stores - so good, so my 9 ratings. If time and props were authentic - I'd give her 10. Now it's a bit separate and it will not spoil anyone, but let's say the ending is a little disappointing for me, it was a promise, action and comedy - all the way to the end, so. .. with all that he said - instead of a copy at his own discretion. Just remember that because there is no dialouge (except for a narrative and singing) it may be your alley - maybe not - but I definitely think it worth the attention. The actors are all doing great performances, and it's just inconsistency in the right period pieces that really made me want only this fix - then I'd say everything to check this movie because it's not like anything that these studios would launch in these days and in the future). I am sure.
