To finally see what many consider to be the greatest film of all ages in prison, I felt I did something as sensuous as it sounds. The boy surely contained the elements I expected and added much more. The constant I discover in these films is the toughness and sand of actors in the roles of prisoners preparing to escape while their threshold, tolerance and resolution (not to mention reason) are tested by their superiors. While most of them were hired to look naked because the nature of the genre requires such hopeless elements, something else appears, other attributes such as the attitude and senses I finally answer. <br /> <br /> As you might well know, Demme's debut was for his mentor Roger Corman and gave the target audience exactly what they wanted and at the same time his own stamp at the meeting. For example, there are bizarre dreams that characterize certain characters that define their current psychological states (there is a special figure representing guardian Barbara Steele, where Alex de Large reminded me of Orange watch). <br /> <br /> The film has prisoners planning a courageous escape, tired of the crazy storms of her trolley and her wallet prisoner Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, a tough, sober nurse who is full of the environment and does everything she needs to leave. It's the one that all girls are afraid to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the latest prisoner who was arrested and convicted by police for the murder of a policeman, reluctant to give up the names of those she was dealing with. Roberta Collins is Belle, serial kleptoman, best friends with Panda (Ella Reid). Belle becomes obsession with Randolph, which promises Inspector McQueen (Steele) that through surgery it can remove its violent tendencies. Randolph enjoys boring pictures and sodomizes her and howls like a little girl for her mental imperfections while hugging her naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in jail for a dying murder, whose relative was a senator. Lavelle gets a job at Randolph's office and is responsible for the fact that his dirty anger is related to Pandora. Demme effectively puts the film on the expected final as a planned explosion, using those who caused the trauma to hostage as a hostage, with the outbreak of fire. <br /> <br /> I was quite impressed by the photographic work of Demme's long-time associate, cameraman Tak Fujimoto, because he can set up several visually arresting moments in confined prisons, cells and rooms, which is not an easy task. The prison is reasonably crazy, and the girls, though pretty nice, look like part of desperate prisoners who long, long for their souls to escape such terrible capture. Steele is excellent as an administrator and understands how to make a role closer to the shore without going far, sincerely able to express the madness of her suppressed character to a limited extent ... she does not know how she works with the glasses and settle down without it, especially when it comes to some behavior that has scorn to move it to the edge. Cale's blues score is incredibly depressing, and at the same time casts a wink on the audience that the movie is still fun-and-games .. I think the Cale score mirrors Demme manipulation with the material. Cale and Demme's partnership is a mysterious alliance that represents the environment as a sad, insulating, oppressive place, while almost simultaneously displaying a humorous tone that penetrates due to its color character due to the personality of the cast. My favorite scene is out of jail because our two girls (connecting forces with a third) interrupt the bank robbery that is already under way ... Kicker is the bank they planned to rob! As you can expect, you get naked women in showers, prisoners in lonely things, fighting cats, shootings, attempts to flee away, and other exploitative features (such as scary shock therapy, do not rule out shocking the above-mentioned sequence where screw doc uses Belle). Interestingly, Demme refers to the audience without feeling overly, he understands exactly the type of movie he has done.
