Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary New World Pictures is highly prized as one of the best classics of chickens in chains that have ever become a gracious celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer star Eric ("Vixen", "Dolly Valley Doll") Gavin gives a robust, winning performance as a brass, resistant new fish that does the best to endurance in dirty hell prison. Always Fabulous Barbara Steele offers a delicately bad impression as an average, crippled, sexually frustrated guardian (her erotic dream of making a slow, stinking striptease before the laughter of a lady is really tiny). "The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers", popular in the 1970s, adds a cheerful and thrilling turn as a merry kleptomaniac criminal who tells a dirty, dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (aka Crystal Sinclaire from Tobe Hoopera "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington "Ruby") makes her live debut as a wildlife Alice cat. And always cuddly Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a beautiful, touching repeat of her fragile, frightened innocent role from "Lemory: A Childhood Story of Supernatural." <br /> <br /> Although this image brings the expected amount of gross tongue, nudity, rape and violence, it's by no means a rough and sexist piece of furious, dirty, dirty; the film explores very effectively many ways that men cruelly exploit women and strongly advocates the feminist idea that women can overcome all obstacles if they join a group to bravely face their misogynist oppressors as one powerful combat force. Demme is a clever, confidential direction coming with a splendid amount of closely watched random details and wonderful moments of remarkably strange human behavior. In addition, both Tak Fujimoto's live cinematography and John Cale's amazingly dolorous oddball blues score are 100% of the money outstanding. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in an exciting, terrible star-lined starry gemstone star that has the star of "Track of the Moonbeast") has a biting piece like a jerked cop who has his car stolen by a trio of prisoners when the petrol stations stop using the bathroom. Live, Exciting, and Extremely Pleasant, "Caged Heat" is considered absolutely necessary for the 70th film fans.
