I saw this movie after watching Capote and Infamous. It is simply unbelievable how homosexual relationships between the author and the protagonists are sublimed in the film. The reporter is straight, the protagonists are more beatniks than homosexuals. The film begins slowly, but after reviewing it for the second time, we get a variety of interesting information from the similarities created by author / director Brooks. <br /> <br /> Note the incredible cutting at the beginning where the killers are killed and killed. The cutter on the phone is connected to Perry on the phone. The cutter to wash his face is adapted - Perry's face is washed. Only Perry looks into the mirror and sees his erotic male body to get the fantasy of his guitar playing in Las Vegas to empty the chairs. This failure / fantasy corresponds to the fantasy failure Perry tells us about his father who built a beautiful motel in Alaska just because he is still forever empty. Dick talks about pheasant shooting and the fact that pheasants do not know they will die. Cut to a mess. Perry talks about her dream of a yellow bird "Tallero than Jesus", which attacks the nuns who persecuted them. "Nuns prayed for mercy," he says to us, "but the bird has beaten them as well." The bird lifted Perry into paradise. Particularly, Perry says he has aversion to the nuns, god and religion. This is reflected later in his last words when he wants to apologize, but he does not know whom. The director gives all kinds of co-ifs and only-ifs. <br /> <br /> Nancy Cutter gets a sleeping offer in a friendly home. He has horses. Perry later reminds her picture and house. Nancy can not sleep in her friends' house because her boyfriend is coming to dinner. The decision seals her fate. Perry talks about Bogart in the "Sierra Madre Treasure". But it's another Bogart's "Beat the Devil", which Truman Capote wrote together, where the fictitious treasure is McGuffin. But Dick knows that the protagonists of this film have ended up with nothing. Dick wants a gross cash of $ 10,000 he thinks he is safe for Clutter (which ironically looks like fantasy like Perry's Mexican treasure.) Cut to Herb Clutter by signing $ 40,000 in life insurance that his mortality is about to end in a few hours , the insurance agent on behalf of the company wishes him a long life, again ironic, knowing what will happen in a few hours. Dick said they do not want any witnesses that nobody can remember. Later, in fact, it was because they excluded all the witnesses they remember. "One witness," Detective Dick said later, but he was a witness to a friend of the prison, Dick, Perry, Truman Capote, or God, the viewer witnessing the film. film.
