Easily one of the top ten movies of the 20th century. In cold blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his narrative and absolutely rivet. Robert Blake is leaving with the movie. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, although Dick is the leader and pair planner. Viewer Dick will always feel unstable, immature, and generally feels that Perry would not get into this nightmare, but for Dick and his need to be somebody and score a big score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with a special emphasis on precision, Cold Blood has a story about the brutal and absurd killing of a rural Kansas family in cold, windy nights, as Dick has bought the ancient rural myth of prosperous farmers with a safe full money in their house. As a "prosecutor" (a character who does not have a name in the script) played by Will Geer, he clearly points out that their lives are bought at just $ 10 a head. Director Richard Brooks has wisely decided he will not touch us with horror details of murder until the end of the movie. Before that, we know he's got to see Dick and Perry crash slowly when they try to escape not only the law enforcement, but Perry's own ever-increasing sense of upcoming destruction. He repeatedly makes notes: "No one ever gets this kind of thing," and "I can not help thinking that we have something that belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any convicted guilt about his crime, just an irritation at Perry. After being captured, it is Dick, who first breaks and suddenly darkens when he finally encounters irrefutable evidence that places both men at crime scene. Somehow Perry liked somewhat from the very beginning of the movie and more - as the events went on, but I was only threatening Dick. Genius of the film is the engaging way the story is played. For a moment, we do not think we're looking at actors that portray characters, but that we're looking at real actors and events. The story is inexorable, mocking, the run time slightly more than two hours feels just a few minutes. For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a few "Goofs" that are listed here on the IMDb page for cold blood, are wrong or exaggerated. Such as the "reversed" process filmed at the beginning of the movie, as Dick and Perry manage the bridge over Kansas. First, it is not a process shot, the camera is actually located in the back seat and the image you see behind the windshield of the car is real. The big truck on the left front of Dicka Pontiac creates an optical illusion that it goes back because it travels faster but a closer inspection reveals that it really goes forward and it's a real shot taken from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I said, it is one of the ten best cinema works of the 20th century, it is not recommended for very young people due to some language course and implicit and derived violence a modern film would resort to k) but thoroughly excellent film.
