The real crime story of In The Cold Blood may seem a little "tame" for those who are used to classic serial murder stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just about the more notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ, Manson) . The most important facts in this case are nothing terribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met with some luck, conspiring to rob human goods in Kansas, and after killing a four-member family with a shotgun and dagger came up with $ 43. In addition to their return to the US after scurrying to Mexico, there is not much to conceal. They were captured by some deadly ironic opportunity (a policeman followed them and stopped them for a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped the boy and his old man collect the bottles to change) and were sentenced to hang at the neck until death. The story ended in 1965. But it's story manipulation, moments of myths, performance, pure film touch that Brooks and his absolutely amazing (late / brilliant) DP Conrad Hall provide a sharp wide-screen picture in black and white color and story style that he feels realistic without going into too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except at the end, which is a great pitch). The air of tragedy hangs over the story and not because of the murders themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man who is proclaimed, as the narrator notes, Smith and Hickcock are united but because of the inevitability of the story. You feel somehow about these criminals who would be in any other hand only with conventional characters or something from the B-movie. They are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least all the way. It's also an excellent road-movie, as we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down (the real night scene of the crime that takes place late in the movie), then to Mexico and then back to America towards Las Vegas. We get into these two people's personalities, probably more than those police detectives who initially have no leadership and eventually get to a break with the prisoner. It's actually a bit worrying that they are approaching these two (which is similar to the aimlessness of the malice bad guys) and it's also a sign of courage for this period. There is no sermon like "He did it for it and this or that." We see Smith having an abusive psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too much for the film, perhaps even too much for the Capote book (which I should admit, I still read, even though I want it). And we see that Hickcock is a creature of careful trust (ie getting a suit and other things with bad controls), but without a deep explanation. "is one of the strongest of the 1960s and it's lucky that Brooks has his stars as Blake in his top-of-the-pop performance (this and lost highway, so rare in terms of his real life saga in recent years, his vital pieces of work) and Wilson's breakthrough before they became a character actor. While surrounded by gentle supportive work, they themselves engulf, drive more or less greed and fantasies of treasure escape, and stay in their situation relatively firmly grounded in their deaths and is this moral of the story, if it may be that it is more terrible to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified and good and evil smile? "Smith apologized for his crime before being hung up, and he points out, "but to whom?" This is the story to give the harshest fans of the real crime of bonafide winter and it is perhaps best and merit film from 1967.
