Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcombu, Kansas, keeps a large supply of cash in hand in the vault. On November 15, 1959, Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter are killed in two hours. After a small police investigation, both men find themselves and are condemned to be dressed. In Cold Blood (1967), director Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the novel Truman Capote on which this film is based, so I can not make any comparisons. The film does a great job telling about the horrible events that really happened. Robert Blake is as good as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years back, was accused of murdering his wife. It's free, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever it may be, he's still very good here. Scott Wilson does a remarkable job like Hickock. Forsythe is amazing as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is as good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is amazing as Mr. Hickock. As well as Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLiam portrays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin's daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is the son of Kenyon. Greatest work of each of them. There is plenty to remember from this movie. from the lighter side. It's quite good when Perry wants to find gold in Mexico and says to Hickock: Do you remember Bogart in the treasure of Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in the movie as a boy, and it's a funny moment when he and his grandfather managed to collect the bottles and return money for the money back, the darker moments are the ones most interested in. A series of seizures where you see the murders is When Perry is going to kill a girl, Nancy last, and she says, "Oh, please do not," ... human brutality, that's impossible to explain. Then hang the scene. The first is Hickock and then Perry, first talking to the minister In the last picture of the movie we see that Perry encounters the end of the rope Sure movies and books can try to compete with these villains Perry's character is someone you might be sorry about his mother and dad who hates but still loves But it does not change the fact that the two men representing these actors are brutal murderers who do not regret anyone They go to this house and murder the whole family in cold blood How could you sympathize with these people t?
