As I arrived, my fascination with academic prizes has evolved from intense interest in informal entertainment. As with several other comments I have written, it is often difficult to explain the bizarre results of the voting on the academic competition. The omission of "cold blood" in 1967 as one of five candidates for the best photo is one of those inexplicable examples, especially when one of the nominations of that year went to the terrible and implacable "Doctor Dolittle." While only insomnia or masochist would be attuned to this disaster by Rex Harrison, the powerful adaptation of Richard Brook's Truman Capotes Novels novel preserves the ability to capture the viewer's attention and let him completely exhausted by the final fading out. While the screen is nothing special or threatening, the film is certainly an adult material. Based on Nebraska's multiple murders in the 1950s and shot in real places where the murders took place, the film "In Cold Blood" was shot by Conrad Hall in black and white, and his composition on the screen demanded that they be seen in their correct widescreen aspect ratio. Together with Quincy Jones's worrying outcome, Hall's work was to be credited with the Brook Screenplay as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. Performance is also fine. Scott Wilson is all cool charm and Robert Blake intense introversion as two killers. (There is an inner joke in one place when Blake talks about Bogart and the "Treasure of Sierra Madre" while the duo is driving to Mexico. As a child star, Blake sold the lottery to Bogart in John Huston's film.) The film, like a book, is is strongly inclined to murder and has an anticapital pressure, although the turmoil of the murderers somewhat disproves this feeling despite the difficult-to-follow final scenes. Some have criticized the film because they focus on criminals, their backgrounds and their lives, while the Clutter family, literally murdered with cold blood in the middle of the night, encountered one-dimensional characters that did not matter. This lack of balance comes from the book because Capote spent a lot of time with two killers when they were in a row of death. The Clutter family apparently was not examined at the same depth. However, whatever you have for or against the death penalty, "in the cold blood" lets you penetrate deep into conflicting thoughts. Run a double account with "Dead Man Walking" and you do not have to talk all day long.
