In 2006, "Cold Blood" - a ripping thriller from 1967 - has two new interesting contexts that they did not have before. First and foremost is the fact that the star, Robert Blake, is recently in court for murdering his wife. Secondly, the recent biopic of Oscar, "Capote", showed the perplexed singing story of this story by the author of Truman Capote's story. These two new treatments make the film a timely one for the modern audience. <br /> <br /> As a separate movie from his era, "Cold Blood" is the pinnacle in every direction. The most remarkable is stunning black and white cinematography by Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition" fame). Many photos from this movie farm in Kansas at night or trees lined by the back country roads could be sold as fine art. In combination with the Brooks approach that fades from the scene and a great adaptation in early scenes (where we see the secular everyday life of an innocent family that is to be ridiculously defeated, beautifully linked to the drawing of two unhappy murderers) (even though everyone knows how it all ends because everything is based on real life events). It is also great to see today how a brilliantly organized horror scene of a murder can be displayed where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with a few drops of blood displayed on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also greatly anchored by the mysterious introduction of Robert Blake, who is much more compassionate, but unreasonably brutal to the soul of killing. The flash scenes to his terrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is a scene at the end of the movie, where she talks to the church before she is sent to the gallows, so she does her last "confession" to say so. It's one of those classic movie moments that are the perfect nuptiality of harsh acting, excellent writing, flawless direction, and scary photographs. I will allow you to erase from your mind a clear picture of the reflection of rain from a window that runs on the pale face of Robert Blake instead of real tears. The only thing that prevents "cold blood" is the slow moving middle act where the killers are lame and the forced nature of the social comment at the end. The attached political message on the death penalty is secondary to its convincing display of mad killers and their prey.
