A remarkable, worrying film about real life, the absurd brutal murder of a small-town family, along with the consequences and exploration of the lives of murderers, Dick Hickok and Perry Smith. <br /> <br /> Not as long as it is or how this movie might look, it still resonates the utter incomprehension of such criminal acts. This really follows many tragedies: The tragedy, the brutality and the senseless murder of the Clutter family, the decent farm family in the town of Holcomb, Kansas; and the useless, brutal and sad lives of Hickok and Smith. Interesting in the film is that none of these two immature, frightened little criminals would ever think of going through something similar in itself. But together they created a dangerous, murderous collective personality; which corrected the needs and pathology of each of them. They will push each other along the way "to prove each other". That they were a man enough to do it to do it; nor do they want to be seen as too cowardly to finish their big "score"; the unfortunate and dangerous remains of the desolate lives they led. These were two grown-up children living in a world of criminals who did not touch their minds; who constantly need to prove manliness and toughness. in this case, these needs have shifted to the murder of the disorder. The film contains a somewhat sentimental view of the Clutter family, but it is a place. These were respected, legislators, people from a small town who did not deserve this terrifying fate. The film also gives us a sense of the young lives of Hickok and Smith. Perry Smith, whose early life was full of security and love, but watched with horror as alcohol took his family to a tragic journey. Hickok, a poor man, left quite a lot of his own equipment, did not see how he could fit, and used his intelligence and spell to all his contacts. Interesting and perhaps first, look at the death penalty and what we hope to achieve. It is nothing more than avenging to kill for a murder that shook the nation at a time when we still did not have to fully face the predators as such or that putting these guys at the end of the rope would actually provide kidnapping to the childish and the brutal position of such men? Is it possible to discourage mankind from working under the radar to believe that they will deceive all those with whom they come in contact? To be discouraged, you must believe that it is possible that you are caught. Is it possible to discourage men who believe they are too smart to be caught? who have committed hundreds of minor crimes and come to them? This should be "cinch", "no witnesses". When Hickok is caught, he finds out that he can not cheat and question the agents just as he had department store officials. Smith, who thinks he deserves such a fate that seems to be the only one who really understands the gravity of what they have done, is willing to tell the story when he learns that Hickok has cowardly retreated. Hickok blinked at first. A stupid game of chickens between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous men. A fascinating psychological thriller telling the story of a terrible crime in the history of this nation. Stunning ideas of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles have developed their careers.
