Although it was released back in 1967, cold blood will still remain the benchmark that all true crime movies are met. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) has adapted Truman Capote's literature into a fake document that still retains troubling power even today, thirty-five years later. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson starred Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two former conscripts who arrived at Hobock's old roommate Floyd Wells in Holcomb, at Kansas's home of Herbert Clutter, looking for a wall safe that reportedly contained $ 10,000. But no safe had ever been found, and the two men injured instead of killing Mr Clutter, his wife and their two children to get rid of radio, telescope and twenty-four dollars. Two months on the run, including a purposeless "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police caught them in a stolen car. But eventually, after the merciless barbecue of the active Kansas authorities, it appears that these two men have committed this shameful crime at Holcomb. They investigated and sentenced four murders and murdered in jail during a five-year period of revocation and denial until both were murdered on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are totally cool with two carefree killers who do not make any remorse for what they did but are concerned that they will be caught. John Forsythe also made a good change when Alvin Dewey, the chief investigator investigating crime, as well as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is a faithful book of Capote and a good artistic gambling all around, Brooks does not show murder at first; instead, he shows that the two killers pull up to the Clutter house when the last light goes out, then it stops the next morning and the terrible discovery of the bodies. Only when you go back to Kansas, when Blake is questioned by Forsyth and tells the story, we see the real horror of what happened at night. We do not see much blood flowing in these scenes, but we do not have to. Shotgun blasts and horrified expression on cheeks Disorder because they know they are going to die are more than disturbing, so there's no need to resort to the bloody violent Slasher film. Brooks wisely shot in cold blood in black and white and the results are outstanding thanks to Conrad Hall's experience. Quincy Jones's frozen jazz score is a capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films of any kind ever made, devastating in its own little key. This is a 134-minute study of crime that shook the whole state and even the entire nation and should be seen, even though spectators' freedom is recommended; rating "R" is for some reason.
