On the eighth day God created Georges. But as the eighth day does not fit into the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: he has Down's disease and is therefore marginalized by a company that moved to asylum after four years ago after his mother's death. It was the only one who loved him. Harry is another man who is no longer loved. His wife left him for reasons he could not explain. He also loses the love of his daughters when he arrives too late at the station to gather two children who want to spend a weekend with his father. Harry is a highly rated entrepreneur. He knows all the rules that allow us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. However, he entered the crisis, which culminated in the loss of his daughter's love. He questions the meaning of his life without gaining any final results. Harry and Georges meet. At first, Harry tries to get rid of Georges, like everyone else. But Georges can not be shaken. And gradually, Harry glimpses how much he needs Georges if he wants to overcome his identity. It's Georges, who opens a new approach to the world for him and makes him see his life with other eyes. Friendship and human warmth replace success efforts. No wonder Harry can not avoid being able to prevent it now. Georges helps Harry regain recognition of daughters. Even his wife must admit that the fireworks he organized were worth it. However, reintegration into old life is no longer possible. And the new one turns out to be just a dream with a time limit that will reach its goal indefinitely. The camera watches Harry and Georges from below, after a long minute as they both lie in the grass, they just enjoy the moment. Just as this moment will inevitably pass, the friendship of both men that has been created in such an amazing way will not last long. Georges is destroyed by the impossibility of love for the opposite sex, and he sees no other way than to commit suicide. Harry turns into a city tramp that asks drivers waiting in front of traffic lights for charity. The film describes modern meritocracy as a catastrophic mechanism that absorbs positive values ​​such as human heart or friendship. It's Georges, a mongol who seems to be able to show his way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his request is a bad ending. Its failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or not desirable to achieve the target. The way he shows us is certainly acceptable, although he requires a huge amount of will and above all the courage to apply radical non-conformism.
