For anyone who has a slight sensitivity, a slight sense of human and humane status, for anyone who is able to get over Hollywood, for anyone who is happy to see a cinema that does not have a Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes series from someone or see who gets in the bed with whom for anyone whose intellectual level reaches the ability to understand, sympathize, understand, laugh, cry With the natural, gentle heart of warming the cheerful compassionate Human Beings, Le Huitième Jour is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael did not only achieve masterpieces, which would be too simplistic; he has achieved one of those rare monumental works of art in the cinematographic world that rejects any kind of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No, it's the story of Georges, a wonderful humorous, frantic laugh, a loving, frightened, beautiful man suffering from Downes syndrome. It's a story that gets wet with tears, but it's not one of those classic burglars; this movie moves through the world that instantly blends your feelings of compassion or compassion or even shame with admiration, warmth and even love. Successful banker, Harry, came across Georges: they both headed in the opposite direction with absolutely hostile ideas, problems and priorities; skillfully van Dormael will cast these two unlikely men into warm friendship, but it is far more than a good friendship of friends of those who have beer on the road. This is a relationship that evolves into a deep need for both. The scenarios of quasi-surrealism are perfectly suited: Georges recalls (or invent) past scenes of his life, though one day he dreams or sleeps; even the almost fantasmagoric final scene is absolutely correct. The only scene that could be considered a bit out of place is when they steal a bus and drive it out of showrooms. However, it does not harm the whole. This movie is a memorial. Even if your French is not too much, please bear it with subtitles. Le Huitième Jour is worth the effort. As for anything else, read the following comments? I'm going with everyone. This movie is joy, it's majestic, unique. If you've seen "Rain Man," which I consider to be an excellent movie, you have to see this: it's much better because it does not have a superficial veneer of famous world famous actors from Hollywood. does it have Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? TEN oscars for these two, and three others for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not drop off. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
