This film has the full size and grandeur of many great Biblical epics of the 1950s and 1960s. But it is also perhaps the first person to really humanize Biblical characters themselves. The best thing is that it does not diminish in the eyes of the viewer. It is a unique and convincing balance that helps us to realize that even great people like David are faulty people who are looking for their faith and grandeur in facing their flaws. The actors are in the film Gilbert Barnett's first film as David's second son, Absolom, to the beautiful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is in the best movie. Her own true but bigger lifestyle than acting is here at home. She is sometimes a peasant, but she plays the role in such a way that you judge her. Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the Prophet. As a child, when I first saw the movie, it seemed that Massey was just talking to the Lord and it was an amazing sight. Undoubtedly, great music from Alfred Newman, who had great successes in other biblical epics like "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story ever told," along with about 100 other movies, helped him without a doubt! Film cinematography Leon Shamroy is well done and increases its size but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underestimated film director who never shot a genre like William Wyler, pulls together a larger production than a life that never loses love between David and Bathsheba and David's own profound struggle with his belief in God. Motion in this film could be very hockey, but the king keeps it real and interesting all the way. Moreover, we never lose a sense of mystery about how we try to understand God's will, just as David himself is fighting the same. From the first scene when a soldier dies and tries to save the sheet from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (to paraphrase) that no one can understand God's will. This is the way we go to the strong end where David is finally confronted by himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck, who is beautiful as King David. His David is a man you can trust to be able to steer the earth without regard, but he was a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of his best performances. I can not see this movie on TV anymore, but when I do it, I can never watch it. I think it works well today.
