David and Bathsheba are a rich Hollywood biblical painting produced by Fox Darryl F. Zanuck, directed by Henry King and starring Gregory Peck (King David), Susan Hayward (Bathsheba), Raymond Massey (Nathan), Kieron Moore (Uriah) and Jayne Meadows (Michal). <br /> <br /> The film is based on the Second Book of Old Testament Samuel of the Holy Bible. Followed by King David, who killed the giant Goliath as a child, and now we find him in adulthood as the second king of Israel. A tough and reassured king, David has heart problems that cause great problems. Once watching Bathsheba with a shower, it is the beginning of a journey that involves adultery and betrayal; the path that ends in the judgment of God. <br /> <br /> David & Bathsheba is typical for this genre of great, grandiose production. From his excellent scenic drawings to the positively gorgeous technicolor photograph (Leon Shamroy), he has the quality to sit alongside the best of what the genre offers in terms of production values. Atypically, tho, the movie is sitting and goes to the fact that 99% of its value is controlled purely by dialogue. It's not for fans of events or for anyone who needs a scream to go with the slingshot. This is a very humanistic picture, in fact, unable to beat around the burning bush, it is a biblical love story full of heart sins. But that's not a bad thing at all, because we're breaking it, we find that it's very good acting (Peck has a stoic, but vulnerable thing that's going really well and Hayward pushes her to max.) And that's a great story focused on it , skills of often forgotten Henry King. And although there is a certain dialogue that is certainly disturbed, the nature of the flow is never interrupted, because the Oscars nominated in Phillip Dunne (The Ghost and Mrs. Muir) attracts much attention. Sometimes it is a forgotten picture in the sense of Biblical genres / swords and sandals (probably because it is a talky which has a heart as a main selling point), but it really is worthwhile to be interested in the most rich genres. 7/10
