Is there no lack of bad dialogue in David and Bathshebe? "I was quite a hand with a sling," "The King of the whole of Israel out there in the dark that is being exposed to the enemy" (Dennis Hooey, full of the fact that he gave him a straight face): "Go and sit with the concubines." And I doubt David bored to say to the Prophet Nathan, "Whatever you say." He even takes care of the routine of the old "My kingdom does not understand" to the desperate housekeeper Bathsheba. So it's probably a tribute to Henry King's instructions that the movie is not bad at all despite the pitfalls most of the first third provides. Maybe it's a censor-bait nature of the plot? married man kills femme fatale husband and gets away with him! ??? but the king brings increasing moral and theological complexity in Phillip Dunn's script, rather than the rise of sin and hokum sandals. This is a conflicting David on a hillside, deserted by a vengeful God who does not understand, and the film does not turn away from inappropriate irresponsible questions about why the loving deity chose to pay vengeance to innocents rather than guilty ones. It even offers a truly surprising critique of the sexual inequality of the law, where the failure of the spouses leads to their wife's punishment. Unlike King David, who has calmed the king for the benefit of surely more interesting Saul, David is firmly in the middle of the drama, and despite the interesting expression of jerk of shoulders and frankly insignificant detail when visiting Saul's and Jonathan's death pages, Gregory Peck's performance is growing as David decreases. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is a suitable theater prophet (why be naturalistic when you have a voice that makes the earth quake) and Uriah Kieron Moore, such an uncompromising unreconstructed chauvinist that you can not exactly blame David for failing but despite the fact that it threatens mild trading, the film does not allow David to get out of his death. With a surprisingly strong but damp design and technical color painting, it's sure to cut over most of the 40s-50s bible epics. <br /> <br /> The new DVD Fox is a good transfer, including an incredibly hokey "honest" backstage short and a short-haul trailer removed from a single battle of the scene.
