This film is known for its many qualities: literate scenario, Philip Dunne's once-in-part religious film, very good performances, top-class production in each department, and intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If one shot a movie, he would have such talents as Leon Shamroy as a cameraman, Lyle Wheeler as artistic director, and Alfred Newman as a composer of original music would guarantee quality production. Add the cast of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows, and John Sutton plus Gwen Verdon's dance, and the expectation could be that the final film could be doing something special . But in the biblical scenario, usually a sub-genre prone to illogical motivation and miraculous intervention, everything ultimately depends on the author's skills. Philip Dunne added here human beings, a rare success in biblical films. David is a person in this film, versatile, not someone doing mythical deeds on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-deprecating, self-deprecating and appealing. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is barely the perfect choice, but it brings a lot of common earthquakes and emotional normality that helps one see why the King of Israel would risk it so much. The rest of the cast is strong and capable. Known stage themes give them little to do, but Dunne and cast make the most of human situations. David's youth is spoken of in remembrance; as he was chosen by the prophet of the LORD to be the king of Israel, and earned his way to the second king of Saul by defeating Goliath Fyshistine in battle when he was afraid of the other bearded giant warrior. Then he is finally expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior and returns to report to the kingdom and becomes the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of a king, a former friend. His wars are successful - the film opens in fact a successful scene of the attack; but his life is empty because his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold for him. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees naked from the roof of the palace; later admits that she hoped to see her. But she has a husband, Uri; when she becomes pregnant, Uriah must come from the battlefield and spend time at home; instead he asks David to put him at the forefront of the battle, even after he was excited by Verdon's dance. David agrees. He is killed, a war hero; but that does not solve the question of infidelity. The drought comes to Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed for this phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem, and placed in the temple that caused the death of others who have come into contact with him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David leaves the temple he finds his rain in the rain. This movie is always interesting, different types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author use the observer principle and are honestly more successful in humanizing characters than in almost any movie outside of the Grecianized-Near Eastern canon, where performance is a little easier because neither miraculous nor religious themes are central to such adventures. . He remembered his glowing realization, subtle performances, and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort is borne by repeated studies.
