For some, this biblical film is a story of judgment and condemnation ... Others see it as a story of grace, renewal, and hope ... Is it both? Henry King illustrates the portrait of a mighty monarch who was almost destroyed by his passion, his spiral of sin downward and his ascending healing .. David and Bathsheba are an emotional film full of vivid memorial figures that retain mythical status, while retaining their humanity ... Henry King processes a powerful story of the Old Testament with the ability ... David, the "Judas Lion" who attacked Rabga's wall, saves the lives of one of his faithful Uriah fighters (Kieron Moore) and returns to Jerusalem ... Back to his court, his first wife complains of being neglected and befriended by the shepherd's son, who is distinguished by being the daughter of King Saul ... One evening and as he walked on the terrace of his palace, which apparently had a magnificent view in the neighborhood, David's eyes were raised to bring up a young woman who enjoyed a refreshing bath ... She was beautiful and attractive ... David could not take his eyes from her ... She later finds out that she is the wife of one of his officers ... We will send her, find that she is also unhappy in her marriage ... At this point, it is clear that David's intentions are moving away from interest in taking Bathsheba as a wife to simply take Bathsheba ... As usual, sin had its consequences, and David did not plan for this possibility. . When drought swept the earth and threatened with famine, David suspects that the Lord is punishing his and his people for their sin ... But when Bathsheba tells him that she is pregnant and fears that she may be stoned to death according to the law of Moses, tries to cover up his sin ... He sends a word to his army commander Joab and orders him to send Bathsheba to his husband ... David did something that was great in God's eyes ... He sends a man to the frontline where he will be killed ... The soldier is actually killed and wi ho out of the way, David will marry his beloved Bathsheba in full royal beauty ... God punishes a couple when Bathsheba dies the baby soon after birth ... Meanwhile, the powerful famine has scattered all over the country, and the Israelis - led by Nathan - blame the king for their misfortune ... They wrecked the palace and demanded that Bathsheba pay for his sin ... Peck plays a compassionate king whose foolish desire evažovala his good sense and integrity. Hayward as Bathsheba is a sensitive woman who begins to believe that every disaster that occurs in her life is a direct consequence of her adultery ... The succession of her spa, which could be a great moment in biblical film history, is poorly disappointed and spectators eyes are briefly led to Hayward's face and shoulders ... Raymond Massey appeared as Nathan the prophet who sent God to crack David after adultery with Bathsheba; Gwyneth Verdon is Queen Michal, who strives to resist the ambitions and greed that have become an integral part of David's personality and his kingdom; The ex-silent screen idol, Francis X. Bushman, had a short role as King Saul ... The best moments of the film were: The Ark on the way to its permanent home when God breaks a young soldier who is trying to touch the sacred object; defining a moment in David's life when he confesses his sin and is ready to accept his death penalty; and for the climax of the film, putting it as a memory, David recalls his struggle with the giant Goliath ... with excellent color photographs and masterpiece score scores, "David and Bathsheba" earned an Oscar nomination in the following category: Scoring Music, Art and Series Direction , cinematography, story and script, and costume design ..
