He was not a fan of first person shooters, I was very reluctant to play this game. After I played the demo, I was sold. "Undying" really can bring you into the game and be part of the universe in which your character is. You have this green amulet called "Gel'ziabar Stone", which has a special strength and warns you of specific events or things to look at. With a special "scrye" spell you can see some things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking along the corridor suddenly you hear a magical stone whisper: "Look," where the stones shine for example the picture. And then using the scrye spell you see some strange and scary things in the picture. Let me tell you to see this as terrifying. People who expect to complete this game in a matter of hours will even forget about using fraud. This game relies on a figure with wisdom and careful walking. Because as in any horror movie, your surroundings are usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear random when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is one scene where you want to enter the room where you are pushed back with such strong force, so you need a moment to realize what has happened. It was a scene that could come directly from the horror of the classic "Evil Dead"! To experience such a thing is a real success. There are plenty of elements that will take "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever made. Unfortunately, I have to report that there are some shortcomings. First, the universe in which you play is huge. You start in a large mansion with all sorts of hidden, secret rooms and even a hidden hell-sized dimension called "Oneiros". It's alright. However, with all the loading times and some difficult enemies it can become frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some bouncing puzzles you have to do, otherwise you can not continue. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third adventures. But in first person mode it can be an unpleasant task. Fortunately, you can save money anytime, anywhere. And believe me you will need. Overall, "Undying" is an extraordinary first shooter who deserves to play any horror or gaming fan.
