My scalp still harvested from the burning coal that accumulated on it when I promised I loved this film. Bring coal; I'll go over them too, to say again that I like "Bend It Like Beckham." We admit that there is a lot of "in spite of" in this confession. It's a little film week; the scenario is on the painting side by numbers. And most disturbingly, the director's comment suggests that in this movie beauty can be found primarily among white skins. The film's genius is not what is obvious to the Sydney Field-touched eye: character arcs, themes, construction. It is both on the surface and on what deeply hides, but not on those layers of artistic layered soil fund, which seem to be the most scratching reviewers. Powerful, sometimes partially dressed female females, not just on display but kicking football bulls, do a better job of naturalizing female power and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi ever do. They are true bodies (Keira Knightley's exception), whose work is not a later prospect. They are working bodies whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, the lead actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on the screen? not just because he can claim to be "hot" adjectivity, but because her performance has sincerity and unwanted intelligence that is absolutely convincing. The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling as if they have made a deal with the devil to do so. Just as in Chad's "Unknowing and Prejudice," relationships between women blend in with chemistry that can not be nestled neatly into the most beautiful categories of Sweet Valley's "best friends" or "nurses." Perhaps Chadha is even right in his commentary on rejecting flirting with lesbianism. "Bend It Like Beckham" has electricity that can not be reduced to a simple hetero / homosexual love triangle that would suggest its conventionally structured script. The exact nature of his pleasure is ultimately a bit of a secret? and is all the more seductive. <br /> <br /> Yes, and I mentioned that it was cheerful?
