The saddest thing about this film is that only 8 people have checked it out and NO-ONE felt it worthwhile to leave a comment on the billboard. He made it the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar-winner ... this is a movie that people really should see and give awards. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in some other homosexual movie I've seen ... and it's all true. To be printed I need to leave a few lines of text: it is enough to say that anyone who really wants to know what it was like in the 1960s and 1970s of gays and understand what AIDS is before the modern drug " cocktails "allowed people to breathe a little easier ... that's the movie that's visible. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal AIDS note. Despite everything, there was a really silver lining of all the horrors. When AIDS first came, it was termed "gay cancer" and governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spending a red cents on research to help save a lot of cigarettes. Then it was clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual illness. But the government was not prepared for it; So, when people started to get worse, the only organizations and associations available to them were those that were founded by homosexuals themselves (examples: a project named: quilt memorializing all who died of AIDS, Act Up, etc.) people who probably never come into contact with homosexuals in everyday life have suddenly found that they rely on them and need them because there are no other organizations. This close contact, in my view, is what finally broke the barriers to prejudice and allowed a direct the world to finally accept gays as equal When AIDS first appeared on the scene, many of us thought the direct world would use it as a way to get closer to us ... and that would probably be true if the equilibrium did not suddenly deteriorate, however, the steps taken in the field of liberation of gays - to the extent that, as I write it, there are at least five countries in the world who accept homosexual marriage - these increments would probably last much longer than AIDS would bring us together. It is sad to think that all these people - both equals and homosexuals - had to die before our ordinary humanity became more apparent - but if what I write is true and I think it is - then it is a bit comfortable to realize that all these people did not die in vain.
