"Dragonlord" sees Chan returning to "The Dragon" from "The Young Master". The first movie did not get much. "Tiger", his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; neither Marshall, his daughter or son played great Yuen Biao in the original film. But the dragon has the same master - probably all the other students have moved to other things. (Dragon's laziness in training is heavily portrayed in this film, so maybe he's still studying!) Originally called "Young Master in Love," this film sees Dragon (for at least sixty minutes) a villager girl in various idiotic and slapstick ways. His opponent for his affection is his friend (inappropriately named "Cowboy") played by a comically long-time member of the Chan Stunt-Mars team. We see different scenes where their silly schemes are coming back. This is one of those scenes that we (fortunately) find above the head of the "Dragon". This film is notorious for not meeting the expectations at the box office. I'm sure the expectations are quite high and I feel that this film has never had a fair judgment based on one's own merits. But even if I try to do it, I still feel that the film is a problem. It looks quite blurred, sometimes submerged, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's next work of that period. The thing that really saves the film is the final sequence. Like the "The Young Master" is a fantastic end reel that is full of incredibly exhausting action - you really feel every blow. And again, Chan goes against the same opponent of "The Young Master" (is the same character?), And timing and energy here are great. Chan's use of every last place in his environment to help beat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is as obvious as anywhere else. The barn in which they fight is full of clever little heels and improvisations. This is the absolute peak of the film and one of Chan's incredible career. <br /> <br /> It is not necessary to see prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", in fact it can even raise more questions than what it hopes to Answer. But it has to be said that the original film is an excellent film and the "Dragonlord", with a focus on girl hunting and team sports, seems incredible. Luckily, he has a few combat scenes he offers (plus a fantastic shuttle scene) that crosses across the border in this genre.
