Although Louis B. Mayer reportedly was not interested in signing a young Greta Garbo with a contract, this first American and MGM movie for the actress looked quite beautifully. Obviously, the film has been given some amazing talent to make productions and create matte pictures, because it has all the nice shine and imagination you would expect from the best images the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even after 84 years. As for Garbo herself, like her other very early American films, she looks different. While it's quite recognizable, its make-up is much softer than it would be a year later, giving it a less distinctive look and subtlety that you did not see in the following films. I wished to keep this look, but with regard to how famous it was with the trademark, who should I say that they should not go this way ?! The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unjustly forced away from their land by the landlord. While Mrs. Madam, very honored Doña Bernard, claims that this is because the bank has demanded payment, it is because her son has fallen behind Garbo - and what better way to get rid of it than to force them on the streets! Nice lady, yeah ?! Years go by and Garbo becomes a new singing that is world-famous. When she returns to her hometown a year later, her old friend (who promised her to marry her but robbed her when her mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow her), sees her. His new love for another lady is now being tested - will she be satisfied with this lady who is the heir of great happiness or will she want her old flame? What is even more important, Garbo would even take him back when he acted without paperwork? Meanwhile, a massive storm will hit. Earth begins with floods, and houses swiftly swim through the flood. Cortez and a friend make a crazy dash when they play! In a scene where, of course, overlapping a number of ships across a cascading stream, it will eventually make it alive and into the house where Garbo is now located. He welcomes them in and stays with her until the storm passes. Then she admits she still loves her, and avoids the storm to make sure he's safe. He tells him to be lost! Then you see that Ricardo got married with the second choice, the daughter of the King of the Pork. Apparently it's just a little enthusiastic about it - and you like the lady because she did not do anything wrong. Soon Cortez is seen walking back to Garbo at home - he is love-sick and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite clear and can not tell him to leave because he dissolves in his arms. She tells her once again about her love for her. When Doña Bernard learns about this, she is not pleased. It is obvious that the queen's queen is a better hunt than an international singer. Because of the overthrow of this unpleasant old lady, Garbo leaves - he does not want to come between the mother and her crazy son. But Cortez is running - he announces that he must have it and will not rest until he has her as a wife. Immediately after the statement, a family friend talks with Cortes and persuades him to give her the good of his career and reputation. So much for not being "resting until she has her wife", right? Despite the fact that Cortez walks and walks, for some reason he can not get himself to hate him. And so he married a queen of pork and lives a very boring life. A few years later, Garbo again meets Cortez, a boring middle-aged man, while he is just as beautiful as ever. And no wonder he'll tell him again that she's lost. By the time this film was shot, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez. So in the light of this, it is surprising that Cortez gave such an unrepeatable figure. Instead of the usual role of Valentine, which he gave him, there is the indecisive sorcerer - a huge smirk. And from there his career was on a slow spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped her to establish her as a big star - because she was the center of the film and played a character similar to her later man. As for the movie, new music composed because it was very nice, though tad repeat. The print was strangely almost perfect, with the exception of cards with internal titles that could use some restoration. The most amazing film - professionally built, sad and worth seeing. And on one of the few I thought about it, I have no real complaints about this great movie.
