Torrent was the first and last one for Greta Garbo. It was her first American film in MGM, the only studio in the US she'd ever worked for. It was also the last time someone else paid her for the credit that her manager was Ricardo Cortez. Torrent is based on the work of popular Spanish writer Vicente Blasco Ibanez Entre Naranjos. These are a few unnamed lovers, Garbo and Cortez, who can not get together, mostly due to the machinations of Cortez's mother, Marta Mattox. <br /> <br /> Mattox is a bad woman who has some idea of ​​who her son should marry. Do not forget that this is Spain, and such an organized marriage was quite right at these times. Mattox has Gertrude Olmstead in his head as a daughter, a descendant of Mack Swain, who is rich in raising pigs. Swain provides several moments of comical relief with his fear of the pigs before they grow up in the big old pigs to be killed. Blasco Ibanez had previous novels Four Apocalypse Riders and Blood and Sand previously shot by Rudolf Valentin at the head. Perhaps it would be interesting if Valentino and Garbo did it, but maybe it would not be if it was done. In any case, one of Valentino wannabes Ricardo Cortez will fill the masculine leadership. One of the reasons why Valentino may not want this movie to be because he is clearly the main character of Garbo, unlike the other two works,. When Cortez runs away with dirt and does what Mattox and her "adviser" banker Tully Marshall say, she leaves Spain and goes to France to become a great star of the opera. And there's a pretty scandalous life there. When he returns to Spain and tries to revive things, Mattox is even more outraged. He has a political career for his son. Cortez is now running for the Spanish Parliament, which is curiously called Cortes. <br /> <br /> The title refers to floods and dams that cause all the trouble in the countryside. In fact, Cortez suffers Torrent in a row of ships trying to save Garba from harm. When they gather, they have a brutal and frank discussion, the brutality of Garbo. The special effects here, primitive though they look now, are quite remarkable for their time. They look very similar to those used in the 20th century The Fox's The Rains Came, which came out in 1939 and which earned an Oscar for Special Effects. Unfortunately, Torrent came out a year before Oscar made his debut. I will not finish, so you have to see the movie and see if Cortez and Garbo gather at the end. Garbo was right to get horrifying opinions about her performance, and she was remarkably gentle in her role when she was overwhelmed by gesture by silent projection. So she'll be the rest of her career, she had a remarkable face for closeups. Though Greta Garbo would continue to do a much better job than Torrent, this film is still a fitting debut for her on the American big screen and very well keeps today's audience.
