MGM was not sure how Garbo entered the market when she first arrived in Hollywood. Mayer had a lot of confidence in her, and her appearance in Torrent justified it. She did not say a word in English, so it seemed hard to work and Ricardo Cortez did not do it for her. <br /> <br /> The stream of the title is the River Juscar, which runs through a sleepy little village in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) once hopes that her voice will bring rich and happy luck to the parents who fight. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love but are under their mother's thumb and can not force her to agree to his marriage. Meanwhile, Dona Brullo (Martha Mattox) evicted her parents from home and sent Leonor to Paris hoping to give her a chance for another singing career. Leonora sends Rafael a message and forces him to remember his promise and come with her. His mother is angry and forbids him to go - so of course, the cave at her request. Years to pass. Leonora has a new identity - she became La Brunna, the toast of Paris Opera. Rafael proved the way his mother wanted it - running around the office and liking a "safe" young girl, Remedios (Gertrude Olmstead), who is a "hereditary" heiress. Mack Swain plays his father. Leonora decides to visit her old home, and I agree - why did not her mother help her? Her mother still lives in a family home, works like skewers and has a wash. Leonor and Rafael meet, but Leonora is full of ridicule. Garbo is so magically beautiful, it's hard to believe he might be happy with Remedios. The dam is cracked and the current penetrates the city. Leonor's house is on the way to a stormy river, but when Rafael tries to save her, she finds it quite safe. Then it will ignite its romance again. There is a "horizontal" love scene in this movie, very similar to that in "Flesh and the Devil". Dona Brull's gossip about how Leonora really got her wealth, and Leonora believes her mother and tells Leonor to leave. Raphael meets Leonora just before he's going to America. Again, she intends to go with her, but leaves her again. He spent so much time listening to other people to destroy his reputation - "what he does for you, but he pulls you down." The irony is that she has been awarded top-level government work for her if she comes with her. They meet again, a few years later - it is as fresh and alive as ever before - looks older than his years, bowed to mediocrity. It's definitely a good movie with a positive message that follows your heart. <br /> <br /> Lucien Littlefield does a good job like Cupido, Barber and Leonora old and loyal friend. <br /> <br /> We are highly recommended.
