I got the opportunity to see this movie from 1926 in the generously restored theater, which was once part of the extensive Paramount chain of vaudeville houses. This Paramount has the authority of Mighty Wurlitzer? also generously restored - which was used to accompany the silent films of the day. <br /> <br /> We were happy to have Dennis James, a key figure in Mighty Wurlitzer's silent animation, a musical and thematic composition that suits the film. The print was an almost perfect digital copy of the rapidly decaying nitrate negatives, and the whole experience was once in the life of a chance to see the silent film as it should have been seen. <br /> <br /> was the first American film Greta Garbo. She was only 20 years old, but she already had six Swedish films in her repertoire. It is somewhat ironic that it is a silent film about an opera star; even though Mighty Wurlitzer added immensely to the mission on the scene, it was necessary to leave a lot of imagination. Do modern audiences for the most part not understand silent films? The acts were different, with extensive gestures and wide facial expressions. That's why the audience laughs at inappropriate times? acting is considered to be "hammams" and overcome? but it was just the style of this period. <br /> <br /> Garbo, with her subtlety, has done a lot in the new age of acting: she could say more with a half-closed eye and the volumes could be read by looking down or just shrugging. She is an example truism that "the picture is worth a thousand words." Although it is the first of Garbo's American films, it is obvious that the studio knew what they had in their hands: It was MGM's filming of his best. The sets and costumes were wonderful. Special Effects? which according to today's standards are weak enough? they were still electrifying and amazing. Scenario Vicente Blasco Ibanez (from the novel Entre Naranjos) seems to be tailored for Garbo; shows its strengths, increases its assets, and is not a problem with a language that will deal with it: a Swedish actress can play a Spanish tempter without any interruption of distrust on our part. Their star was the MGM answer to Rudolf Valentin: Ricardo Cortez. He does an admirable job and does something that the film would have little romantic stars today: let's look clumsy, look silly and unnecessarily old. <br /> <br /> There are some relatively good ones that are more than adequate to act on? especially when you look at the power plant that was Garbo. Notable among them are Lucien Littlefield as Cupido and Martha Mattox as "Doña Bernarda Brullová". <br /> <br /> This is when the extraordinary cameraman William H. Daniels met Garbo? they continued to shoot 20 films. (He was a cinematographer for 157 films and his career lasted five decades!) He was able to capture her ethereal beauty and his photos were primarily responsible for the moniker she became famous for: Divine Garbo. Without her spectacular abilities she would not be a success that she was. When you see this movie, it's a very rare opportunity: if you ever have a chance, do not miss it.
