Recapitulation: Zandalee is a young woman who is feeling more and more in her marriage to Thierry. Thierry himself struggles with the death of his father in the previous year and has lost his way. He himself dived into work, laid down his letter, and Zandalee desperately drops the attraction between them. Johnny and the old friend of Thierry, who once were artists in exile, join him. But Johnny continued painting and had only a day job on rent. He will take the day when he comes, and tomorrow he will go to his own destiny. Between Zandalee and Johnny there is an immediate brutal attraction and they enter the affair. But Zandalee struggles with the desire to be desirable and her conscience and love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, not Johnny, and Thierry, can stop the relationships between them to completely reverse control. Comments: It's set up as a thriller. But perhaps more heart thriller than a normal thriller, where life and death and the threat of violence are. Not that thriller heart can not assume fatal proportions, but the threat comes from another angle. And until the second half in Zandalee, until the thriller appears, even though it is the basis for being put in the first half, I can not really describe the genre as a thriller. More romantic drama than anything else, but with the streams of other genres. The developing thriller is there, but it also has more than a small shade of a sensual erotic kind. Because it's all that drives the characters and therefore the whole story. Desire. Need to have and need to be. In my opinion, it is quite good, certainly much better than its current (4.1) rating as well. It takes time, but a good sense of tension grows, and very well treats the erotic part with taste. It's always an integral part of the story, it must be there for the story to need weight, and I never felt it an excuse to show naked breast or something like that. Unfortunately, the top of the story comes well before the end, and the end itself feels like a flat, though dramatic in its own way. The cast is impressive, led by well-known actors such as Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. However, Erika Anderson almost stole the show. Beautiful and very proficient in playing some subtle feelings of desire, she excelled as Cage, so Reinhold sometimes went overboard and became a bit harsh. Her career is then too weak for the talent she shows in Zandalee, I just hope it's because of her own choice. Also, two personal favorites are appearing in small roles that add something extra to the movie: Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. When you're in the right mood, it's a very good movie, they've used another end to get the credit they really deserve. <br /> <br /> 7/10
