I saw today "New York: I love you" and loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing 'Paris is t'aime' and overall I think I liked this much better ... Maybe I have to watch 'Paris is t'aime' I do not know again .. I read some reviews about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without its errors. If you give tribute to a city like New York, it can be rather stunning and nothing seems fair enough to make the city fair ... so without looking at some of the shortcomings of the film, I will just write about what I do Unlike "Paris is t'aime, "in which every director was a short film properly divided and titled, NY: ILY is not and many reviewers have found here seamless stories and overlapping characters here unpleasant and even confusing. I was thinking differently. I loved the stories running up and I especially liked the overlapping characters - it could be admirable because it's so common in movies now. But I still liked it because I did not find it. And the idea that we are all connected in the end has a meaningful and even moody quality - some would find blood, but I am beautiful. I enjoyed all the movies, but the one who touched me the most was one of Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well done and written that the final revelation, which was not used in the past, brought me to tears and we cried over the whole segment that followed. I've always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. Those rare early seconds when standing alone in front of the restaurant, just before accepting the call - talking about bundles about Cooper's ability to mediate the character by being there without any chat. Most stories in this film are about celebrities who meet or meet for the first time, except for 4-5 stories in which characters have long known each other. It seemed to me (and maybe I was wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to take the point home, even to just retreat and see in the new light the people and the things we have known in our lives for a long time; to see people and things around you with the eyes of an alien and appreciate them just as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. Other films I liked were Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Gear, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Oliva Thirlby, Shekhar Kapur with Julia Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and again Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohanou when they're in the cafe. I really need to see more work from Yvan Attal because I like it a lot! <br /> <br /> Overall, watch this movie open minded. Read reviews before reading reviews! Maybe he will not meet your expectations of a film about love in New York, and I doubt that a movie will actually fulfill this concept. Just watch this movie for some good music, beautiful landscape cinema, some comfort of life and a story or two that could attract your heart.
