New York, I love you, you finally get to our shores, but her ten short stories of love have not found enough reason to be released through Valentine, probably because this year's festival also falls on the lunar New Year. with the usual LNY films, such as Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door), and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film during this period to achieve tremendous success. So why fix the formula that was not interrupted? <br /> <br /> Continuing in the concept where Paris is, T'aime started to multiply the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be the next, so says the end of the final credits here), here it is definitely about overlapping stories in one from cities in the world that allow different interpretations of filmmakers to come up with love-based stories as a theme, although someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points in the basic rules of sandstone and her short one was unceremoniously left out of the theater edition because she was unable to fit in all the others (well, it was shot in black and white) but here he hoped it does it on DVD at least. Structurally, this series is less divided, unlike its predecessor, which, when the memory serves me properly, had to set individual stories within its own limits and never really get rid of its artificially created frontier. Here is a little more freedom where characters from different stories interact with each other in short fill segments that are used to link scenes together, and not just rely on shooting shots from buildings and landscapes, in the hope that things seem a little more sublime with the idea of ​​casual encounters among strangers, although one story mistakenly accepted this idea for their own story to bring a surprise even when it was seen in Paris. One of the best drawings for sitting in a movie like this is definitely the creative force behind the stories, from writers, directors and cameramen from different geographic areas and backgrounds that reflect the makeup of a cosmopolitan city, gather for a conceptual film. And what else the star has also occupied with great names among the lesser known ones that have raised the ante through the picture to perfect performances, whether for the whole length of the short or as the support we build on. You can not deny Starfleet star recognition, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing duties), Rachel Bilson (looks like Bardot) to a blue man Spielberg Shia LaBeouf, who surprisingly can act and show more in his few minutes before his whole filmography. <br /> <br /> A story wise, like any anthology, you will find some that automatically appeal to you and along with others, 't. Some are in direct nature, while others have to come up with admirable twists and turns that fortunately worked. But these ten stories plus 1 (since Randall Balsmeyer was given the responsibility to integrate everything together for a more ecological feeling instead of just picking up shots from lesser known areas and set landmarks), he missed more and more anything from his predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality , compared to some of the fantastic elements in the previous movie (Elijah Wood's Dalance with Vampire by Someone?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle is, and Tom Tykwer starring Natalie Portman). Here, it seemed, the filmmakers decided very much for safety without going into the spirit of adventure and experiment. A small jerk aside, I still enjoyed almost all the shorts, unlike what many others felt. The format of the short film is still very lively, and their link to the City of Love feature works well and lets me think about which other cities are or were part of the set. I hope the franchise may get and expand its influence here. Surely we have enough productive creators who are joining Singapore, I love you, so I'm going through my fingers that something may happen on the way. Otherwise, the Sawasdee Bangkok is always the way that it simply does without any attachments to the rules of the franchise house.
