Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Guy Williams (as a cousin who was brought in several episodes in 1964 to replace Adam when he left the show). The cast had chemistry and seemed to really like it. This caused many of their weakest stories to perform much better than they had. It also made many of their best stories into a great western drama. <br /> <br /> Just like any show that shoots more than thirty episodes each season, they are definitely weak. Mostly, however, each episode had an interesting story, some conflict, and a solution that mostly did not include violence. While Bonanza was Western, the prosecution was never seen as the main attraction. While I'm a fan of The Rifleman and Wanted: Dead or Alive; these shows usually ended in fighter races. The Gunfights were how many conflicts solved each conflict, and Bonanza tried to strive for peaceful resolution and harmony instead of killing. In the early years of Bonanza there are some interesting episodes, lots of firearms. These episodes are unlike other parts of the series, but they are quite good and in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams was forced to replace him. Williams played the role of a long lost cousin. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided to stay for another year, and Williams was listed in the series when he moved to marry Adam's old girlfriend. If Williams stayed for Bonanza, one could only wonder how much better it would be in the years after 1965, when Pernell Whitaker left the show. Undoubtedly, once Pernell Whitaker left the series, stories focused more on comedy and country hijinks. Whitaker often played heavy in many episodes, and his absence left a void in the cast. Little Joe always wanted to play a pretty kid and Hoss always wanted to play a good old golden-hearted boy. Because Ben was a kind and wise patriarch of the family, he did not leave too much room for weapons. At some point, they hired a ranch called Candy (David Canary), who became their fourth cast member, but Candy had never performed in any weapon, and it was no more than an older version of Little Joe. In a year or two, Ben also had some other lost cousin (Jamie, played by an unforgettable Mitch Vogel) who was a teenager who usually got into a problem with someone. By adding teenagers, the studio tried to attract younger audiences. This also gave writers an opportunity to write episodes about teen, alcohol, crime, etc. These preaching episodes were popular in the 1960s as a reaction to the establishment of media on the anti-cultural movement. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of television laws and orders, though Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and many other shows have also tried to jump on bandwagon by doing television shows featuring irresponsible teenagers causing disorder, chaos and crime. Adding a teenager to the cast gave Cartwrights a better chance of solving the problem and solving problems, but the episodes feel very inventive and not very good overall. After Dan Blocker died, the series was transformed for another year before it was canceled. The last season was pretty bad because Little Joe watched his wife's murderers and most of the episodes were somewhat depressing because Little Joe usually drinks or otherwise remembered how much she loved her wife and how unfair it was she was killed. I do not think I ever saw the last episode of the series and I wonder if they have officially packed it. Last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) actually lived on Ponderose because Adam stopped (and never returned as a guest) and Hoss died and little Joe left after his wife's series) was killed by drifters. Overall, the 1959-1965 era is the best of this series. As soon as Adam left, he slowly dropped. Most shows before 1970 are pretty good. In 1970, the series tried hard to be hip and up-to-date and lost a lot of Western flavor. The addition of Candy and the teenage child also diluted the overall quality of the performance and the death of Hoss (Dan Blocker) was the last nail. Bonanza is probably the best western series ever produced, and of the 465 episodes that have been produced, at least one of them is an outstanding Western drama! That's a pretty good record. Even the worst Bonanza is better than a lot of other TV shows.
