I grew up in this classic Western series and as a child I always considered it a treatment that could stay late on Sunday night to watch her. Bonanza is still unlimitedly observable in re-runs. The series records the Cartwright family's adventures living on a ranch at Virginia City, Nevada around the time of the Civil War. Their ranch (called Ponderosa) runs and defends a widowed father, Ben and his three sons, Adam, Hoss and Little Joe. These three brothers have other mothers, all of whom died before. Cartwrights are a hard working, prosperous and honest family that is highly respected in these parts. Ponderosa is large, so its limbs require a lot of horseback riding. Such trips are often necessary for the purchase or sale of cattle and so on. Needless to say, just a few of these excursions do not end. Although hospitable, much of the Cartwright energy has to be spent to protect their ranch from interlopers, or to protect themselves from cities that are jealous of their prosperity and starry reputation. Cartwrights do a lot of their guns in the air and the like, but they just shoot to kill when they find it absolutely necessary. They are involved in various urban affairs, even in political life in Nevada. <br /> <br /> One of the main assets of this series is the basic warmth that is always (despite casual disagreements) always between Ben and his three sons and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. One brother could sometimes beat another, but generally he has a good reason at that time, and his anger never lasts long! Characters are very well cartooned. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man with great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and touching brothers, left in the middle of the series. Middle Brother Hoss is a tiny field of teddy bear who has an insatiable appetite and is quite eager at the lady. The youngest, little Joe is a hot-headed, handsome magician who, on the contrary, has a pretty good path with women. This trio of brothers enjoys different novels, but their love hobbies are typically destroyed until the end of the episode, otherwise marriage is impossible for any reason. The actors are all star in their roles, including Pernella Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and of course Lorne Greene as Principal Family Patriarch Ben. I also like a chef ranch, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. This is a gorgeous action packed western with great value. Cartwrights are always noble heroes and most bad people are pretty bad. If there were only such programs as Western western television these days!
