Walt Disney and his 9-year-old men have built their own 1950s on their classic Cinderella tale, which in my opinion will help create an unofficial trilogy of "fairy-tale princesses" from classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> PLOT: Cinderella is a pretty girl who can not catch a break. She is the daughter of a handsome and rich widow who loved her, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother, so she finally married the woman who became known as Lady Tremaine, the widow herself two daughters of the same age as Popelka, Anastasie and Drizella. It seemed that everyone had first come, but then Father Cinderella died, and the true nature of Lady Tremain was revealed - it was a cold, cruel, cruel, heartless heart, and she went through these peculiarities to her daughters who were corrupt, brothers and equally rational . Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know that it is better to look and overall a prettier and more attractive lady than herself (ie, more appealing to men) and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for almost the same reasons. Over the past year, Lady Tremaine has begun to empty her family wealth in a stubborn but futile effort to refine her unpleasant, unattractive daughters (calling them "cozy" would be an insult to domestic people everywhere), while all three have pushed Cinderella into being a multi-tasking servant , abuse it, abuse her and humiliate her every opportunity to get (they are particularly happy to increase her already absurd workload). It brings us to Cinderella in the present, where it has blossomed into a good-looking young lady who will surely be able to stay kind and kind over her inappropriate family of steps and holds the hope that one day her table will become her. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her shot of freedom and happiness when a royal ball takes place to introduce the local prince to a suitable young girl to take her as a wife, to settle, to start a family, etc. Her natural family of course, she tries to prevent her from attending her, even so far as to physically attack her and tear apart the clothes she had herself (with little help from her friends - we dress belonged to her biological mother). Eventually she pulled herself up for her break, Cinderella ran to the courtyard, and desperately wept. At that moment, her fairy tale, a short, crazy, cheerful woman who delivers Cinderella's transport and a remodeled dress (after all, Cinderella would not have a good impression on her if she came to the scene to look for a gang raped). Cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but that midnight sting rule enters the way, forcing her to escape, but leaving behind the glass slippers. Make a long story short - After a long horrifying effort to find a mysterious girl through a glass on a glass slipper, Cinderella appears, and she and the prince get married and give her a happy end to deserve. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a fun Disney classic. Not without its shortcomings, of which the most important thing is that the Prince is just a little more than MacGuffin, which helps to move the conspiracy - has very little time on the screen and even less dialogue, so we will never find it well or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate because, according to the filming of the documentary, the prince had originally had a bigger role to play) and several other scenes to help the body of Cinderella themselves could be useful (there was a song that turned out to be turning into an army of maids to clean up the house and listen to their post-family postbalballs to show the fun of their jealousy that was cut because Walt himself thought it looked angry.) However, Cinderella itself is quite heroin, even though her friends are denying it, and there is the sweetness of the film, which is getting harder today. Of course, if it were done now, Cinderella would probably raise more of her fight against her family during the scene of the tearing scene and would probably free herself at the top (either by picking her lock himself or doing an impractical yet exciting jump down from her window ), but it's next. And for all those who say Cinderella is a bad example for young girls, consider it - at least Cinderella did not come around publicly drunk and indecently exposed, unlike some "modern" princesses (you know who I mean).
