Of all the princess stories released by Disney, Cinderella is probably the greatest attraction. I can not really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation throws it at the top of its lists. Like a little girl I wanted nothing but Cinderella with a glass glider - it was my absolute favorite costume. I honestly do not think there is any story that would be more aware of the desires of the human heart than Cinderella. Who never wanted to escape the villains of everyday life and find someone who sees you as if no one else had it? The story is older than the English language and somehow it still sounds like it. <br /> <br /> As for the characters, if anything else, Disney can make a wonderful villain. Lady Tremaine is the evil T, in an amazingly quantifiable, not obviously physical way. Her cutting tongue and her eyes do work for her - she does not need staff lighting to put fear into your heart. Animal friends tend to scratch, especially the idiot Gus. I'd like to joke if he met Lucifer's jaws. Cinderella itself was not powerful - sometimes she made some honest notes. However, she simply lacked the effort to make her absolutely sympathetic. Sure, she was pretty and fed the animals, but what kept her in that place? We never know. Even if she became a maid in another house, she would at least get paid and should be respected. It seems that the only reason Cindy develops in the end is that everything falls on his lap. She never works for her dreams that sing so lovingly. Which brings me to music that is beautiful, as always. Ilene Woods has a beautiful, rich voice, probably my favorite any Disney heroine. Some great standards have arisen here - the dream is a wish your heart makes, so it is love, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo ... Cinderella is a wonderful hearty tale with a ton of musical notices. While some character development is lacking, it provides some classic villains and excellent voice work. If you feel bad about your heart, fuck it - it will warm you up and you will have fun Mmm Mmm Well! <br /> <br /> Citation: <br /> <br /> - Surprise! Surprise! -Douh duh duh - All the best!
