12. Animated Disney classic is a sensible film narrated by a simple story. Even though it is a bit later, it deserves a place on the list of classic Disney disks. It's not Disney's top work, but it's satisfying. One of Disney's "simplest" events, yes, but keeps a certain spell and spell (which is old Disney famous). It was an important movie because Disney had rescued him from the tricky situation. If it was a mistake, there would be no other animated Disney classic. <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is a return to the first animated classic Disney ("Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs") because it brings back a fairy tale genre. It's not clear where the story is going, but I suppose it's somewhere in France because it's based on a story by Charles Perrault. There are a lot of reminders like Cinderella, Prince, Bruno (Dog), Jaques and Gus (two main mice), fairy-tale fairy-tales (for sure, fun), birds, King and Grand Duke. <br /> <br /> Jaques is very smart and fun. I love his voice. Indeed, this mouse has a similar quality. Gus may not be so smart, but it's funny. The King is cheerful, but I think what makes him so fun is his short temper. The Grand Duke is also very cool and fun. They are two of my favorite characters in this movie and they are responsible for many of the most fun moments. Prince is sure to be one of Disney's most enchanting. There is no doubt that Prince Philip of the "Dart Beauty" was inspired by this prince because they are very similar. On the other hand, Lady Tremaine (stepmother) should not be sex because it is cold, jealous, bitter and cruel. Her daughters (Anastacia and Drizella) are not much better than she. However, the stepmother is not as unpleasant as her ugly and selfish daughters. Cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. Cinderella is soft, sweet, nice and nice. By the way, I think her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the one given by fairy-tales. Lucifer (cat) is cheerfully ominous. The way he walks blows his nose into the air, and those arrogant and snob's facial expressions make him funny. Paradoxically, she resembles her stepmother in terms of personality. He always agrees with the attitude of his stepmother to Cinderella. Lucifer has the real name for him because he is such a devilish and dear cat. Still, nothing about him is annoying. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack is simple but enjoyable even though it's not the best among Disney. The best song in this movie is "Bibiddi Bobiddi Boo". There are a lot of well-known talented voice actors such as James MacDonald, Marion Darlington, Eleanor Audley, Verna Felton and Luis Van Rooten. <br /> <br /> Despite being simple, the film has good drawings, as well as its nice details, although there is never something "out of this world". The King's Palace, however, is a magnificent masterpiece that is truly magnificent and colossal.
