As a young boy, I always hated "Cinderella" because I was dressed up by two sisters when my parents were thinking about what to buy Disney movie. I wanted to "Dumbo," but my sisters won and we got "Cinderella". They were looking at the film thoroughly while I was collapsing with my star action stars in the back of the room. Since then, many have changed. My love for Disney theme parks brought me an internship at Walt Disney World and now I have two young nieces. I'd like to show Disney as much as possible, and recently we've been watching Cinderella together. With my new award for everything Disney is, I looked at Cinderella with a new perspective and was amazed at what I saw. From the beginning of the film I did not understand why Cinderella was caught in such a terrible situation. Why was she a slave for her foster family and why she could not escape? I was not very sympathetic to Cinderella, but as the story progressed, I found myself immersed in the story. Maybe I was attracted by charming animations or funny characters, or maybe they were timeless songs. Listening to songs like "Bibbidy-Bobbidy-Boo" and "The Dream is the wish of your heart makes" some way of taking me back to the theme parks. I can imagine that in a carefree and fun atmosphere, when I look at the amazingly inspiring Cinderella Castle. Something about this movie just raises the Disney spell. That can do a lot of people, but go to the Magic Kingdom and see all the little girls dressed as Cinderella who are thrilled to be in this fantasy world and you will know what I'm talking about. Paintings Cinderella and glass slippers - like Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh and Tinkerbell - embody why Disney is one of the most popular companies in the world. While "Cinderella" may not be the most powerful story, it's something cult in Disney and the history of the film. It is a fun, idealistic and fantastic miracle we held when we were children. I imagine this movie has a lot of meaning for many, many people out there. Maybe it's not my favorite Disney movie, but it's what I love and admire about the company. <br /> <br /> My IMDb rating: 10/10. My Yahoo! Stage: A (Outstanding)
