People have criticized Disney's animated elements of the 1950s that they are too shiny, in countries that are too pristine. This criticism is fair. And yet it can not be the whole story because the least shiny - "Alice in the Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, in a world where it is very dirty is clearly the best. The backgrounds are fine and consistent; colors are clean without being too bright. Animations are a bit different. I swear that some people are rotoscopes - but then, rotoscopic people (including Cinderella itself) are not full characters in the scenario, so this approach works well. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio has never used animals like totemas like that before. Mice are, for example, creatures that attract us into the story; but they are actually representatives or allies of multicolored Cinderella. The Cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch known to a Tortured Mother. (The Cat is greatly conceived and animated - one of the best cat creatures of all time, Ward Kimball watching the animator, and he modeled it on his own cat, thinking how to deal with the animal.) This approach allows animals to skip the show without our main attention caught our attention. Their actions are most interesting only in the light of the main story. Among the supportive occupation, remarkable people are the king and the Duke. The King has one note figure - he wants grandchildren and seems to have no other desires at all - but the note is delighted in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a character who deserves to be brought out of his sphere, just like Cinderella. (Although he is of course richer.) "Cinderella" is a return to features after an eight-year break, and neither with him nor with any other film would not capture the raw brilliance of his early years. In addition, he did things for himself with a heavy selection of "Cinderella". He's a passive heroine, and there's not much to do with it. (It may be wrong at this point - I have not seen the recent "Ever After".) However, it is remarkable how successful Disney was when she brought this immense story to life without interrupting the grain of her spirit.
