The legendary producer of Walt Disney has brought the world's three biggest fairytales. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his pioneering classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves", which was released in 1937. Last was the then-honored "Sleeping Beauty", which debuted in 1959. Among the two was perhaps his most successful adaptation to the classic fairytale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful origin. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", for better or worse, it has become a definitive version of the story for many. Cinderella did not follow the same path. Though it was a hit and as "Snow White" was responsible for recovering Disney's riches, it never achieved the same recognition of the audience it deserved. Disney had once boasted, decided not to change with classics, but rather to develop and add stuff to the story rather than rewriting it on the screen. The result was charming. <br /> <br /> The combination of excellent animation (in beautifully soft Technicolor) and perfect voice talents have brought the story to life with a luster that lasts until today. Ilene Woods, who was a radio artist, recorded demonstration songs as a favor to Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard, he knew he found Cinderella. And he did. Woods's heartfelt rendition of "The Desire is a Wish Your Heart Does," "That's Love," and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would give the voice of "Sleeping Beauty" the voice of Maleficent, was masterfully capturing the half-hearted cruelty of a half-mother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly ugly assistants. Luis Van Rooten admirably performed as both King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was cute like Jaq and Gus, Cinderella devoted to the mouse. William Phipps has little dialogue as Prince (the future talk show host Mike Douglas assuming his singing voice), but the movie (and Disney) veteran, Verna Felton was born to play a fairy godmother and she did the best number (Oscar nominated "Bibbidi-Bobbidi -Boo ") her own show-stopper. Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspirational use of color admired Disney. Her elegant background from the French period greatly contributes to the quality of the film. But the most important of all "are believable characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the deliciously bad cat of a stepbrother, bringing life and vibration to a story often narrated, which is very difficult to create in an animated film. will be the next holiday season) "Cinderella" just came out on a special DVD It just never looked better The fully restored film must be considered awards - just say it looks amazing Enhanced stereo sound was added and served music well DVD accessories, now the standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to be listed here, but as usual some are aimed at children, some are tilted to adults and the rest falls somewhere between them, but true fans will want to get a Deluxe Gift Set because they with a real cell from the film and eight characteristic sketches of contains a 160-page book that contains not only the majority of the material found in the 1995 Special Edition Housebook, but much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So if you are like me, you are a mistress of "Cinderella", get it now! This release is really "Dream Come True".
