I think it was Ebert, who gave Stelle four of the four stars, but I have never read a positive overview of this sadly misunderstood drama about class divisions, love and sacrifice (three themes of the most romantic stories or films in common). <br /> <br /> Here is the main topic of class division. Stella is a story of an American depression. It was said that it was transferred to the screen in such an unforgettable way that this remake (if you ask Stanwyck or two fans) was not exactly appreciated. The fans of the original never made it a chance. Moreover, this version of Stella was made in the 1990s, not exactly at a time of great financial difficulties in America (like depression). Now is the time to remove the pink glasses, amid the new era of recession and poverty in America, and you will see that this strong story is still true, it is timely and relevant as ever in its updated format. Yes, class division is the main topic here. Stella is a poor working, free, with big dreams, but little hope of realizing these dreams. He works in the bar, he does not have much money, lives in a crazy apartment. You get drift. He does not want to get out of bed in the morning. On her wall, pictures of movie stars he prayed. A man sees his dance at the bar. He is rich, educated, of a higher class family who has nothing to do with Stella. Its main concern is to attend the Ivy League School, it is how to pay rent to be "happy". They have a matter. They like each other. Stella is pregnant. Stella's talking about it. His answer? "What about the abortion?" He replies, "I just wanted a room full of balloons." He adds balloons and design, but he sees that his heart is not in him and has too much pride before he accepts. She will send her the packaging. In the end, her daughter breaks between the two lifestyles - the love she has for her mother, and the benefits and happiness and love her rich father has brought her. Stella, herself and unloved, and did not want her daughter to become as unhappy as her sometimes, makes a final sacrifice. She gives up the only love and happiness she has ever known to secure the happiness of her daughter, and perhaps live with hope and hope because she knew that at least her daughter found something to live for. , for film. Everything is alright. Beautiful score, gorgeous cinematography, great stage designer (the contrast between these two ways of life, broken, etc. And decorated houses), amazing and cordial performance of the entire cast, with Bette Midler, especially Oscar-worthy. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is much more important and well done than you believed.
