since the detective stories of Dashiel Hammett and Raymond Chandler are in the cinema as a fox in a chicken basket - they really create a definitive modern American genre and style in the process - those that could be called fiction from the age of the Golden Age, any impression. The problem with books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or SS Van Dine (whose work the film is based on) is that they have low activity or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe pass through the middle streets of LA, classrooms, bars, offices, wealthy mansions and encounters with a variety of exciting dangers and violence, fiction from the age of the Golden Age is generally determined on the spot, instead of murder, usually a rich country house, and the action is limited to investigating traces and interviewing suspects. This is a very static procedure, the plot consists of a puzzle. <br /> <br /> This is, of course, as ideological as anything else, stories about the Golden Age that deal with a society hostile to change and movement; hard war novels capture urban reality, which is increasingly deferred from the center (both authorities and cities), divided into hostile, sometimes uncontrollable and injustice camps. Another big problem with the fiction of the Golden Age is the character - because we can not know the answer to the crime to the end, we can not gain access to the motives or emotions of the characters that are defined only by their potential need to murder. Detective, unlike the anxious, prejudices of buried private eyes, is just there to be brilliant and maybe a bit eccentric. The problem with most movies from the Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school holiday and ultimately look stupid. There have been successes, such as the radical overhaul of Ellera Queen and other Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world there are really only two. Alistair Sim classic, "Green for Danger", works because it pushes form almost into parody without betraying integrity or interest in secrecy. Before that, Michael Curtiz's brilliant "Kennel Murder Case" story is a pure golden age, reflecting a nasty character that gives a number of potential suspicious reasons to kill him, and he is properly murdered in a seemingly carefree manner, suggesting suicide, falling into the locked room. The cartoon police officers hopelessly fall on bait: it's Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, old and fat, not to see these ideas, open a suitcase from the room and eventually solve the case, because the corpse is a bit more than a pretense of intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> What's interesting, it's not a detective plot - which may be unsatisfactory as all the solutions are - although it's rarely less fun and full of comic bits of trade There is not even a real attempt to "rebut" the image of the perfect detective - there is one worrying scene when brutally Sergeant threatens the murder suspect, without protest from Vance, but that's about it. <br /> <br /> What is the sign of "Kennel" as a classic of its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered to be a great author because he has no consistent motifs or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest artist in Hollywood and he is in a sensational form. if the detective story of the Golden Age is just a puzzle, Curtiz considers this idea as a logical extreme, creates an abstract variation on its source, reduces narration, the character and location of geometry, a series of lines, from beautiful art deco sets to famous camera movements that suddenly fall apart from the static composition and how they furiously slide at an angle, crush the dead decor into life. This treatment is appropriate for a story that definitely rejects realism, a pattern that makes a detective plot into a mirror hall like two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from the book "Unresolved Secrets". This fantastic world of ugly rich men who collect Oriental relics (Moonstone shades?), Unimaginable Chinese servants, former painters, dog lovers, Runyon cops, is a perfect habitat for Vance, to leave Europe to a fantasy that recognizes the social world of these people, yet is concerned about the interest in crime and association with the police, or if he was not more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of decades, bravely captures his idiosyncratic humanity. But if the treatment is clear, the peak is extremely brutal, including malevolent dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective to prevent crime are guilty of instigating one.
