Some movies that every horror fan owes himself and Emilio Miraglia "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" aka. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. With Gialli and Gothic stories, which are my two favorite genres in Horror, I was looking forward to seeing this film for a while, and although I had high expectations, this masterpiece surpassed my greatest hope. Miraglia's older Giallo, "The Night Evelyn Out Of The Grave" (1971), was a ghostly and highly atmospheric film that successfully mixed Giallo with a Gothic mountain but could not cope with this instant personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is, with her hands down, one of the most unique and stunning movies of Italian horror he has ever done, and no lover of this genre may have thought he was missing. Incredibly glamorous Giallo with strong Gothic elements, "The Red Queen," brings everything you could hope for, either in a genre: An ingenious and unbelievably convincing plot, trembling seizures, an amazing captivating environment and a truly spooky atmosphere, colors, stylish murders, brilliant scores and, last but not least, a stunning female cast led by the stunningly beautiful Barbare Bouchet - this movie is simply one of the most distinctive combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film starts incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As a little girl, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn fight when their grandfather tells the story behind an incredibly spectacular picture: Legend has it that every shady Red Lady returns to the castle every hundred years and kills seven people. Fifteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people start killing ... Director Miraglia has already demonstrated his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and varied creeping with "The Night Evelyn came from the grave" and uses these elements more effectively in this gem. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a true feast for the eyes and one of the most stunning Italian horror films, both visually and conspiratorial. A funny painting at Grandfather Castle is able to give the audience goose bits. The Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as it is called the English title) is probably the wildest figure ever in Gilal, the flu laughter accompanying the murders would even terrify. <br /> <br /> Sexy female actor is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is an excellent example. Enjoyable Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful women ever to appear on the screen, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has won a number of Italian films, among others, he has appeared in three of the greatest cultural masterpieces of the Italian 1970s: "Milano Calibro 9" Fernando Di Leo, "Giallo" torture duckling "and this unforgettable jewel. her beautiful female cast includes sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti and other beauty who are not afraid to wear for the camera. <br /> <br /> In the whole movie, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant but scary and frightening, and some of they are pretty bloody, and Bruno Nicolai's charming score is just as remembered as it happened and makes the movie an intensely annoying atmosphere even more damning, the plot is ingeniously complex and full of fattening, the tension increases with every minute. "The Red Queen ..." starts scary and stays stunning for the last second. Overall, it's one of the films that I can find enough words. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily belongs to the highest quality Gialli ever produced and the top priority of every horror fan and / or Italian cinema. 10/10
