Michael Curtiz drove this 1930s very stylish whodunit from scenarios by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel, which adapted, was "the case of killing a kennel", perhaps from the point of view of the writer, the best of the secrets of Philo Vance strange S. Van Dina. Vance was a long-standing and superior detective genius, and his character assigned to William Powell was likely to indicate that Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility that the detective might alienate viewers in less concerned hands. Luckily, he had first assigned William Powell to him; later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being assigned to the "B" status. Another issue, as always with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a character; their liking was the choice of men outside the law without any obvious discrimination between the murderous killer and the warrior against the individual rights against all the incoming. This film has a disdainful villain who is murdered, and a claustrophobic-challenging environment inside the apartment complex. The figures are undoubtedly unusually well done, the direction is rather good and unusually fast; and in addition to the dark black and white appearance, the film avoids comedic parties, superfluous characters, and irrelevant dialogue that is characteristic of many early detective records. Jack Okey made a good artistic direction. Berhard Kaun's music is functional; Orry-Kelly made costumes. William Reese provided cinematography mostly inside. In an interesting cast, Powell Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober, with a mere hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual and plays very well as an admiring Vance police partner with very professional timing. The second best actor is a handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as ever in what was written as the red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she was talking a bit too fast to be as effective as she later did. Also in the actors were Helen Vinson as a rogue woman, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as brother Frank Morgan), Robert Barrat as a rascal who has every reason to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his sympathetic brother with Robert McWade as DA ; strange and humorous Etienne Girardot has a wonderful funny role as a funny little practitioner who comes to the scene of the crime. James Lee as an abusive Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story breaks down into four parts. At first, shadow events are held at the dog show, where all Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show the West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed, Coe, to prevent him from winning the title over his own entry. The second part of the scene includes holidays; someone is pretty confused about who left where Coe said goodbye to his girlfriend, Vinson, accidentally murdering his dear brother. Enter Vance to find out who did the Archer Coe in the locked room and how to use the palette; romantic troubles are straightened, the Chinese servant is liberated, we find out who broke the dear weight, who will marry whom Archer Coe was done with, and why the valet did not - but someone else with good apology did. It is much more than a good secret that the ingenious Hungarian director Curtiz took seriously. He used napkins, fast cuts, camera angle changes, and alternation between straightforward and brave cameras to achieve diversity, interest and sustained pace. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, consider it the best of Vance's projects, although others are also predictable.
