"Markham," says urban planner Philo Vance (William Powell) District Counsel: "More and more I come to believe that Archer Coe was killed in this room. The poker, the dagger, now these chips ... it's here. '' But Vance, "says Markham," you mean the dead man went upstairs? " "I'm trying to tell you something other than facts," says Vance. "This is the most notable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. Rich, arrogant Archer Coe did not like, it seems that everyone who knew him, were found fallen on a chair in his bedroom, the gun in his hand and a gunshot wound to the head. But wait. Another examination shows that Coe was badly hit by a blunt tool that broke his skull. Then there is the back of the dagger in your back. The complicated matter is that the doors and windows of all the Coe doors were locked from inside. Coe was no suicide; it was a murder. But how could the killer escape? What was the specific motivation because there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the wardrobe? <br /> <br /> Case Case Murder Case, now 73 years old, still adds a stylish look to the old classical lockable room. What makes it work the same way it does is, first, the secret is complicated and clever, but still logical. Secondly, it's a fun, assured performance by William Powell. Consider his work as Phila Vance as something like a test for his great performances like Nick Charles. A few things have missed Vance. He uses his mind to divide things together. It's also a good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and constantly moved up in position and popularity when they took over the talk. His intelligence, style, and carefree sophistication have made him one of the most up-to-date seeming actors of the past. <br /> <br /> It is also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, abominable and potentially rich Coe department; Paul Cavanaugh as Brit title floats around Hilda; Helen Vinson in her immortal and selfish way (see how she really does things in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a young older man, as an agitated doctor Doremus, whose work as a coroner and medical examiner is still taking him from food; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary of Archer Coe. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged, fat-free men who can easily wear comfortable, tailor-made English sewing. Most is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are longtime friends who really like it.
