I feel a bit of protection for this film, because it was my introduction to U.N.C.L.E. The year was 1972 and I.T.V. launched all eight elements in one bumper run (followed by re-runs 'The Persuaders' starring Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday night. "Karate Killers" was chosen to open the season. It began with a good action sequence because Solo and Kuryakin's sports car were attacked by THRUSH mini-copter squadron. I've been a fan of life since that moment. <br /> <br /> After the main actions (nice to see the special sequence of the title instead of the usual practice of slowing down the action shots), we go to the laboratory Dr. Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor of a new formula for extracting gold from sea water. True wife Amanda (Joan Crawford) has a relationship with THRUSH agent Randolph (Herbert Lom). The merciless guy actually kills both the doctor and his wife before he hits the formula. The truth was prepared for this event - split it into five segments, each written in one's own photograph, and sent it to five daughters scattered all over the world. Solo and Kuryakin went on to get the formula first, which led to a number of episodes in various places and cameras from celebrities such as Telly Savalas (as a tough Italian Countess), Terry-Thomas and Curt Jurgens. One of the Dr.True - Sandy (Kim Darby) - is accompanied by U.N.C.L.E. boys to their global search. <br /> <br /> Once the formula has been set up, THRUSH will appear and let it pass before it jumps to the secret base on the North Pole ... <br /> <br /> Of all the UNCLE feature films, this is the one about which I think should be made specifically for the cinema. It will hurt by being a television product, though one is slightly more expensive than usual. No on-site filming has taken place and the different segments appear to be recurring, usually culminating in scrap between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. From filming Joan Crawford is unforgettable in her small role, and Curt Jurgens is badly miscast like Dad's sugar. Like London's bobby, Terry-Thomas is as gorgeous as ever, and Herbert Lom is a good villain. Kim Darby grows like "Sandy". She should be told she must stay at home. What's surprising is that she can be more entertaining and entertaining than many official movie releases, including "In Like Flint," "Casino Royale," and "The Ambushers." I would like to know how Solo and Society escaped from THRUSH H.Q. after Randolph's death.
