It could have been a better movie. He does it in points, and the central story moves from Boyer who completed his mission to Boyra, who avenged the death of Wanda Hendrix, but Graham Greene is an author that is really hard to spoil. His stories are all stories of morality, due to his own reflections on Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his global perspective) and human condition. Boyer is a well-known Luis Denard concert pianist who, in the Spanish Civil War, stood up with the Republicans. He was sent to England to try to make an arms deal that is desperately needed. Unfortunately for Denard it is literally in itself - each of his contacts will prove to be a willing transition for Spanish falagists. Especially Katina Paxinou (Mrs. Melendez), careful breeder and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras), a teacher of the international language "Esperanto". Wanda Hendrix is ​​a girl (Else) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken), is already a willing co-worker of the Falangists. The British (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander and Best - if not the Worst - on the Side, George Coulouris) Boyer's cause is not too much hope (soon to understand that maybe Britain will be long). Herbert and Mander have just retreated behind the official policy of neutrality ordered by the governments of Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin during the Civil War. Coulouris is a typical type of Col. Blimp - always perfect in his native English diction, is sharply showing his dislike for foreigners in general. One ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here she tries to play her role as well as she can but can not really. She is an aristocrat, the daughter of the prince. It was the second film Bacalla and (sadly) almost sank her long career. She plays well, but the spark she discovered in her first film was due to the double effect of playing with Humphrey Bogart and director Howard Hawks. Boyer is a fine actor, but Bogie and Herman Shumlin are not Hawks. Her next film returned her to Bogie and Hawks and her star re-enrolled. It's a fearless film (just like a novel). Boyer's mission never succeeds because it has too many hidden enemies in place. But villains are just as much a loser - often with their lives. Dan Seymour as a suspected foreign tenant Katina Paxinou (and the person who destroys her). It's a great deal to watch Warner play a lot of actors doing the best because of the weakness in the direction.
