Gregory Peck's brilliant portrait of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely through his abolition as UN commander during the Korean War, gives reason to believe in all three of the above. Definitely the most controversial US General of World War II (and perhaps at all) MacArthur is introduced here as a man with massive contradictions. He claims that soldiers are particularly fond of peace, but apparently glory in war; constantly denies any political ambitions, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to become a candidate for the presidency; is clearly convinced that soldiers under his command must obey his orders to this letter, but he deliberately defies the orders of the United States president; he has a great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan), yet he is completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout the film, and eventually the viewer will be able to draw his own conclusions about this man, although it is clear that MacArthur loved his country and, in particular, the army, he made his life. Peck's performance was, as I said, brilliant - actually basically eclipsing virtually everyone else in the movie (which is probably appropriate considering who's been showing!) Except for Ed Flanders. Still, I offered a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude to MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referred to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated, and ultimately utterly frantic with this general who simply will not respect his authority as president. Marj Dusay was also interesting as MacArhura's wife, Jean, who devoted herself to her husband (whom she herself referred to as "general," though their relationship seems to be quite happy). I really liked this movie, though I might like to learn a bit more about Macarthur's early life. I always laughed when I was MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower, who was elected president ("he will make a good president - he was the best damned clerk I have ever done"), which probably sums up what MacArthur thought the president's role should be, especially to military commanders during the war.) It is worth watching. 8/10
