It is remarkable that my is only the third show of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory," producer Frank McCarthy is the former biography of the controversial US general of the Second World War, has so far attracted nearly a hundred comments. Like the previous reviewer, I'm also interested in why one film should get much more attention than the other. The only difference between these two films is that Patton is more focused and focuses on a relatively short period of time and immediately after the end of World War II, while MacArthur includes not only this war but also its role in the Korean War as well as his period as an American governor of occupied Japan during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference lies in the way in which two leaders are playing. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton '. While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, playing opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in "MacArthure" are the names of households, at least for their film work. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as an aggressive and fiercely tempered man who was sometimes in war with the rest of the human race, not just the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was as volcanic as Patton, but it is not as he appears in this film. Peck's MacArthur has more reflexive, thoughtful bending comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes he appears to be a political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could be written by a paid member of the CND, and his policy of reforming the Japanese society during the American occupation had a semi-socialist air. In an effort to show what MacArthur's gift inspires leadership, Peck makes him an excellent speaker, but his speeches always testify more to the tricks of practical rhetoric than to a fire in his heart. It's like Atticus Finch of "To Kill and Mockingbird" puts the uniform of the general. While Scott tried Patton's "warts and all" portraits, criticism was made that "MacArthur" is trying to overlap some of the less attractive features of his subject. I think this criticism is fair, especially with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a great general who dared to confront the intruding, militarily unconscious politicians who did not know how to fight the war and was thrown out for his pain when the victory was in his grasp. Many historians have, of course, the impression that Truman was forced to take MacArthur because his behavior became a threat to world peace, and had no choice but to take a hell of a situation because Stalin would not allow his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during the Korean scenes, Peck MacArthur encounters that he is much more ideal than his original original; we see little about his inertia and naivety about political affairs. (Truman's remark about political reputation knows how a pig knows about Sunday, Eisenhower says, but it could also be used for Macaurthra's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of the MacArthur warts reflects the period in which it was made. The end of the 1970s after Vietnam's twin traumas and Watergate was a difficult time for America, and the public looking for assurance could welcome the soothing heroic depiction of the military of the previous generation. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it falls between two stools. If it were to be a complete biography of MacArthur, there should be something out of his early life, which is not at all. (First, we see the general when he has American resistance against the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the themes that runs throughout the movie is the influence of General MacArthur's father, who is himself a military hero. I would like to see what a man Arthur MacArthur was, and why his son considered him such a hero and model. Another interesting way to film would be to concentrate on Korea and Macarthur's clash with Truman, with the same honors that were given to both men and actors of a similar position who played them. The way in which the film was actually made seemed to me less interesting than any of these alternative approaches. But it would be bad to feel like I do not like the movie. Although I did not agree with Peck's interpretation of the main role, it can not be denied that he played with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of solid, biographical work, thoughtful and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could be better. 7/10. The pedant's remark shows that the map used by MacArthur during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that emerged after the war. (The pre-war frontier was the 38th parallel). I also think that MacArthur referred to the war "tocsin". The war may be toxic, but it is difficult to listen with the thirsty ear for the toxin.
