This movie tells you why Amitabh Bacchan is a one-man industry. This movie will also tell you why the Indians are behaving to the audience, dear buyers. Amitabh was at the height of his dominion in Bollywood when his one-time godfather Prakash Mehra decided to re-use his painting. Prakash has a habit of choosing themes and building stories from it, adding liberal Bollywood doses of sensitivity and clichés to it. Zanzeer saw a young man angry. Lawaris was probably a bastard, and Namak Halal was loyal to the master service. <br /> <br /> But then the subject was limited to scrolling through the regulation of three hours of song, dance and drama. What consists of the movie is the cartoon Haryanavi, which goes to Bombay and turns into a hero of regulation. Amitabh's vocal skills and dictionals perceived this film with its flawless acrylic accents. For me, it's the only big shot in the movie. The rest is a typical Bollywood writing. <br /> <br /> Amitabh had to have some typical comic scenes in each of his films. Thanks to Manmohan Desai. This film had a good dose. Party hat, Vijay Merchant monologue and Vijay Hazare, a mosquito challenge in the meeting room, and the usual drunken scene, which has now become the standard Amitabh tariff. Shashi Kapoor added (I love having asked Ranjeet for "Shaaadaaaap" after an incident of a poisoned cake.) He was an important role for the master while Amitabh was his loyal servant, but Prakash Mehra knew the Indian mind ... so Shashi had to do his act with the rest of the film. It was one character that could be more developed to make a serious film, but it is a kapar, do you remember? And until he stayed, people came and saw Amitabh wearing a new hat and returning home happy. The end is always predictable and good guys get a girl and bad go to jail, the old thing of loyalty is once again highlighted and everything is good that ends well. <br /> <br /> So w hat is that this movie is almost classic? Amitabh Bacchan as Haryan. Prakash Mehra has created another icon in the name of the story. Chuck story, characters and plot. My grades are for Amitabha themselves.
