When I was on a Hollywood film, I looked at their movies and there was DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I only saw it once and could not go through it! The second impression was much better than the first one. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you did not see the Demonicus, I suggest you, or if you rented and hated Demonicus, he gave him another chance because another view of him could change his mind. If you saw a copy of the Hollywood video for the price I got for not going through it because it's a lot! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is also a very different but fun movie. Believe it or not it's like watching interactive video games when it's played! He has a very low budget and actor that I'm sure no one is familiar with. We started the video game. I mean a movie with a guy and a woman somewhere in Italy and there is a cave that actually looks like a railway tunnel / railroad and says she does not go in and what does she do? Normal things! I did not end up! He goes there and finds plenty of gladiatorial artifacts and armor and the almost perfectly preserved body of the legendary gladiator Tyrannous, from where he sat the chair from which Tyrannous sat and how his body stayed well and where the kettle was mixed. So every cave is complemented by Caultron Pot? Tyrannous is wearing armor, helmet and a gun or two. He gives the deepest thing a person can do, put on a helmet and take over the spirit of Tyrann! From there he walks around, just killing all nearby camping sites to bring back the real Tyrann. Now I said it as a video game. It's hard to explain it, but it just feels. Music even sounds like video games. It's really terrible. Actors say things like why it does, oh it was Nuts and Delicious, because it's always going home! The film also has some major mistakes as a guy runs and tries to find his girlfriend at night and still running at the time of day is still looking for her outdoors break! This movie has some mistakes, but it's not classic like a werewolf, but it's fun if you like a really low budget prone to movies, then you better look at the Demonicus!
