Writer / director Henry Brommel has done a great job with his film "Panic" since 2000, including his cast choices: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, John Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman. Brommel has cast Ullman and Ritter in some unsuccessful roles, and offbeat casting is a welcome change from what we usually see. "Panic" is the story of Hitler Alex (Mac) who really works for his father (Sutherland). It covers its true vocation by performing mail order work; under all circumstances, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are typical suburban families. Alex, unhappy with his life, seeks help from a psychiatrist (Ritter) and says only to his mother (Bain). In the waiting room he meets a young woman (Campbell) with whom he is immediately attracted, which complicates his situation further. His mother breaks his promise and tells his father about the psychiatrist. When Alex gets another job, he finds out he's killing his psychiatrist. This is a deep story of a gentle, good man who has become a killer father of a monster with a mother of consciousness who kills to please his father but can not stand and leave him. His anger is so deep that he has lost emotional appeal to everything and to everyone but his son - and eventually his son is awakening him from nearly lifelong suppression. When it's time for Panic, it moves fast. <br /> <br /> Panic does not seem to panic at all. In fact, it is moving very slowly. But it moves slowly not because it is wrong - slowness is deliberate, and it mirrors Alex's own psyche slowly emerging from the mist. By deciding on Sara, the character of Campbell, and when he sees his mark, his psychiatrist, as a living, breathing man, Alex begins to create links between what he does and who he is - and how he does not do it. And the difference between the two could lead to the loss of another psyche, Sammy. William Macy gives another great performance, like a loving father, a distant husband and a cold murderer, a child of two monsters who never cared about their feelings or desires, a person who finally realizes they have to enter the plate or repeat the cycle. This is not a kind of drama that plays well in the cinema. He is too mature, too small, too gentle, too characterized and too good.
