It is always sad when most filmmakers overlook such "marginal" films. "Panic" is a surprisingly impressive and horrific study of a character that feels caught in the inanimity of its life. William H. Macy, like Alex, is as persuasive as ever. This gentle actor looks to have a special talent for pulling on your heart, no matter how defective his characters may be; we do not always have to justify the lifestyles of the protagonists he plays, but the emotions of fear and confusion in us are often too painfully known. In the beginning, the title of "Panic" seems paradoxical due to the lack of obvious emotions. At one point, Alex tells the doctor he's rarely angry. Yet, as this story unfolds, it is becoming increasingly clear that drive and despair, not indifference, are the driving force of the existence of this person. He reminded me of his performance in "Fargo" several times. another heavily built film. In both "Fargo" and "Panic," we are witnessing a middle-aged man who seemed to have disappeared from the rest of his life with the rest of his life. He has lost his way, and the only way back is deceitful that he is dark. He knows he's making a bad decision, but desperation to overcome self-control and common sense. Alex joins Sarah, a 23-year-old woman (bizarrely playing Neve Campbell) with whom she meets a doctor's office. Thematically, this union is less coincidental, more fateful. Alex is sure he's with Sara, maybe he thinks he's a colleague like him, someone who has lost his way, and floats aimlessly for the rest of his life and awaits helplessly for his inevitable conclusion. The choice of a movie like this is a smart and convincing way for Neve Campbell to respond to critics who question her acting skills. Too often, the characters that play are weakness, and Campbell does not offer any depth in which his muscles will get rid of. However, this performance may be an eye for many people. In the perfect film world, not only would there be many more films, like Panic, but a much wider audience would also be achieved and appreciated. If you look at movies about wealth and the depth of characterization, rather than the most modern special effects, then Panic is unimaginable. A +.
