The effects of work-related stress and pressures born out of a moral dilemma that leads the conscience against the obligations of family business (even if it is unique) that has succeeded - or perhaps the catalyst - the middle age crisis explored in the dark and the absorbing drama "Panic" directed by Henry Bromel, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is an excellent view of how indecision and denial can lead to internal clashes and sufferings that ultimately lead to apathy and the moment of truth when the conflict must ultimately be resolved. Alex (Macy) is tired; has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), an early six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order shop that exhausts the house, as well as his main source of income, a "family" business with his father, Sutherland and his mother Deidre (Barbara Bain). But it is empty; the years spent with this business left him insensitive and disconnected, and brought him to the mental state that led him to the psychologist Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make it even worse (or maybe better, depending on the perspective), in the waiting room dr. Parkse meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence in itself for the first time. There is another brick in the wall of the moral conflict he was looking at, because in the days after their encounter he simply stops thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" from which he seems to be unable to successfully break without harming those he loves. He may reject his age and the fact that he actually slipped into the real middle-aged crisis but is about to find out that the problems he faces simply will not disappear. He's at the junction and will have to decide where to go. And it will have to do so very soon. From a concept that is really interesting, Bromell has created a breathtaking, characteristic study that is truly striking and powerful, and states that it is a way that allows moments of reflection that enable the audience to empathize and understand what Alex is going through. It shows very clearly that there are no simple answers that there is no easy way in real life. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity that is found in life and in addition within a given family unit. The film clearly suggests that fathers' sins are undeniably passed on to offspring with irrevocable consequences and effects. When you grow up, you will accept your personal environment as a world; and it is often years to adulthood that one can begin to realize and understand that there are indeed moral parameters set by every person walking on the planet and that those set by his father may not be favorable to the principles of his son. And at that moment, Alex finds the story unfolding; ergo, middle-aged crisis, or more precisely, a crisis of conscience from which he can not escape. It is a powerful message, briefly and gently transmitted by Bromel, with the help of some outstanding performances from his actors. For some time, William H. Macy was one of the premieres of the character of actor in business, creating such diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in "Magnolia", The Shoveler in "Mystery Men" and Jerry Lundegaard in "Fargo". And that's just a sample of his many successes. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes", and it's a very eloquent remark because Macy's strength lies here here, his ability to convey very real emotions in an undervalued and credible way that expresses all the inner turmoil that he's experiencing. Consider the scene in which he lies in the bed and stares into the darkness; in one turbulent moment it is obvious that he is struggling not only with his immediate situation, but also with his life, which he finally brought to this point. In this scene, you will find the sum of the lives of guilt, confusion and uncertainty that have been successfully suppressed so far; all the things that have always been the core of Alex's life have only gradually broken through his defensive mechanisms and eventually emerged, requiring confrontation and resolution. It's a complex figure created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex really unforgettable. It is a figure that anyone who has ever faced with seemingly unsurpassable courses can apply. It's an amazing piece of work from one of the best actors around. Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is shamelessly sinister in a way that is so real that it is cold. It is totally terrifying to think that such people actually go on the ground. This is not a crazy fiction or a villain like James Bond, but the real personification of evil that is hidden behind an outer appearance that is so normal that it could be side by side, which makes it even worse. And Sutherland brings it all to life great and great. Neve Campbell looks like part of Sarah, but her performance (as is the usual case with her) seems somewhat sincere, although her behavior is simply a character and a positive aspect of the movie. If only occasionally transformed energy into it, it would be a huge difference in the way her characters pose. "Panic" is one of her best efforts; a strong movie that is ultimately the way that's worth it. 9/10. <br /> <br />
