Why Panic has never gotten a good theatrical release is easy to see: it's too horrible, and the audience would probably have a hard time with it, comparing it with American Beauty during a middle-aged crisis and Sopranos, and Analyzing it in his study of illegal family life visits. Although Panic may seem to be from a non-original material, Brommel's lively characters, coupled with courageous dialogue and attentive attention, make the film a realistic view of the middle age. William H. Macy plays as Alex, an attacker who works for his father's contract of killing his father (Sutherland). He leads a double life, with his wife (Ullman) and his son not knowing about his real deal. In his middle age, he is increasingly disgusted with what he has done all his life. Under his tranquility, the gathered facade aroused the suppressed displeasure that his father had dominated his life. When he meets a young woman (Campbell), he feels hardy and decides it's time to stop taking a family business. The fact that writer / director Henry Brommel has decided that the profession his main character is trying to break from killing the treaty is one-time. It could easily replace him with some unwanted profession; his characters are so well developed and believable, the scripts are so smoothly and realistically controlled, and dialoge written so incomprehensibly and naturally that he concentrates on Macy's conflict figure rather than his job as a hitman. Brommel's script feels like a Shakespearean tragedy, with a certain theme of fate running all over. In Alex, Macs create a tragic, easy-to-sympathetic temper and turn to another research, a great performance, as always. Donald Sutherland is also effectively abrasive and abusive as his slave, and Ullman's dramatic turn as Macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedian. Consider a scene in a bicycle store where her mood gently darkens and culminates in the influential scene of emotional confusion. The first characteristic feature of Henry Brommel, Panic, is a film that is devised in its sincerity. Thanks to first-rate cast, credible scenario, close dialogue, and pleasant direction, this characteristic study is perhaps just the taste of Brommel's ability to create characters that seem real. <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
