It was not a three-hour movie first - two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked that the ads are not part of the movie! Maybe there should be two parters for about 3 hours? Yeah, he'd get more, he could explore other emotions. Overall, however, there was an interesting look at the life of Lucy and Desi. I watch loving Lucy from time to time and I love it, but I have never read or seen a biography, I never knew anything about their life outside the screen. I'm doing this movie now, but I'm not sure it's a good thing. Everything that nobody needed to know. It was basically a movie that did not have to be done. But it was done and the reason is that Lucy & Desi are still such huge stars and some people in American society feel that other people need to know ALL about our television and movie stars. This is definitely so untrue and very, very sad. Anyway what Lucy showed up here was pretty good. The two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - were not a great casting at all. And the transition from Madeline Winter to Rachel York .... uhhh, just like Lucy had plastic surgery and suddenly she's a whole new person! It was not too big. But the story continued, focusing on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, the children did not show up at all, and it was not necessarily the disadvantage of this film because, as I said, it was mainly focused on Lucy & Desi. If there was more time, the story would have been more about Lucy's life, maybe they would be kids. But it was not like we saw it very much like Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, that was one thing about this story that I thought was really cool: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really clean and it is bad that it has not been further explored. Oh, okay. What has been explored has been largely given. Frankly, I do not think I'm looking at it again and I do not think this movie will be so memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but not a huge fan of Lucille Ball, it should be an interesting watch. My degree for this: B
