Last Christmas I was lucky to get one of 1200 Ultimate Bourne Boxes from my better half, but until yesterday I was watching the last part of the trilogy. Given the number of recent trilogies that came across the final line instead of winning it, I was somewhat cautious as I approached the "The Bourne Ultimatum," but I really did not have to worry. The electric action sequences and battlefield bruises effortlessly combine with intelligent story lines to become one of the best action thrillers I can remember when I saw and marked the end of a great series. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) to the Guardian after apparently leaking from Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project. Determined to reveal more of his past, Bourne again raises the track, but some of the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is a leak and started pursuing a bloody agent with renewed strength. Can Bourne finally find the answers he was looking for, or will his old employers silence for nothing? <br /> <br /> I personally disappointed "The Bourne Supremacy" because it ruined the realistic effect of its action scenes and focused on being the right spy movie. Do not say it completely lost, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity," it seemed more like a rather spy novel than an action thriller. No such anxiety here - every crash, stroke, kick and gun can be heard and felt with visceral pleasure, but fortunately, he still keeps a splendidly intelligent and breathtaking spy story in his heart to set up action around. It also brilliantly combines two earlier films and provides the trilogy with a suitable book because things are explained and extended until the whole picture is displayed. The performances are virtually flawless - Julia Styles is starting to offer something more than a book-red eye candy. The only true downer is that this, like other Bourne movies, has little to do with the original novel, but if you're not a crushing fan of Ludlum, it's really no reason why you would not have such a high-quality movie. <br /> <br /> Nothing keeps me more than a movie that will surprise me and despite my fears, "Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracked film filled with enough crunchy action to satisfy the head meat as well as conspiracies that never fear that will give you a minute's attention. Even on the final winch you are never quite sure whether the happy end is assured, but whether you are a fan of the series or not (and if not, what's more?), It's one movie you should really watch as soon as possible. No wonder this series has forced Bond filmmakers to take over forty years of film history to begin again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and the recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers compared until Casino Royale made the Bond reboot series he desperately needed. Missing from Jason Bourne's films is a crime worth publishing - go and make a copy of the DVD. But it's not a collection of Ultimate Bourne - limited edition!
