A dramatic license - Some hate it, even if it is necessary to tell some life story. In the case of "Lucy", the main points of Lucille Ball teen years, early career and 20 years of marriage with Desi Arnaz are included, though in abridged and redesigned form. <br /> <br /> The main emotional points of Lucy's life are clear: Lucille struggles to find her place as an actress, eventually blooming into a brilliant comedy that made Lucy Ricardo a legend; her turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage to Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi, who has created the first television empire and has always secured her place in history as the world's most memorable sitcom. <br /> <br /> Like Lucille Ball, Rachel York makes a commendable job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation that Judy Davis did when playing with Judy Garland, but York makes Ball a strong will, but she still likes it and is very entertaining in her own right. Although her comic timing is different from Lucy, she is still believable. The film will never appear in the details of her perfectionist behavior on stage and her mistreatment of Vivian Vance during the early years of "I Love Lucy," but when I look at York, Lucy is presenting Lucy privately, it's a nice assignment. <br /> <br /> Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real Desi but has his own charm and he does mostly decent work with the Desi accent, especially in the opening scene. Madeline Zima was decent, if not too memorable, as a teenage Lucy. Vivian Vance and William Frawley were not very proud because Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not too convincing in their roles. Not that they were not good actors themselves, they simply were not what would suit the people they play. Most of the actors came from Australia and New Zealand, and suppressed accents are occasionally revealed. Although the main structure of the film holds historical facts, there are many deviations, some of which are seemingly inexplicable. Jess Oppenheimer, the lead writer of Lucy's "My Favorite Husband," who began in 1948, is portrayed in this film as a show on the scene to help with "I Love Lucy" in 1951, completely ignoring the fact that he was the main creator ! This film also describes Marc Daniels as principal director of "I Love Lucy" throughout his run, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Though I think it was due to budget constraints, Ricardo is shown to have lived in the same flat throughout his stay in New York when they actually changed the apartment in 1953. The kitchen set is a little larger and out of scale than the original. Home Connecticut looks pretty close to the original, except the right and left sides of the house were shortened and restructured. <br /> <br /> There is also Desi talking about buying RKO in 1953, during Lucy's red-frightening incident, though RKO came to market until 1957. These changes could well be for a dramatic license, and the movie does to work on the passing of basic facts, but would hurt them to show a little more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two of the most important people in the history of "I Love Lucy"? The biggest gaff comes in the "I Love Lucy" holiday scenes, at least some of them. It is always a risky recapitulation of something that is captured in the movie and seen by billions of people, but even more so when EXTREME CHANGES appear. The giant bread scene was truncated, and someone familiar with this episode immediately noticed the differences! The number "We Have a Child" was also shortened, but it was practically dead. The best scene seemed to be "grappling with grapes," with Rachel York, which really covers Lucy's manners. Manufacturers have made a sensible decision not to try to create "Vitametavegamin" and candy bits directly, but instead show that the actors are rehearsing. These scenes proved to be effective through this approach. The main flaw in the movie is that it is assumed that viewers already know much about Lucy's life, as they are mostly omitted or omitted. Overall, however, he provides a decent portrait of Lucy & Desi's marriage, and factual mistakes can be overlooked when character development works effectively.
