Now she has a name, identity, some memories, and a lost girlfriend. Everything he wanted was to disappear, but they still traced it and destroyed the world he had barely built. Now he wants some explanation and to get to people as he did what he is. Yeah, Jason Bourne is back, and this time he's with revenge. OK, this film does not have the most developed scenario in the world, but its thematic areas are very clever and pose serious questions about our company. Of course, like any Hollywood film from the late 1990s, "The Bourne Suprematy" is a story of superheroes. Jason Bourne is a "Captain-America" ​​type project, which was totally wrong. In the first film the hero discovered his abilities and he accepted them in the second. Now he is fighting what he considers evil when he was killed by a man close to him (his girlfriend in the "Supremates"). This is all part of the superhero story, including character with (realistic but still impressive: almost invincible) power. And interesting is that evil is fighting around the world (there are no boundaries in Bourne's films, the characters move from one continent to another for a moment), it is like in the best seasons "24" an American enemy who is convinced that he is fighting for the good of his country completely blind. Funny, as "mad patriots" are now N.1 enemies of paranoid Hollywood stories. In addition to all the interesting themes, the film is not flawless: Nicki Parson's feminine character is totally unnecessary and the direction is quite non-original in terms of dialogue scenes. But everything that does not matter is "The Bourne Ultimatum" action movie. And action scenes are rather impressive. Everyone here talks about the "Waterloo scene" and "the pursuit of Tangera," and everyone is right. I really liked the fight in Tanger, which reminds me of the exaggeration and foolishness of Tsui Hark's work. Visually imaginative scenes, lots of intelligent action parts and good reflection on contemporary American themed themes: "The Bourne Ultimatum" is definitely the best film of the series and a very interesting and original action movie.
