I thought Rachel York was fantastic like "Lucy." I saw her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", as well as in each of these performances she developed very different and very real characterizations. It's a chameleon that can play (and sing) anything! I'm very surprised how many negative reviews are being made about Rachel's "Lucy" performance. Even some bonafide television and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of her portrait. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel does not really look like Lucy. My answer is: "So what?" I did not want to look for the superficial personification of Lucy. I wanted to know more about a real woman behind a clown. And Rachel surely gave us that. I also did not want to see someone who simply "does" the classic Lucy routine. That's why I was very pleased with the decision of the producers and directors that Rachel portrayed Lucy in the training of the most memorable of these skeet - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some reviewers did not realize that these two scenes should be test sequences, not actual skits). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative change to the sketches that many of us know. I also thought Rachel was so cool and fun in these scenes. And it absolutely attracted the routines that were re-created - especially the Professor and Grape Stroming. There was a moment on the grape scene where the horn of Rachel's mouth had a very small rise that I remember of Lucy. I could not believe he could catch it-and so naturally. It seems to me if many people who criticized the show expected Lucille Ball to see "I Love Lucy" the whole movie. After all, those of us who knew her only through television would have no idea what Lucy really had in the early film years. I think Rachel has shown natural progress in character that was great. All the right seeds have been planted to see the clown just waiting for it to appear, given that this is the right situation. Lucy did not fit into the old studio. In her frustrated attempts to become a stereotypical film star of that time, she still suppresses what would prove to be her final gifts. I believe that Rachel unnecessarily captured comedy, drama, joke, sadness, rage, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexivity, self-reflection, childhood, and stoicism that filled one of the complex American icons. And she did it with authenticity and freshness that was absolutely cute. "Lucy" was a star for Rachel York. I hope it will play a big role in the future. I hope Emmy will bring her.
