When Bourne Identity came five years ago, I have to admit I did not think much about it. At the time I was eleven, maybe I was too young to really get into the story and understand the whole script. Two years ago, when Bourne was over, I thought it was a better film than Identity, but he did not think it was as good as I expected to be ripped with trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that Bourne movies are amazing, I have often bite my tongue and do not say what I really thought about movies. Until two months ago I could not talk about Bourne Ultimatum, I really did not have any intention to watch it. But then I decided to go back and watch the first two before I came to some sudden decision. So I went out and bought my original movies. And what a surprise it was for me when he grabbed me. Identity I found was superior to two, but superiority is not far behind. Both are a smooth, action and exciting cinema that I have watched many times since I bought them. For this reason, I was today first to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in Bourne movies, I saw him in Talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought of him at all. It seems, however, that he was born to play Bourne (forgive the hook). During this series we saw a change of character in front of our eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon in his best form, even better than in The Departed and I thought it was one of the best things in The Departed. You are really in the care of the character and hope you find it all. Matt Damon plays a role with calm intensity and always his character is extremely credible. Filming support was also excellent. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Superiority, here she stands out. Her character is also very credible and she has some great acting moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles reappears as Nicky and finally we learn a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underestimated actress and I think he deserves much more roles, decent roles than he gets. David Strathairn is the newcomer in this series like Noah Vosen, it's definitely the filthy movie and really great. It's definitely the worst figure we've met, and some decisions they make are really ugly. Strathairn has earned this role and has great scenes in the movie. Special mention must be made of Albert Finney, who will make the most of his time on the screen as much as possible, I will not say anything about this character, which is the best surprise, but believe me his scenes are some of the top of the film. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Bourne movies always have a strict focus on action more than action sequences, it does not mean that the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god that not many of them are dotted across movies. But running throughout the movie is very well written and well done. This story ends in the best way you can imagine in this movie. When I watched the domination the night before I saw Konečný, it was nice because I noticed some small parts. The last scene in supremacy in New York is more important than I ever imagined. It will not spoil people, but I recommend that I look at the dominance before seeing the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, although for many people they will go to see the Ultimatum purely due to the action sequence. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say they should see them for action, but I would have lied if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. Miniature chase in Identity is one of my most popular automobile pursuits of all time. But the action in Ultimatum must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the film begins in Moscow with an action sequence. So, during the movie, we get a lot of blows that are very violent and shocking brutal. Bicycle chase, which is absolutely amazing, many foot strikes that are even more amazing, the exciting chase of cars that is unforgettable and oh much more! However, the highlight for me must be the scene at Waterloo Station, it will not destroy it, but for some reason it has grasped me. So some mistakes for the movie? In my eyes no, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or you have not seen the previous two, I do not recommend the Ultimatum. The film does not try to win over any new fans because it keeps on doing the best of the franchise competition and just adds to the top a lot more stories and action sequences. Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best hit of 2007. As a fanatical James Bond it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than most Bond films and I believe it takes a lot for me to say. While Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it's definitely almost the same.
