I was never the only one who would be reluctant to say that most of the action movies just do nothing for me. Mostly they are spectacular vehicles that throw away things, show sexy models, and throw out of the window some form of reality or intelligence. That said, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman demonstrated a new action event using a multidimensional style of cinematography that showed he was fighting in full strength and by being our super spy who can touch both emotionally and humanely. This is not the sci-fi absurdity that was Bond (before really did in the style of this series no less). When Bourne appeared superiority, there was a lot of worry. With director Paul Greengrass, he took over what could be a second-hand copy of the original that was an improvement in style and taste. Bets have been raised and the story has been improved. Greengrass must get a ton of credit to keep up with the latest installment of The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is a wonderful conclusion to a first class trilogy, this action is brought to a new level, and the story and performance will never be jeopardized. <br /> <br /> Bourne is back in the mind of the CIA fake pretext. Someone escaped information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and as soon as Bourne finds himself and tries to chat with a new friend who broke the story, he is supposed to be a mole. Only Pamela Landy, who, if found in control, knows she can not be the only one. Bourne's motive was always to stay out of government and live in peace. It was the CIA, which is still carrying it back in an open place to cause confusion. What eventually happened is that Bourne wants to know the source to finally find out the truth about who he is and what made him the killer. The film then becomes a persecution of time and one another to find the source and find out if the government can break the violation and clean up all the free ends or if Bourne can avenge those who have taken his life from him. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest story of the series, with the only persecution that lasts the whole story, perhaps has the greatest cast of characters and overturning loyalty to reveal the corruption that has been the whole story of the story. However, this is not harmful at all because it allows more fighting and persecution of cars that work in full conspiracy. The entry into this movie is worth in the home struggle, between Bourne and the second property of the CIA, alone. Chase jumping across the windows in Madrid is in itself fine, but when they finally meet, we'll get ten minutes or so, a fight that is just as encouraging to watch as any scene you see. Rather than using the massive pursuit of cars as a climatic work, as in the first two films, we will instead get around three racing road races, as intensive but sufficiently graded, so we will never place the activity in monotony. > <br /> After five years of waiting, we will also discover the origin of our favorite operator with hearts and feelings. At the end of the film, we find out what is behind the spying and destruction that took place around it. No one would do better than Matt Damon. He has a character and attitude to be credible in action sequences, but also to scale the intelligence and correspondence of cats and mice with those against him. Joan Allen has assumed her role with the same commitment to her work, but also a little disillusionment of what's happening around her, depending on how Brian Cox's character, from the first two films, took things into his own hands. We need a role in this form, we get a nice break from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and does not understand anyone in the decision making process. As much as you try to conceal any connection with your Blackbriar program bosses, when trying to do your duty towards your country, you can never completely guess what it will be able to do. Even the little guys do a great job like Paddy Considine as a reporter who started a leak at the heart of everything, Albert Finney as a man from the past Bourne and perhaps the key to his background, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA agents sent out to Bourne out. Ramirez is a nice complement to the role played by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Superiority). He does not talk much, if at all, but has a look and robotic efficiency and hopefully gets more roles to show what he can do in Domino. finally, one has to applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and to bring this series to a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors rather than their destruction. His skill in detailed hand-made looks is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without relatively heavy cuts. Rather than feeling overproduced, its use of manual hold increases the environment and puts you directly into action. Let's also forget Cameraman Oliver Wood, who shot all three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and work in style in a pleasant harmony with them.
