Basically it was an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman", which was performed with "Gilligan Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those of you who have missed (and damn!) "The Surviving Gilligan Island" (full name: Surviving Gilligan Island: The Incredibly True Story of the Longest 3-Hour Tour in History) was special a few years ago, Bob Denver ("Gilligan" ), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") relate to the story of creating, canceling, rediscovering and rebirthing the show. On the way, stories were dramatized with actors representing the original cast and crew. It was very good. It was funny, well occupied and came as a real showcase. "" Return to Batcave: Misadventures Adama and Burt "is in a similar style, and a story about the history of the show, the reconstruction, the general feeling is the same. /> "Adam" returns to Adam West and Burt Ward for car show invitations they should not be invited to. After he was allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witnessed the theft of the show's top: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to chase after themselves and they lead them with a trace that makes them wonder about the history of the show, which eventually leads to the discovery of the person who stole Batmobile and why, deciding to use this conceit (actually with the land) is the biggest disappointment of this show, unlike "Surviving" "Return" takes the viewer to watch a less interesting story (Batmobile theft) instead of concentrating all his attention on what the audience is most interested in (the history of the show). ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the feelings of the actors without looking * too * alike to them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger resemblance to his subject, but he does not capture anything of late Gorshin's spell, just his characterization. Showing other actors is short and functional without acting as particularly good or bad. Many stories have been told before, but they are mostly fun, with occasional clumsy presentations. Another amazing place in the historical sections was the use of Lyle Wagoner's audition for the Batman Exam. The only place where flashbacky fails is when you insert clearly defined fence points to move the main story. This reduces the need for precision. <br /> <br /> "The main plot" (if I have to call it) is, of course, absurd. This in itself is not a defect in itself, but simply not enough to cover the deficiency. Strong performances and good writing can make up for stupid conspiracy (especially in these kinds of things), but we can not really do it either. The performance West and Ward seems to be rather flat (even for them); a dialogue that's too carefully written to make it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Survival Gilligan's Island" can be seen in the fact that the dialogue is mostly there just to create a flashback. In "Surviving," that's all she's going to be. In the "Return" service, he tries to do a double service and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do well (although I agree with others that Gorshin was not good enough and that Newmar had - and what is Wagoner take to make it look good?) But they are not far enough. Again, I think everyone would be better served with simpler presentations than elected. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about returning. This special is about the Batman series and its history, but all the dramas are from the theatrical movie. Even Wagoner's record is a technical movie record. If you know you're a "Bat-History," then you know that the movie was originally planned first, just to be delayed for the benefit of a TV show when CBS needed to quickly fill the time. So when Wagoner and West tested the role, it was for a movie, not a TV show. Why the "Return" feature only uses movies is unclear. Probably it has to do with rights issues, but it is a clear diversion of those who know it: to see Julie Newmar at present, but only Lee Meriwether's footage like Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> Overall, I liked the show, especially for flashbacky. I would prefer the style used in Surviving Gilligan's Island, but I understand why they would like to have more story-based items. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see them out there, still having fun with one of the great entertainment history. I just wanted them to do a little better, and when it was even more alive than the original cast.
