There are many kinds of reunions. One of them is that the old actors are dragged out of ant's pieces and re-create characters who have not played for twenty or thirty years. They have mixed results. 'Return to Mayberry', despite some stupidity, was fine; "Back to Green Acres" (Eddie Albert used the word for a screenplay that I will not repeat here, but as well as film smell); The "Gilligan Rescue" filled the gap in the boat story, although the show itself was stupid even from the "Gilligan's Island" viewpoint. In most cases, scripts are weak; Do you sometimes find stupidity in the scenarios you know too much about? and in comedy it's almost always fatal for the characters to know they're funny. New characters are introduced who do not fit into the mix. Most of these events are relatively weak. The second kind of reunion is the kind in which the past plays aside, but it sits around, tells stories, recalls and scatters from shows. Then movies are based on exhibitions that are rarely good; and the films based on the show's history (`The Brady Bunch 'both made with different results). <br /> <br /> 'Back to Batcave' uses almost all of the above, with an incredibly twisted look that makes him the best of the reunions and raises the bar for others. Adam West and Burt Ward and called for the original Batmobile. While they are there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> Adam West of the film is a man demented. He called Jerry, his butler, Alfred. Opens Shakespeare's bust in his apartment and reveals a hidden pole that slides into the parking garage. He is obsessed with being a crime fighter when he is actually just an empty actor. When Batmobile is stolen, he does not believe it is his duty as a criminal to recover him, but he returns and does not want Burt Ward as his assistant. Movement is largely indecent, and the West and Ward remind of the old days. It is a broken "flashbacks" with actors starring West and Ward in ancient times. Modern scenes and "memories" have a huge lack of reality that has been preserved. There are also running gags that show West is able to make fun of itself: in the Ward's book about his time of performance, he spoke sincerely about Western libido and his being also a skinflint (West makes Ward pay for everything in their pursuit, down on tips and bus fares). The evidence they are watching, the characters they meet (even in memories), fits into the old series' mentality, and there are several honors, including a fist fight with written sound effects. The whole thing is extremely fun and great. There are also portraits by Julie Newmar (he seems to have too much facelift) and Frank Gorshin and remind us why he has such a cult. Gorshin will be Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, has long forgotten. The film builds on a rather obvious but fun climax. This show is a model for the gathering. Unfortunately, there are only a few that fit the pattern. This show had actors to play their old characters; young actors play a movie about the performance; actors of the West and Ward recall; and the current film with the real Adam Westem playing the demented Adam West. She has everything. If you loved the old show, it's a bottle stopper.
