Since the Simpsons have made a debut, there has been no situational story that I did not want to go back in 2 minutes. Of course, it was said that The Simpsons killed a sitcom. This was not the case. <br /> <br /> The first season was that the teenage characters were not as nasty as they later became. Sometimes they even went to school. The following season of character where he set out. Eric, a sarcastic villain, Donna, his girlfriend, Kelso, a foggy bulb, Hyde, conspiracy theorist and punk punk, Fez, a student for the election, and eventually Jackie, a spoiled rich. As for the adult characters, it was Eric's mom, "you can believe it's such a ditzy" suburban mum, Eric's dad, a straight arrow which, of course, was not such a heavy ass as Donna's fucking father seemed to be, and her stupid blonde mummy. They are all true to their characters, but Kurtwood Smith, a strange man who finds a perfect balance between tenacity and still making his Red Forman quite sympathetic without casting us with unexpected cuteness. Topher Grace is, of course, the main reason why this show is so good. He is a heavy figure because he does not allow an actress to commit a wild exaggeration, such as the Kelso character played competently by Ashton Kutcher. I really enjoyed seeing both characters interacting because they are the most different. <br /> <br /> Hyde's character is a bit harder to enjoy because it's more realistic and we really need to see the orphan story for the fifth time, although I'm going to say that the writers came up with a brilliant story of an arc for him in recent seasons. Jackie, played by Family Guy artist Mila Kunis's voice is cheerful and she has nails on a blackboard type that really matches her character. The only sad part is that we have not seen more scenes with him and Eric since they were together ... cheerful. Too much of the story was unnecessary for her relationship problems because we've already gotten to the top with Eric and Donna. Finally, I will say that casting guest actors is always great. Several favorites: Fez's humorous girlfriend in past seasons, Pastor Dan, a totally amazing Leo, who plays equally stunning Thomas Chong, another of Fez's girlfriends, who is a totally well-liked and strange look of adventurous sorceress Sabrina as a lovely Catholic girl. <br /> <br /> There is another on Fox, whatever.
