I have not liked many TV shows since 1990, but the 70S SHOW is great. I never saw it during the first run when I thought it was a great piece, I was wrong! I started watching in repetitions and the more I watched, the more I liked it! Now it's the only show I've ever seen since 1990. Although this "70S SHOW" mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 1970s, that decade by going overboard with links and looks of the 1970s. It contains so much humorous, humorous, biting dialogue that is delivered with confidence and certainty to the main cast, that it overcomes all cliché of the 70s just by being humorous. Humor is what keeps the show always faithful. <br /> <br /> Although the funny sitcom, no matter what time period, uniqueness of ridiculing of the seventies, works in its favor, it gives the exhibition a signature identity. Her attention is focused on universal issues (family problems, juvenile harassment, marital problems, pressure on colleagues), all of whom are interested in comic adventures. one Eric Forman (he played the absolute comical perfection of the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinny, awesome looking, non-athletic teenager and still emerging as super-cool due to Grace's brilliant self-deprecation characters. Eric has 5 friends, Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played respectfully by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). Let's look at the life in Point Place, Wisconsin through the eyes of these 6 teens and boy, we have a lot to see! Donna, feminist feminist, is the object of Eric's love, and these two have a basic relationship to the show. They're getting a couple of shortly after the show's launch and never a NEW Bored Pair. Most concerts end up having a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works like a great grateful book that works as a perfect contrast to previous cheer. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon returns to Formans when his mother leaves him; Hyde is a mild, zen, cool one of the group and just sits back, observing and making fun of her friends with a carefree aplomb. Kelso is a silly member of the band and Kutcher plays it with absolute grip, showing an incredible physical comedy while also telling some of the most absurdly funny ideas and stories at all! Jackie, who begins with Kelso's girlfriend, is a deliberate, collected debutant cheerleader and is initially only accepted as part of the Kelso b / c group, but she can coax the point where everyone has to accept her! Finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign student from some unknown country (we never know where exactly) and he is a screenwriter! "I said a good day!" "You are a son of God!" Valderama here is only playing a foreign accent because he's not in reality and always in character and creating one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His scenes steal a while often helping me show up. <br /> <br /> The show constantly brings us to the minds and thoughts of these figures, by being interested in the fantasy of the scene about how they want or imagine things. The gang is repeatedly in trouble (most of which is expedient). They're constantly playing gags on Point Place, like everyone else. Mostly they are interpreted, pontificated or just playing around in Eric's basement. Also in prominent performances is Eric's parent, threatening, ungodly Red and dear, happy Kitty (Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp play unforgettable). These 2 adults give the show a much-needed mature outlook and constantly berate and advise 6 ne'er do-wells. Red and Kitty are deeply supported by Donna's parents, crazy Bob (played beautifully throughout the run by Don Stark) and blond bimbo daft Midge (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was about half a show). In addition, for three full seasons, Eric's sister from Laurie's hell (starring famously with the maliciously sexy Farrah-Fawcett's appearance Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief to cope with the shenanigans major 6 and be a thorn in Eric and her parents' party! Kelly has returned as a guest character for several seasons of 5 eps but unfortunately Kelly's personal problems have led him to be replaced by a terrible new actress in season 6. Fortunately the newcomer did not last, and after several seasons 6 eps was gone! /> Unfortunately, at the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early in Season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered when Season 8 was the last one, but Grace and Kutcher returned to the final. <br /> <br /> A lot of great support and portraits would help keep the show fresh due to added nostalgia and humor. The best players who played for support were everlasting Leo (played by Tommy Chong's grips), Pastor Dave, Roy (awesome comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl etc. They also got legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) Betty White (MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) respectively. Many of the 70's cameo celebrities also appeared, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) and Charo Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It goes on and on! With great nostalgic 70s honors and references, a cheerful interview and delivery, and a senseless comedy story that is without prisoners, it's a TV classic!
