Over the years, we have seen a lot of inappropriate things the writers did when it turned out to have to continue no matter what keeps the "8 simple rules" after John Ritter died, comes to mind, but it's the first time it depended. The idea of ​​having "Show 70's" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover them up with the return of Leo and the more outrageous story lines, but he always felt bored when you did not have the main character. It just did not really connect, it was a lot of unrelated things that usually do that was not funny either. The last season seemed to be a fitting time for each character, simply because Eric got used to a lot of time on the screen and now we would be breaking the faces of how the rest of the characters are constantly and repeatedly. Focusing on the trick, which is Fez, was totally uninteresting and the character would simply stop working because the whole deal was that he would say something special to him and you can not say things anywhere anywhere, when every other line is yours. They also brought a standard cousin Oliver, this time it was not a child. Whenever you heard someone knocking on the door, you started to pray that it's not Randy, please, it's not Randy. The deal with Randy was such that he would do really horrible jokes, usually when he's called Red, smiles like a butt and totally defeats childbirth and Donna's stitch. I think more than half the last season was Donna pretending to be amused. However, the problems have begun earlier: what once was a great show with the same great concept that was not once a dysfunctional family was slowly entering the soap opera. Everybody started to be in love with everything, emotional scenes were dragged out of nausea, only one of them usually put a dumb joke somewhere to distract the attention that we were watching "How the world turns". I think it was the character's evolution, but what came out was almost as clumsy as the moral lesson from "Family Affairs." To be fair, the last episode, and because Topher Grace Topographer (a portrait in his own show) was really good, though not funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, more critics in Season 8: What the hell was with the introductory theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character that is not singing), Fez scared me out of it. Dude, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedies ever broadcast.
