As the day begins at Point Place, Wisconsin ... First, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family and veterans of the Second World War, sits at the kitchen table and reads a newspaper while his happy wife Kitty serves breakfast. Then comes their thin son, Eric, sitting at the table, and his father starts his daily screaming, usually involving the dying of his leg to Eric's if he (insert the reason here). If his promising sister Laurie is the face of an angel at home, she comes later, then Reds stop screaming and kindly talk to her, which makes Erik feel deserted from his family. Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric runs into his basement where all his friends are hanging. And when we meet them, it becomes clear that Eric and his girlfriend Donna Pinciotti from redhead, girlfriend and childhood friend are the closest people around. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates the disco and does not matter what's around if it's not fun to watch; Michael Kelso, the type of person who thinks that he only lives his life and carrots grow in the trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who thinks she is the most beautiful girl in the neighborhood, the spoiled boy of a rich father and, of course, a cheerleader; and Fez, a naive, but awesome stranger who loves candy and can not keep a secret. Initially, they just go out, kneel and do Kelso's fun, but then everyone sits in the circle and leaves the real fun ... before they go to do something they'll regret later. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red disappears and meets Don's strange parents, Bob and Midge. It's rude, but he does not mind them because he thinks he's joking. Somewhere in the neighborhood is Leo, an aging hippie who is constantly confused and doing word games without noticing it. Did you imagine a seemingly peaceful neighborhood with all these amazing characters? Of course, most seem to be "clichés," but the show turns clichés to a new level. Now throw into the most malicious stories you can offer sitcom, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows at all. The one who never achieves double the same thing and which is, purely hysterical, compared to most sitcoms who are "cute witty." If you get into the hook, do not let this show go. Bite the hook again and again and, man, you will see the situation genre from a brand new prospectus.
