Before I saw it, I just expected another media soft core copy of the highly imitated "Emmanuelle" series by Sylvie Kristel. It was really surprising how well this proved. It really has a story and it's really romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so good, it's the main heroine, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong so sweetly that the viewer just needs to feel something for her when her dreams collapse around her. Emy Wong is a renowned doctor, sculpture, with royal quality. It comes from an important old family where ancient customs are still practiced. Ema will remain a virgin until she is married, with a man she has never met. A beautiful doctor looks fine with this organized marriage. It's just how it's done in your world. However, he does not intend to meet and fall in love with a British pilot who ends up being cared for in the hospital where he works. Ema decides to get rid of the habit and she is given to the Western man. But after a very long courting, like Dr. Wong, there is something other than an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Ema, so he will not lose his pride and will not give up his rigid society. Not one is counted on a third party, one Ilon Stallero, who destroys their relationship through a series of vicious games. Emy is convinced that her husband left her playing the game only to sleep with her. Her place in society is gone, she was corrupted. The film has a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn when this proud, elegant woman gives up her careers and a sweet relationship with a cared father and is subject to drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself in this opera with a tragic story. I was at the edge of my home when George returns to the city and unwittingly enters the hotel where his beautiful Ema works as a prostitute! Classical drama. I think many viewers were a bit frustrated with this drama. You would expect a lot of sex and nudity, but not too much. And when it is, it is a totally insignificant and very artistic and soft core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, Sylvia Kristel, before you most likely appreciate, is a lesser-known classic. Particular attention was paid to the details. The whole segment where Ema takes George to the paternal house on the island is really nice. Her father shows George and the audience his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. From these amazing trees is built a whole miniature forest. Completely unexpected. After recording on cable TV late in the night, I spent a lot of time searching for a copy of the movie on the Internet. When I finally found out, I found out that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. The DVD is a subplot that George suddenly exaggerated some unknown deadly disease! Actually, I preferred the cable version better. I am glad that this precious gem was eventually released on DVD. I also have to mention beautiful cinematography and a bizarre and catchy 70 soundtrack. By watching this you feel like you are looking at something very rare and very special. I recommend it to attentive spectators who do not need sex and violence to keep their interest.
