Once in the castle ...... Two little girls play in the castle castle. They're sisters. Blonde little girl (Kitty) and brunette (Evelyn). Evelyn steals Kitty's doll. Kitty watches Evelyn. As they walk through long corridors, they get into a room where their grandfather, sitting on an armchair, reads a newspaper. Kitty complains about Evelyn, while Evelyn is interested in the picture hanging on the wall. Evelyn begins to say repeatedly, "I'm a red lady and Kitty is a black lady." Suddenly Evelyn grabbed a dagger and decorated Kitty's doll, then cut her head off her doll. The fight follows. And Evelyn almost uses a dagger against Kitty. Your grandfather hits and the worst avoids. Later, their grandfather tells them a legend about the image hanging on the wall in front of them, in which a black lady who gives the lady in red: "A long time ago, one red lady and one black lady lived in the same castle, they were sisters and hated one night. " One evening, due to jealousy, the black lady entered the red lady and stabbed her seven times. A year later the red lady left her grave, killed six innocent people, and her seventh victim was a black lady, and once every hundred years the events in this castle were repeated. the Red Lady kills six innocent victims before killing the black lady. "Grandfather ends his story by saying that for sixteen years, the Red Queen should come again and kill seven times, but he assures them that it's just an old legend ..... <br /> < It's better for you to forget the logic (if you really analyze it, the story makes no sense) and just watch a movie with wonderful colors, beautiful women, dress, tasteful décor, light effects and a beautiful soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Enjoy Barbara Bouchet, Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti, Pia Giancaro, among other goddesses Sybil Danning is naked, lying on the sofa to dream of. And do not forget: lady in red kills seven times! <br /> <br /> If you liked "La Dama Rossa ..." check out "La Notte che Evelyn uscì dalla Tomba".
