I'm curious (The film, close to the Seussical rhyme, is said right at the beginning to be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great hits art-house, which was the first great feeling in Sweden then a big scandal / cause-famous in the United States, when one press was kept by the customs and it went to the Supreme Court. What's on a strong picture today is not what could hurt what is revealed in sex or nakedness - director / actor Vilgot Sjoman film different scenes so that there are plenty of body and genitalia and occasional graphic bit, but it's always more - an intellectual expression rather than just a lust - but the courage to try for a pure "metaphil" and at the same time a true statement on the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (ie, usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could it be so politically heated? At least that's part of Sjoman's goal. As a director, like Dušan Makavajev, with some of his works, such as WR (if not so unreal and upset) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman is to mix politics and sex (mostly politics and social strata) around the middle it's also a commentary on the personification of the character in the movie. The two characters, Lena and Borja, have a hot-cold relationship in the film's story, where Lena is "curious" socialist, demonstrating non-violence in the street and "trains" as if in a cabin in the forest to become fully functional and perhaps too curious about your car dealer friend. And as it happens, which alone is enough for a single film, Sjoman occasionally puts himself and his crew off as they make a story about the movie (there's even a great field where, as if on a rock concert, the title I'm filling the cards during the break when shooting, who is the crew, making it impossible to use end credits!) Then there is another dynamic because Sjoman gives real performance, not just "hey, I'm director director". <br /> <br /> At first, one can not get into this structure and I'm curious (Yellow) is just a movie where Lena is a documentary poll who asks his thoughts on class, socialism, Spain and Frank, and once we can see Lena's father or Bjore for a while. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is as slippery as the viewer must stay on his fingers; it's impressive that he can surprise you for so many years in photography that he is not afraid to blend dramatic narratives, documentary films, movies within the movie, and even a serious conversation with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru Lena. Maybe this is not always a coherent analysis politically, but it does not feel cheating, not with a great satirical agenda as in Godard's picture; satire Sjoman is similar to Godard, but on a completely different wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that could put down a less-initiated viewer. If I'm curious (Yellow) to stand up as an intellectual business and a full-fledged exploration of the sex in a way that has been and is captivating for how it is shown and how comfortably it all seems to be for the actors, it's not quite a success, I think emotional experience. Where Bergman got to T with a purely emotional film with deconstructive tendencies, Sjoman is better suited to concrete thoughts without actually managing very well when it comes time to make big or fine scenes with actors. Sometimes it's just an actor, Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular in a performance that asks her to feel somewhat ambitious but confused boy) and Borja Ahlstedt (a big realistic counterpoint to the volatile Lena), but 40 years later hardly perfectly it connects to everything that happens in the inner film Lena and Borja, because (possibly deliberately) Sjoman fills clichés (Borja has a girlfriend and child, leaves her as Lena confronts her father) and heavy cues of his kind. And yet, for any mistakes Sjoman might have, ironically considering it to be a commentary to myself, I'm curious Yellow) beautifully keeps as an artistic experiment in testing water what could be done in Swedish film or testing what could not being and bending for provocative and comic use. I would even go on to say that it is influential and probably copied or imitated more than one way because it is such a cult phenomenon in its time (a certain technique used to rewind the film is reflected in the poorer use in fun games) and should be seen for anyone who wants to enter avant-garde or meta-film. If it's not such a great artistic jump as WR or Last Tango, it's just behind you.
