Nine out of ten may seem like a high mark that should be made for a science fiction video that has been abused in the American boxing and critically criticized as Kurt Russell's worst career film. have your reasons. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> First, when reading negative reviews of this film, they usually begin with the wooden character of Russell's interpretation of Todd, an eponymous soldier. I'm going to start here with my surprising statement that maybe this is the best acting I've seen Russell pull away. Todd is an emotional cripple and suffers from intense PTSD - this film was written before the phenomenon is so widely recognized as it is now. Todd is withdrawn, not communicating and alone. He suffers from irrational anxiety - a pitch-to-fever pitch training that teaches him to analyze every movement and interaction with another human being for signs of betrayal and danger. His hyper-sharpening brings with him an inability to understand the greater continuum that the tasks he has been given to sit inside is the scene where he cuts himself to cut the carrot and continues to work without blurring, not cutting or blood. Many people interpret it as a sign of their physical tenacity and concentrate on the work that is at hand, but it is also a sign of simply fulfilling the desired task of a corporation - it does not understand the relationship between the vegetable it prepares and the food it will eat later. <br /> <br /> Todd's dialogue is probably Spartan - the two great talking scenes he gets are absolutely crucial to the story of the film and both emphasize the immense nature of his existence. Fear and discipline told us. Always. The fear of exhausting him to a state where he did not get the smallest details and letting him react to the edge of the knife. The discipline to keep him under control through his fear to overcome him and tactically. This means that he does not have time to think and can not afford feelings. Many viewers have different interpretations of their reaction to the hijacking of Nielsen's Sandra - but I believe you have to interpret them from the point of view of a man who is only a hideous experience in the fight - shaking is his suppression of his fighting / flight instincts, responding to the fear of he defends, his movement and his vision are limited - fear and discipline. <br /> <br /> Then there is the background of leaving it (twice in reality) - so representative of the way our company tends to throw infantry on a pile of company waste when serving its conditions. 40% of the unemployed is a former army in our world, in HIS it may be worse. Russell quickly raises Mace's cloak of responsibility to his wife and child - desperately needing a mission, even with a high probability of his death. <br /> <br /> Then there is a military subtext - the conflict between Busey's church and the hotshot of the headquarters, Mekum. Mekum's new men are faster, stronger, more accurate, and more aggressive. Any one of them can bump Todd into the ground - but it's not the tools you have as you use them. Encouraged by Todd, who has the freedom to pursue his initiative and act without the perplexing effect of perceived superiority, he uses rescue tactics and tricky tricks to step up a newer unit - sent without support, coverage or exploration. It is a reminder that military force can not compensate for failure in leadership. There are many other subtle topics. When the film is shot and the screenplay so low, it leaves a lot of white space to make your own interpretation come to the root. Watch the soldier with an open mind and see what he teaches you.
