That's a great movie. It has a captivating story, an amazing headline, very good acting and murderous action. This is usually the case in 2036, but it shows the scenes that have taken place in recent years to explain the story. The story is very well done and there are no holes. Kurt Russell is a solidary, named Todd, who is trained from birth to killing, and like all other soldiers have never had a normal life. Eventually troops will introduce younger, younger, faster and stronger soldiers. Jason Scott Lee is one of them. As a result, old soldiers like Todd do not have any need. They try new soldiers by fighting some of the old soldiers, Russell is wounded in the battle and is believed to be dead. The Military has dwindled his body just like a few others, assuming all of them are dead, but what they do not realize is that Russell is alive. Todd finds a civilized camp on this planet that the army drove him out. He lives there for a while, but he can not adapt to normal life. He rarely says the word and he is sometimes very aggressive to other people. When he feels he is a danger to them, they send him to the desert. Just like Russell leaves the planet, they are attacked by new soldiers. What the military had forgotten was to train the soldiers to be smart as Todd and the other old soldiers. So while these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd, Todd is easily surpassing them. The army is beginning to realize this, and Todd kills all his people except one. This is Jason Scott Lee and you finally see the classic battle scene between Russell and Scott Lee. Russell apparently comes out on top. This is one of the best action movies I've ever seen and I've seen a lot. It has everything you could ask for in a movie that contains some great lines. The writer also remembered that Russell had never seen a woman before, calling even women "sir." There are no holes in this movie, every minute has a purpose and it's very fun. An amazing male action movie for fans of Rambo, Commando and Missing In Action. This is highly recommended for all fans of Kurt Russell and fans of action / sci-fi.
