In the future, a military component may not be accepted; their candidates are picked at birth, taken out of the crèches and designated to spend their entire lives in the service of the government. They are put into a war machine, body and soul, for no reason whatsoever to protect and serve them; they have no personal identity other than name and rank and no autonomy at all. This is the fate of those whose destiny is destined for them in "Soldier," directed by Paul Anderson and played by Kurt Russell. The screenplay is heavy and grim as the film begins with the depiction of soldier training during the advancing periods of time, from preadolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we'll look at his career when he carries out his tasks in a campaign after a campaign; he is what he was born to be, a soldier. But even the best can not go on forever and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer elite. A new generation of soldiers, advanced genetics and technology products has been created, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. It follows the story of a man who has to fight for his life and tries to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, the features of a new soldier who knows his whole life with only two things: fear and discipline. Russell gives a spectacular performance like Todd, a soldier who over all others has to obey orders without a doubt while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. There are several lines in this movie, but Russell is talking with his eyes. This role demonstrates that he is in fact one of the few award-winning actors of our time; that he can disappear so completely into Todd's character, his ability is capable, and with this part he created someone completely different from what he had done before. And he gave Todd the depth and credibility that any of the lower talents could easily provide as nothing but a demanding and superficial stereotype. Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum) also present a significant performance here. Rounding up supported cast is Jason Scott Lee, who is memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson released an action movie with a story, a warning story that goes beyond the genre of science fiction. The "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our life intact. It's a fun way to get us to consider alternatives like a bleak future and a world in which good movies just would not make a big difference. Like "1984" and "Mad Max," this movie, which is ultimately uplifting, will make you farewell to think of the kind of Universe in which we all have to live together and share. I rate this 7/10.
