Why do I like the DISORGANIZED COMPONENT? Why laugh or laugh out loud when I think a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's hard to explain, but try to try. First of all, it's really fun - unlike what many "official" reviews want to believe. But again it depends entirely on your sense of humor, so they do not make sense. Often, dialogue is a humor and often a sitcom. There is, for example, this very cheerful scene in which four members of the group got a lift at the rear of the truck. When the farmer is thrown off, he stands on the road, covered by all the cows *** or anything else. They are completely destroyed; and then they realized the humor of the scene and began to laugh themselves and Ruben Blades (like Carlos) who looks (and surely smelling) terribly, discreetly pulls out some mouthpiece to do something at least breathing (just describe the scene that smiled again! ). Which leads to the second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades, and Corbin Bernsen (all right, it's overwhelming), they all fit and play - you really feel they had to have fun when shooting a movie. Third, there is a conspiracy. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very abandoned; devotes its time to the plot to evolve and to make the individual characters. More often than not, there is no real action, and yet you are enjoying the four very different people - who are trying to rob the bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to appear - they are thundering about each other and even - like everyone other. The film is a fantastic parody of a typical bank robbery fence - absolutely impossible with all its twists and turns, but utterly convincing in the love of ironic details. By the way, the title of the film is one of the best films I've ever encountered, because it rather sums up the plot in an ironic way. So get your advice: Watch this movie, but if you do not catch the first 10 minutes, do not kill or kill, remember - it's not your movie type. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get into the script - if you know how, tell me.
