I like this movie for several reasons. I have a fine place for movies about complicated crimes like TOPKAPI. I also like movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that swallow in this genre. One of the best is DISORGANIZED CRITERIA. Corbin Bernsen has met four opponents over the years and has decided that everyone can be useful in the bank robbery he plans in the small town of Montana. But he did not provide any details of the crime to fellow citizens, nor did they even know each other. Shortly after he sends them, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey police officers (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) who have escaped before and are ordered to bring him back. While he's in his care, the four disadvantages (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades, and Will Russ) appear without any indication of why they are there except that Bernsen planned something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deal with four consensors who are slowly getting used to each other, and Gwynne and Philips have managed to push their own suspicions to find out that they have to trust each other. At the same time, we can see that Bernsen patiently waits for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too difficult, because they are not the brightest bulbs ever existed. The result is two sets of land that will be focused on each other: four trying to find out what Bernsen's plan was and putting them into operation, and Bernsen tries to keep his freedom from his pursuers and (hopefully find his gang, to succeed). There is also a third, smaller conspiracy involving the growing annoyance and anger of local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who are still getting hair. There are many beautiful moments in the movie, such as Axton, where O'Neil and Roebuck are brought to the encircled house in the city that Bernsen has to hide inside and screamed (through the megaphone "Get Out, We Have Surrounded You!") To make a scene switched to the enormous Montana Plain that Bernsen faces and encounters miles from where the police think it is at that moment. There are times of bad seizures of our four worries, fortunately the oldest (Gwynne) is not always a guarantee of nothing. At one point their car does not start, and they have to drive a car. Unfortunately, it is a freight car carrying the manure. The result with a gang to successfully perform a robbery, banning all police cars at a critical time (Philips specialty cars) is also a jewel of timing, tension and comic results. The film is very entertaining and definitely worth the attention.
