What loss was the loss of Emil Ardolin! He could take the light scenario and, after proper casting and editing, put a glimpse of it and shone like a star. This particular star may not be brighter in the sky because they are great novels, but it's definitely the one that will keep you coming to an end. You really want to know how it will work. The script is perfect for Cybilla Shepherd, who at that time needed to use her success in "Moonlighting" for the next generation, who (fortunately for her) probably did not know how many big screens she had received after a very promising start. In this film, she is still in the form of a virulent widow who lives through her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson on the back of the stars, which culminates two years later with "fried green tomatoes"). She could look too young for this role, but it works well for the way the story unfolds. It's her movie, but it does not cross her boundaries like lead. Shepherd graciously allows Robert Downey Jr. to carry most of the film and show a more mature comic taste than he had in his previous films on this point. And there is wide support from Ryan O'Neal (in his best role in years) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural spell is largely offshore, for he has a way for her figure to look like fresh air with every word. <br /> <br /> Ardolino makes good use of her sexual appeal As well as doing it with "Dirty Dancing," but this movie is not so cruel, so you could see it with your parents if they were in the room. (Use your best judgment, it's your parents.) I give this film a high mark because it is very user-friendly, romantic comedic enthusiasts consider it noble and those who just follow them should find a lot of humor to enjoy also. <br /> <br /> Again, Emile Ardolino makes a loan for making the most of Randy's and Perry Howze's charming scenario. (Where are they now?) Another Ardolino film will be called "Three Men and a Child", but his final theatrical release (Sister Law) finally gave him a tweaked blow that he deserved. Mr. Ardolino, your cinematic touch is missing!
