I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I could not watch her until the end because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I remember I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is not really an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements, but somewhat classify it as fantasy. I liked it, but I hoped they would become somewhat worse and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's father got into the paper and tried to kill her is a bit short. This film is about a young girl named Anna who is ill. While she is ill and must lie in bed because of her little less, she turns to finish her drawing on the house - paper. When he sleeps, which often happens very soon, he finds himself near the house on a large green field. He realizes that the house is exactly the same as the one he drew, and that every new detail also appears in dreams. One day, a boy will come to the house to talk. When he forgets to stretch his legs (because he sits behind the window), the boy can not walk. Later, the doctor said the boy also had this special disease, and she realizes that she, with the boy she drew, took the boy into her troublesome dreams. She also notices that it makes her harder and harder to awaken from her dreams. When he misses her father who is abroad, he draws his father to the house. She makes a mistake, and her father looks very angry at the picture. He tries to tear him off, but he realizes he can not change anything. And next time, the horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because he draws on his head and calls him "invalid"), trying to get into the paper and kill Anna and his friend. Her dreams became a terrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill their father and Anna will eventually wake up. Before Anna finds himself in the hospital where her parents sit next to the bed. Doctors thought she fell into a coma or something. They say Anne that the other boy died and that they want to travel to the ocean to get tragic events. Anna pulls the observation tower and realizes that the same guard tower is located near the hotel where they were traveling. He goes to the guard tower and meets the boy (I do not mention his name because I do not remember and I do not want to go back to the previous html page), he can say goodbye to him and forget those dreadful dreams forever. br /> <br /> I did not understand something in the movie. First of all, it was the end I do not like. I think it's too long, while the main part of the movie is a little too short. How does a boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anne because he's supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a silly radio on the wall? I hated the scene that was stupid for me. It almost destroyed the main horror scene. Things I liked were the Anna's Daddy scene, which was the first real horror and horror scene. I liked a guy. The actor was amazing. He was even better than Anna. I also liked Anna trying to get my father out of the picture as she slept and looking for her in the trash. Overall good movie. I give him 8 out of 10.
