My name is John Mourby, and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw psycho Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply concerned. I began to feverishly search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But none where it is satisfactory. Among the tried and failed were The Birds, Night of the Dead, Alive, Peeping Tom, Cell, Rosemary's Baby, The Blind of the Lambs, The Blair Witch Project, Ring, The Evil Dead, Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, Texas Massacre, Do not look now, Witchfinder General, Friday 13th and Omen. That should confirm I'm desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I learned about Paperhouse paper. Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, I called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came in some of the books I found on horror films, but they did not tell me about the relationship between the book and the film. When I discovered the truth on the Internet, I bought the film later. I thought Paperhouse would not be faithful and boring. It was definitely impatient, but certainly not boring. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne's movie was renamed Anna, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school Anna draws the house in her book (nothing remarkable), then she gets worse, and every time she fails or falls asleep, she finds she is outside a haunted old house (and I mean it really anxious). He also realizes that every time he puts something new on the drawing, he will appear in the picture of the saints, for example Jablon. Anna is attracted to the dream world by a rather sad boy named, apparently a man in the real world. Mark is a cripple, but he wants to leave the house, Anna is attracted to the lighthouse (where to go), but still there is a problem that the brand can not walk. So Anna decides to slip into her father. He gets the pencil and gets to work, but the result is distorted and disturbing that Anna particularly dislikes her eyes. The quote "looks like a madman". So Anna tries to pull it off and start over again, but the pencil proves indelible (that means nothing can be washed). Then Anna loses her mood and crosses her father's eyes! I also let you find out for yourself the terrible consequences of the rash. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is a truly British answer to Nightmare Street Street! Watching this movie left me shocked and upset. But I found what I was looking for after two years. The question is, how do I compare the dose with Psycho? Answer, 1 old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 real shock, 4 and spooky music.
