Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to omit and go into the world of her own creation. The distraught world he drew with a sad boy as a resident of an old rock house in the middle of a lonely field. The lack of detail, like any child who draws the house and its Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not make any legs) are the inhabitants of this purgatory / limb world. Anna begins to visit boys and house more often and tries to figure out what it is and how she tries to save the boy but her fever makes it hard to wake up every time and maybe not only kill her, but she caught her and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It's a good word that summarizes brilliantly haunted and poetic Paperhouse Bernard Rose. A movie that's so simple that it's almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you can find this puppy in your horror section, it's all. She is rather a serious fancy, professionally managed and extremely well performed by her acting, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it is not a children's film, but he wanted us to remember the carefree days that are now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody atmosphere that creates an exciting backdrop for a great story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse remains anxious to explain that it is more dreamy and leaves most of the stuff fantastic to the audience. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity for your teeth to sink. Paperhouse is supposed to play games with the mind of the audience, taking your own sense of thinking. When the story unfolded, I was once again amazed at how powerful the movie managed to get to the final, which left me a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> The visualization of Bernard Rose is great. It can create a relentlessly unconscious atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but as a whole is much larger than the sum of its parts. The acting of young Charlotte Burke in her feature debut is really stunning. Unfortunately, she has not seen the screen ever since. The very well-deserved Burnout Central price is right for this performance. By the end, the movie is a bit lost and here, but I was able to overlook it. I wanted to make a darker turn and create a much stronger final, which would be even worse in the retrospective and really unobtrusive. The film is, it's still one of the books and deserves to be seen by a serious film lover. It is a poetic ride narrated through the child's innocent eyes, a powerful film in which he is very curious and much more praised.
