My friend and I chose "Paperhouse" from a random pile of films on our weekly excursion to the Horror section - not one of us had heard of it, but the advertising on the box was really promising. And he did not disappoint the film, though I still can not call it a threatening film. Eleven-year-old Anna Madden draws her house and visits her in her dreams. She certainly sleeps when she sees the house, but it's so real in the sense that it's almost like a completely separate reality. Which, due to later events, does not seem to be distant from the truth. Anyway, he finds that he can add to the house, its content and surroundings by simply adding it to the picture. <br /> <br /> While it's happening, Anna is getting worse with fever, and she's completely in the house and her drawing. Besides, she and her mother also deal with their absent father; he has a job that takes him to long stretches, though one gets the impression that there is actually more a story than that. OK, so drawing things sound pretty nice - but honestly there's something really threatened about it. Dreamworld is exciting unreal - for example, the house is just a gray block in the middle of a desolate field. People who shot the film have done a great deal with this alternative witnessing reconstruction ... One of Anna's add-ons to the house is Mark Mark, who seems to be the same patient he's still (I do not give it away, you know, from the time it seems to be the same child). In fact, Mark can not walk because of illness; in Anna's cartoon world, can not walk because he did not do any legs. She blames herself for her real illness and tries to correct the situation, but ... everything is getting really strange. She even brought her absent father into a drawing with disastrous results. The pieces with the father are really frightening. I do not want to give up, so I'm gonna stop there ... It seems like a lot is going on in this movie. I'm sure you will have the ball to analyze this thing to death with your buddies after you look at it ... Is it a simple story, it seems, or are there really layers of meaning? I do not know, but it's either fascinating. There was a "Nightmare on Elm Street" - in that reality and dreams mingle in a certain place. I love such things. My only complaint is that it feels like it could end many times, but not. I'm pleased that it ended (some of you sensitive types may have liked Kleenex to be clever!), Though it really could have different conclusions. However, it is not exactly feel it pulled out as soon as it is actually over, but while you look and still slowing down, it's a bit nervous wracking. Still, "Paperhouse" is really a good movie. It's done well, and acting - especially Charlotte Burke as Anna - is top-notch. Burke, who never appeared in the movie or ever since, is a real jewel. I do not know why she has never started doing anything but it's really convincing and pleasant to watch. Paperhouse is not exactly a horror film, it's a kind of fantasy / experience / something else, with some clear horizons - but you can still watch it with your family and do not worry that your little brother or grandmother will be exhausted by spraying blood or something like that. <br /> <br /> Give it a chance, you will not regret it! And maybe you should read a book ...
