I miss Vestron, surely in the eighties of the last century I was counting on the pulse of unique and unusual cinematography. This is very noticeable with the stunning Paperhouse, which touches me deeply whenever I look at it. The idea of ​​a girl who manipulates the world of dreams with her drawings (the senian world is manipulating reality) and also joins and influences the life of a guy she has never encountered is fascinating and never disappointed. Charlotte Burke seems to be quite premature at first, and yet you get warm because, being a little dirty child, it's hard for adults to believe what they are experiencing. She becomes very conscious and strong towards the end, even if she finds she "hates the boys," as she gave up for the first time. Through this, we have been dealing with many of the moments of interest and some of the most frightening, all visually stunning with a great score from Hans Zimmer. I'm quite proud to be the owner of the soundtrack on CD when it was released in the United States on RCA Victor. At the time of writing, there is no DVD Paperhouse available in the US (only in Europe) and I hope that one of my wishes will be fulfilled when I really appreciate this beautiful movie and the DVD will be very welcome! </ p> <p> It is satisfactory to watch the girl process her thoughts as a puzzle game that tries to make the dream world work for her and her new friend, Marc (Elliot Spiers). Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers are doing great work around the world. In the editorial comment on Amazon.com, it seems to me that it's "hammy acting", which is quite complicated - I noticed that every aspect of Paperhouse is exciting. Even in small gloss scenarios, like Charlotte and the girl in the class staring through the glass on the door, it's pretty strong. You do not have to be an artistic type Enjoy a Paperhouse book, become a person who has a movie that stimulates and wants more. This film is enough to invite repeated tours and I am still amazed by cinematography and sets. It's never like watching the same movie twice, because there's so much detail she's absorbing and enjoying. Very emotional experience. <br /> <br /> While there are many films that I love, there are only a few in me that have been hit by a big emotional chord: films such as Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so much pushing out, like movies that are easily forgotten and in the shopping basket, just follow Paperhouse and restore my faith in a wonderful narrative.
