Emilio Miraglia is the first Giallo feature, The Night Evelyn came from the grave, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! We have more of the Giall side of the equation this time, though Miraglia does not lose the gothic horrors that made the movie so enjoyable. Miraglia this time puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot and as a result it is a typical Giallo labyrinth with all the characters and red pastures every few minutes. This is a certain bonus for the movie, however, while while it may get a bit too confusing occasionally; there is always enough to keep the audience's interest and Miraglia's narrative has improved from his previous film. The plot culminates in a scene that sees two young girls struggling than their grandfather explains the legend of a fairly angry image in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman named the "Red Queen", which has a legend that returns every 100 years from the tomb and kills seven people. A few years later, murders began ... <br /> <br /> Although he did only two Giallo's, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. It is obvious that the red color is important to him because he is heavy in both films; and seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He likes castles, a gothic atmosphere, and stylish murders - I'm fine! Miraglia does not have to be Argento when it comes to spilling blood, but surely knows how to get over the top murder into your movie; and here we have the pleasure of including Volkswagen beetle and death on an iron fence, which is one of my most popular death scenes in Giallo. The female party cast is exquisite thanks to the stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti, who are looking into the eyes of a pleasant cast of ladies who are not afraid to take a dress! The score obtained by Bruno Nicolai is catchy and although he does not contain much of the psychedelic rock music that is broadcast in The Night Evelyn, he has come out of the grave; the film fits well. The end is something like a turning-off, because even though Miraglia turns the Gothic atmosphere, it finds it more than a little hurt, and the killer's identity is too obvious. But even so it's a wonderful funny Giallo and one that I highly recommend fans to the genre!
