Finally, I finally approached him and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! Until now, in the nineties, in Dubai, in the 1960s, I was just a crushing scratchy jerky version with strange English subtitles, dizzying wide coverage, and liquid color with my own mind. When I thought the world of such a poor (and short) copy I think is decent, it is worth waiting and full 140 minutes even more pleasure than I thought it was possible. <br /> <br /> This was a beautiful Meena Kumari film from the beginning to the end and I believe she planned her since 1958 and finally realized it in 1971. What a pity that her chronic alcoholism finally killed her and that in fact was too sick, some scenes in Pakeezah that require a double body. In some scenes, there is definitely a tension in her face. The story of purity vs. adversity I can only consider fiction without experience with any distant loved ones, but I have led to the understanding that it faithfully depicts the world that was gone that had to be common in India at one and the same time. It is a sparkling and colorful film with a simple inexorable epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that is somewhat at the same time very sensitive. But for me, the incredible golden music of Ghulam Mohammed is sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and part of the story that makes this movie so great. I have rarely heard so serious, beautiful, poetic, amazingly sung and played songs on any movie soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain may be my favorite music movie, but Pakeezah has her favorite music - but Lata said the songs themselves meant nothing to her. The only pity is that even the unique Mohamed Rafi had the only song, although the classic duo with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to his mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film, shot at a time when the Westernization of India was gathering pace and looking now when Western values ​​seem to be supported and de rigueur. At least watch Pakeezah for the taste of what Indian "pop" music had to offer to the world before everything was discarded for drum machines, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
