The power of the Kangwon province is the second major effort of director Hong Sang-Soo, and clearly much of what he began in his previous film in this film, including many related narratives (in this case two) and stories about troubled or troublesome relationships as well as heavy benefits irony. One thing that has sharply shrunk from its previous work is the flights of fans that contained elements of surrealism. This film, however, contains a single moment of surrealism, which contrasts with the otherwise rather realistic imagery it finds. These two stories follow a young woman who goes to the Kangwon province with her friends only to find out that she is attracted to an alien, the other to a man who also travels to Kangwon with her boyfriend and struggles with her Woes relationship. Hong again shows a strong understanding of irony and deficiencies in human nature and yet I do not think he is completely dissatisfied with his characters and attracts just so much compassion for the criticism he draws with his irony. I think he thought I liked the movie with Hong is that he feels really, especially complex and conflicting characters. Do not say that every person is hypocritical or suffering from confused feelings, but rather that these characters he and the actors present feel fully developed and believable. This is not a fast movie. It's a lot, and just like the previous movie, things do not always connect immediately, so patience is worthwhile and surprising. There seems to be no element of a movie that is not intentionally placed in the movie, and it's a bit of hyper-awareness of the various seemingly extra characters as they get dragged into the mix as the film progresses. > <br /> Performance is a great film that can absorb the level of personal emotions, regret, and long for a story that highlights the irony and the mistake of human decision-making. It is a fairly heavy balance, and it is surprising how she managed to resolve it twice. The technical production value came much better from the first film and the direction got evenly and clearly. This film does not bind the same emotional bait that the first one does, but gains a lot of its assured exploration and refining really helps tighten the overall vision. Great viewing of cinema art lovers. 8/10.
