Fever Pitch has many clichés that we have come to identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: the relationship between two people who have little in common, the secret that hiding from discovering the inevitable breakdown and the public itself? Well, I will not go any further, but you get a picture. In spite of the predictability, it works, especially if you love baseball like me, though I'm not as obsessed with as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher who played comedian Jimmy Fallon on Saturday night alive. <br /> <br /> Adapted from Nick Hornby's novel, veteran scriptwriter Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifetime fan of Boston Red Sox whose uncle gave him a season tickets when he was seven years old and he was some kind of emotionally stuck in This point all his life at the expense of his relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatical" who travels every winter to Fort Meyers in Florida for the Red Sox Spring Games and never misses a home game in the regular season. His family does not relate to parents or siblings, but colleagues who take part in each game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep but visit the Red Sox Museum. When he falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened by the possibility of having to grow up, but Ben is not quite ready. She'd rather take part in the Yankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris and leave the Anaheim series. His relationship is on the verge of dissolution to stop and think about his priorities, especially when Dr. Phil wannabe asks, "Do you love Red Sox, but have you ever loved you?" While the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball, you would never know how things will turn out. Of course, for anyone familiar with the history of Boston Red Sox, it is a team that breaks the hearts of their strongest fans - but this is 2004, the year when the Bambino Curse is over and Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben can do the same. Both major performances are excellent and Farrelly Brothers even handle a pretty rough gag. While Fever Pitch will never be mistaken for an art film, it is a joyful story that will have to go down as one of my wine pleasures. Go to Blue Jays!
