Sure, I do not know about baseball, I'm not even a fan of sport, but it did not stop me when I was looking forward to Farrelly's latest film, Fever Pitch, a charming, unannounced romantic comedy. The film is not really about baseball; it's more about relationships and emotional disconnection that can often take place. <br /> <br /> Jimmy Fallen? gives his best performance to date? like Ben, Dorky, he is a little nerd the supervisor. Ben is a kind of boy who, unfortunately, never grew up and supports almost a fanatical addiction to the Red Sox baseball. Ben is dedicated to Sox and is doing everything from pilgrimage to Florida for spring training to decorate every square inch of his apartment in his team. One day, when he takes his geometry award for a trip to her office, Ben meets Lindsey (beautiful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is a corporate, career-oriented girl, but she's so cute that Ben finds a cute little girl. At first, he hesitates to ask her and thinks she is out of her "class," and Lindsey does not immediately see potential partners in Ben. Will their first date get into a catastrophic start when Lindsey is affected by a severe case of food poisoning? and her resonance seizures provide the first clue that we are actually watching a movie from the Farrell Brothers. Rather than accepting Lindsey's - rather urgent - request for a plan change, Ben stumbles around to play a nurse, order, and guardian. So Ben tore the toilet and the teeth of the dog while his loving interest disappeared with the bucket next to the bed. When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds that she is asleep on the couch, she begins a long and frantic process of dismantling a network of anxieties and ambitions she has decided to regard as her standards. They soon fall in love and Lindsey flashes Ben's fanatical devotion to his sport. After the inherited selection of season tickets from his beloved uncle Ben, he organized his life around the season? he never misses the game. But their relationship, which has proceeded without unnecessary winter, will hit the beginning of the season. Lindsey wants Ben to do other things, like a holiday with his parents and a party with his friends, but Ben is starting to have problems modulate his interest in meeting Lindsey in half. Can Lindsey agree with his irrational devotion to the boys for years to make their relationship work? Can he really adapt to Ben's passion for sports? Can it become a sweet and foolish Red Sox fan eventually find true love? Of course, Lindsey and Ben come with a colorful assortment of friendly friends. Lindsey is the closest friend, thin, rich and blonde Robin (KaDee Strickland), insists that the guy must be wrong if she is only at age 30. However, full, curly Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly ( Ione Skye) provide an optimistic and positive view of Ben. Eccentricity of Benu could be applied to virtually any obsessive sports fan, while Lindsay's frustration could be representative of any woman with a moving career upward. Fallon is awesome like Ben, which has real potential on the screen, overcoming the insignificant challenge of keeping Ben unbearable. Barrymore is just as enchanting as Linda Linda, especially when she tries to accept Ben for who he is without losing sight of his own needs. Fever Pitch really works, and although there are a lot of inspired comedic moments, the film also deals with a serious problem of dependence on sport and how hard it can be for couples to negotiate this fragile territory. Most of the film was filmed in Boston's Fenway Park, which adds a gentle sense of authenticity to the action as well as the atmosphere of the game, although fully aware of what has happened to the team will probably be limited to baseball fans. Even so, Fever Pitch is blessed with such a finely crafted and intelligent script that even new baseball fans will find many to join. Mike Leonard September 05.
