Yes, commitment. Let's say "Fever Pitch" could cheat you to believe it's a baseball movie. But no, you do not have to be a baseball fan who would really enjoy this picture from Farrelly Brothers. Of course, if you are one, you will enjoy it even more; with all the references (quite accurate, I say) to the Boston Red Sox and its bitter history; from the Bambino curse and everything that is attributed to him, including the two words you DO NOT want to say to Boston's fan: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon portray two people who usually have second thoughts about joining: a successful workaholic who is also rich in meeting a teacher? The point is that Fallon's character wins Barrymore's heart by being humorous, caring, sweet and absolutely perfect. But her friends are asking her logical questions: if she is such a breeder, why is she still on the market? Enter Boston Red Sox. Since his uncle handed his Sox tickets, he never misses the Red Sox game in Fenway Park in a long time. And the gentle balance of how workaholic is willing to give up his obsession with man; and how much is that a teacher who has a crazy foolishness willing to compromise to keep the OTHER Love of his life is what this film is about. <br /> <br /> First of all, maybe you think the sporty obsession with the bits of the film is exaggerated for comic relief. Well, I'm sad to admit they are not. As a suicidal Houston Astros fan, I can say they are all true. I would try to see every Stros game; listen to them on the radio or watch them on the internet. I read the Chronicle sports section every day. And yes, my room looks like a souvenir, a Minute Maid Park gift shop; with a full Astros cabinet including 5 jerseys, 20 T-shirts and the rest you know. Fallon's character even has MasterCard Red Sox MBNA. Fallon was quite as reliable as a fanatic faithful Red Sox, although he could pull it without becoming a cartoon (thank God Adam Sandler was not in it); and the conspiracy revolved around how this couple tried to cope with each other's passions. I think it's going to be a classic romantic comedy. It is not enough to be one of the best films in history; but it definitely breaks the form into a genre and is appealing to both men and women.
