This is a great movie for true lovers of romance and sports. <br /> <br /> Drew Barrymore is in the best movie. As a Drew fan it was pretty nice to see her shine after several flops. I had doubts about Jimmy Fallon, but he delivered Ben as a comic, sporty crazy little darling. The comedy in this movie is great, some laugh at the loud moments. Their first date began to be rocky when she appeared in her flat with flowers and her stomach was sick to eat at a new location earlier in the day. Instead of leaving, she helps to take care of her, helps her to change her pajamas, and then cleanses the creature on her bathroom and bathroom, and later tells her she's "very lady like ... no pieces." Everything is great between Ben and Lindsay all winter, but the baseball season begins. Lindsay begins to realize how Ben is obsessed with Red Sox and why this seemingly great guy is still the only one. She tries to shrug and think of it as a good thing because she has a busy schedule of work, and she will not feel guilty for working an extra hour in the games. He even buys all the books on The Red Sox he finds, including one on the "Curse of Bambino". Everything is pretty good until Lindsay has a false alarm that missed her season. Both make them both realize how serious they are, and start wondering if they are the person they want to be. The very touching part of the movie, after telling her that she was getting her time, shows that she sadly gives away the Red Sox girl she bought only if she was pregnant. showed her how important she was and decided to go to her birthday party friends after saying, "I had to check my calendar and when I saw there was a Red Sox / Yankee game, I knew I was going to go." Ben tells her it was "the best night in his life." Shortly after he got the phone from his friend who went into the game, he gave up the party and said, "It was the best!" and Lindsay really hurts when he says, "A few minutes ago, you said it was the best night in your life," he says, "Well, it was a few minutes ago." <br /> <br /> So he will separate for a moment, realize how immature his obsession is, and decide to sell his season tickets he has inherited from his uncle, because if he did not, he "reminds him too much of what gave up ". Lindsay learns through a friend and decides to stop realizing he's doing it for her. It ends very sweetly, showing how his childish love for baseball has gotten into the shadow for a whole new deeper love, Lindsay. They still go to the games and even participate in the World Series and St. Louis and it's a happy end all around. 2 inches up !!
