Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his estranged wife and reports of his daughter when he finds her, the chances of any reconciliation are very low. While here, the sheriff and important people learned about Tollinger's reputation as a town-specific pistol. As they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who pulls them off a little bit, they hold a meeting that decides to hire Tollinger to get rid of the city's bizarre elements. <br /> <br /> Man with the weapon seems to be either forgotten or soon seen, at the time I wrote it, it has just over 200 voices and little written 9 user comments. It's a shame on one of the scores, because even if the production values ​​scream that it's a B Western film, it's a great entry into the Western genre. That the piece is more of a standard scenario for a troubled city that turns to a revengeful dark angel, probably did not make any hobbies over the years, I myself read a synopsis and thought it was just another of a series of thematically similar images. Still, I was pleasantly surprised to find a darkly dramatic picture that boasts many pleasant moments, both technically and as a working story. Robert Mitchum is headed as Tollinger, perfectly occupied, some threatening threat. Often we are talking about the presence on screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had {rightly of course}, Mitchum is there with the best. One sequence sees him standing in the shadows at the back of the room when the appointment is taking place, we can not see his face, but we can feel a teasing young man looking at us! The rest of the cast is also very in the shadow of Mitchuma, so it's really just a big man that the commissioning movies are high, maybe it's unfair to exclude Ted de Corsia for the kick, but the minor flaws of Man with the pistols are with his villains and sadly de Corsia lacks a sort of a kind of malicious threat. Alexeye North score is excellently layered (Spartacus fans are sure to jab in the ears) and Lee Garmes's cinematography is very impressive when we realize that most of this picture was shot on a studio site. Director and director Richard Wilson, director Richard Wilson, has a few surprises for the genre, but it is dark, tonal, violent, and especially very attentive. 7.5 / 10
