"Una Giornata Particolare" is a movie that has a title that sounds so famous that I have seen it more than once. Now that I finally saw her, I'm very happy. It's one of the finest Italian films I know, with one of Marcello Mastroianni's most beautiful performances, playing in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both from the great Federico Fellini. Ettore Scola is a film that takes time to portray characters and slowly develops the story of a special day when Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriela, neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, she is quite fanatical in her thoughts and is no longer a member. The reason I can not find it. On the day everyone in their building, including her husband and children, is out to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, so they meet. Just before Antonietta had gone to Gabriel, he thought he would kill himself, again for reasons I would not discover. As the story unfolds from here, I will not be revealed, but what is happening between the two makes it such a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see, it's a man desperate for someone around you, though we do not know why. He may like Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does that man want from her? She also likes to be careful. We see her hair making her look attractive to men. Loren plays the scenes very well. We understand her questions, even though we can not be sure what her intentions are. The moments when we find out both of their secrets, if that's what you can call, is a great moment. As the story evolves from here, it's even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it for you. This is a movie that you should see. Outstanding performances and beautiful cinematography and the message he gives us is still worth today.
