SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). Every moment you come across a movie that really touches your nerve. This one offers a very simple assumption, almost flawlessly executed in all directions and incredibly moving at the same time. It is surprising that Ettore Scola is "Una giornate particulare" is quite reckless, even hated by some critics. Time Out calls it "garbage" and Leonard Maltin, somewhat milder, "pleasant, but a little fragile". I disagree not only because the film moves deeply but, in its simple story, it shows us more about everyday life in fascist Italy than most of the films I've seen. Cinematography is distinctly dim, even a bit faint and the story straight, which could explain the relative unpopularity of the film. Since the audience of the late 1970s was not exactly spoiled by large Italian films, it is even strange that he was not interested in critics. The film begins with a ten-minute collage of archive footage from Hitler's visit to Italy on May 8, 1938. Against this backdrop, we first meet Antonietta (Loren), a lonely, beloved female housewife with six children in a Roman apartment building. One day, when her Beo escapes, she meets with neighbor Gabriel (Mastroianni), who seems to be just one in a building that did not attend the ceremonies. He is well-educated, cultivated and soon attracts him. Throughout the movie, we hear a fascist rally from a radio transmitter that haunts a courtyard. Scola playfully uses the camera to become a part of driving. After the opening scene, the camera shoots through the courtyard of a modern apartment building (hypermodern in time), seemingly looking for our main characters, which we have not met yet. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in two major roles, all the more surprising because they are completely opposed to the type. Canadian born John Vernon plays Lorene's husband, but is only on screen in the first and last scene. I think his voice had to be dubbed because he is not of Italian origin and he was never there, to my knowledge, so I can not imagine he speaks Italian. If his voice was dubbing, I did not even notice it. On the contrary, it is utterly believable as Italian, even more than the rest of the cast. The story is simple but extremely efficient, the performances are excellent, the end is simply perfect and the framing does not look too demanding, but it works completely. Do not miss this. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 9/10
