As already mentioned, the best version of Homer's epic ever. Completely shot in the Mediterranean's natural sites. The seas and the sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and untouched. Clothes are made of canvas, wool and fur, the setting is stony and naked, everything is somewhat harsh and primitive, a bit of what you would find in the films Cacoyannis or Pasolini, and that's all the more authentic. Though the story is based on myths and goes widely into a supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life could be in the 10th century BC. The rhythm is somewhat slow and austere, but it's so beautiful that you can get it quickly. In fact, it's amazingly close to the original conspiracy from Homer, if not the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, with the beginning focusing on his son, who cares about him. Then suddenly he appears lost in the storm, landing on the island of Pheak, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventure is narrated in memories as a story of his hosts: scary Cyclop, magical world of Circus, underworld, sirens, etc. After 20 years he finally returned to his homeland of Ithaca and it all ends dramatically by killing the precursors of his faithful husband Penelope. As a story, Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor for fighting human life. The actress is a great and international actress. Irene Papas gives us a typical performance about tragedies like Penelope, but the most amazing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and absolutely convincing, it seems to have been really a role for him. What is special is that the role of this dimension has never been offered to him. Also playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) later known as James Bond's girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and plays Athena's Michele Breton, who was another known in a strange movie titled "Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As it was 35 years ago, the series was actually quite innovation for its time, as the first major European co-production for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series in 8 parts on French television since 1974. At that time I was a kid and although it was all in black and white it left a very lively impression. All my life I've been wondering if I ever get a chance to see it again because it's never been shown on French TV later. I recently found a copy of the DVD (all in wonderful color) over the internet. It is unfortunately only in Italian without captions, although at that time there were French and German versions. I have never heard that there is any English version of this film because it is extremely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world and it is quite a shame. If you ever have a chance to watch it, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of Odyssey before or after. One that Camerini played in 1955 is Kirk Douglas's classic sword and sandal as "10 Commandments," but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. One in 1997, Konchalovsky is a Hollywood film based on special effects, sometimes quite harsh, very badly acting and roughly far from Homer's story and atmosphere.
