No, this is not a continuation of the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of Ghima (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are re-introduced and why the story may seem a little different from the ones used for OVA. (The brochure included in the set provides excellent answers to these questions as well as various online sites.) The first eight episodes of these 27-piece television series focus on the battle of Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes lead us to Spark, the blue knight who identifies himself with Parne, and by trying to prevent Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis Destroyer. <br /> <br /> This is not exactly the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the final where Parn rescues Deedlit from Wagnard, right?), this TV viewing is still a great fun fan fantasy. Even if the animation is limited (and a step from the artistic band of the first LODOS), this 27-part series has its appeal elements. Fully accomplished characters, engaging stories, spells, romance, and the great soundtrack recorded by Kaoru Wad from NINJA SCROLL give this unequal spin-off a strike. <br /> <br /> While OVA dub LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I generally liked it and still consider myself one of my favorite oaks. So I had a great deal of hope for an oak for CHRONICLES, which was created in 1999-2000. For the most part, LODOSS TV is an English piece of transparent (non-stellar) quality; but has its share of the problems. Much of the original cast that borrowed English voices to LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, the more mature Parn Billy Regan is a little insurmountable. He did not do a bad job, but his voice appeared as a grid for the first eight episodes (which caused some anti-oak fans to omit the oak immediately), but when Spark and the company came out on the stage, I found it less annoying. (I do not know if it's because it's getting better or if it's just growing up on me). Also, all of the OAV oak did not come back. Jayce Reeves only votes Wagnard (proudly) for one episode; he is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, who gives scratchy but still bad will (as well as laughing laughs expected). Anthony Cruise Kashue, on the other hand, is too tired and it takes about five or so episodes to find his move. Oliver Gregory is probably most effective as Orson, especially during his latest dramatic scenes. Besides Lisa Ortiz (Deirlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best oak voices come from some newer characters including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack - episodes 16-27-) , Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who voted Pirotess in the OAV, but also Ryn's voices with vulnerability and kindness as well as Karla), and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which Leaf the Half-Elf ). The rest of the cast is not horrible in any way, but a bit more uneven than the oak films. Some are okay (Aldon's, Greevus), while others are dull (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) And few were terrible (especially VA's Prince Reona too hard and monotonous for fighters of justice. the fact is the lack of phonetic continuity (some cast members get new voices for some inexplicable reason at some later episodes) is one of oak problems, others involve less unforgettable and embarrassing sound dialog, uneven sync, and finally (beforehand, I apologize LODOSS ISLAND fans will be entertained by these extraordinary, superformed interludes at the end of each episode, and I admit that I initially found them to be a great harassment, but after a while they grew up on me. some showstoppingly funny lines like "I'm King Kashue, and that's my CASHEW! I'm really nuts! ") These drawbacks make the oak for CHRONICLES just a notch just below that for OVA, which leads to an uneven English song that is best called" OK ". <br /> <br /> If one is wondering if the preferred listening choice is a Japanese language trail, guess what? The Japanese version has both good and bad points. While some voices are less unpleasant than the track in English, I find that others are less attractive than English equivalents (especially the actress who makes Deedlit, she is not nearly as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Moreover, I would like to mention that the Japanese occupation is not the same as the OVA. Since the series took place seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) cast members are replaced by new ones. Although they do a decent job, it can be a great inconvenience for those who were accustomed to Japanese occupying OVA. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, right? Despite its mistakes, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a gentle series that deserves to keep its own ground. Its not without its rough spots and does not always live up to its predecessor, yet there are plenty of good points against the bad, so it's a slightly nice fantasy of Anime.
