As for art, the 1970s were a very turbulent period. In literature and art it was the closure of a great fifty or sixty-year period of creativity that has not yet been restarted. It's been a decade in music that many consider to be low points because of corporate rock and disco. On TV it was the golden age for sitcoms, from The Odd Couple to the Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​at All In The Family, but in the film it was an even longer period of creativity in all genres saw the rise of American directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - the ashes of old studio systems that have dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to make literate artistic films for the masses that have been entangled in Europe since the end of the Second World War. However, studies have tried to keep up with socially familiar films of the kind that have not been seen since the 1930s. But unlike the 1930s, actors such as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually playing together Dead End Kids), who dealt with social issues realistically or as realistic as one could get to a sound scene, social consciousness of the end the sixties, and the early 1970s were most popular in science fiction films, which allowed the left wing of Hollywood to preach the masses under the guise of what was most considered to be above the fun of comic books. This approach was a precedent, as several films of flying saucers from the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the McCarthy era - most notably, The Day of the Earth stood still and the invasion of body hijackers. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling saw a constant disruption of political conservatism at the time by throwing social issues into science fiction on his classic science fiction television anthology show The Twilight Zone. Study offers of this time include ecologically sensitive quiet jogging; The first film, George Lucas THX 1138, dealing with consumerism, group and existentialism; and Logan's run, which went to communism and state control over the rights of the individual. Some of the film links are rather cumbersome - and horror of the Arab oil crisis and constant inflation. Several starred strawberries cost $ 150 and Soylent rewards its colorful colors - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, which is supposedly made from "the best underwater growth," in a way that differs from what's going on. The scenes of food riots are scary echoes of oil riots at many petrol stations during the release of the film, and the scene of the pile and body, both alive and dead, lying around, are still cool and influential. The later film, Escape From New York, is an obvious offspring. The rest of the script, Stanley R. Greenberg, is however rather pedestrian and quite standard for dystopian film, but Fleischer and cameraman Richard H. Kline are doing a great job filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds, spice up things. The use of soft, slightly illuminated visuals that have been filtered so much adds to the Stygian feel of New York, almost as a variegated version of Vampyra Carl Theodore Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and it was not a fashionable faux pas, the film would really seem timeless. The end of the film, in which Thorn penetrates into a manufacturing plant where corpses are made into soy green wafers, is cold and strangely dramatic. Eventually, the Soylent guides hunt Thorn down, but he survives long enough to tell the film's catchphrase to Hatcher's boss. Still, we do not know if it's enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted and has experience of how easy to go. Still, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film recapitulates the dilemmas of its characters and has a depth much later, better-made films, scientific or not, they do not. That's why Soylent Green is still a worthwhile movie.
