Documenting a document. This is one of the ways to describe how the river keeps on the right: a modern cannibal story. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who at the end of the 1970s made his way back to the places he spent more than 40 years ago as a field researcher, first in West Papua and then Peru. Tobias is a full-fledged figure: a homosexual Jewish art anthropologist who lives on a cruise ship that teaches tourists about the cultures they have come to have deep respect and understanding. The author of several books documenting his time with the Asian people of West Papua and the cannibal amazons in Peru, Tobias was scary of what happened at that time in these places and how intimately his relationship and relationships were. Still, Tobias's constant miracle and award for the places he has seen is admirable and really joyful to watch. One can only hope that he will always achieve and maintain such humility by himself. Tobias is a convincing subject of the study because the experience he faced when immersed in these two tribal societies left him fundamentally altered. This film questions the notions of morality and "nature" - such as nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch the graphic circumcision scene). When he was questioned why he was involved in local practices that others would morally condemn, his distrustful nature asks, "Why not?" Who says that the path of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleep is a must-see not only for National Geographic but also for those interested in the art of documentary film. This movie shows what can be shot in a video. Editing provides a peaceful revelation of Tobias's life that leaves you fascinated. Sometimes he desperately wants the film crew to move in order to return the emotional journey, especially with regard to his age and physical fragility. We can be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to turn to each other, perhaps sympathetic to the desire to understand mankind and its place in the world. Directors give a few moments of critical equilibrium, for example, they represent one anthropologist who believes Tobias has determined his findings (homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. That means you can not decide when to stop being shocked, and when to take that man home to get it. Going across the River Queen, this is the best ride on the river I've just done.
