NYC, 2022: Greenhouse effect, disappearing oceans, grinding unemployment and lack of water, energy and food .. and the New York population has reached 40 million. It is a small jewel of the image, not least because the future that is exhausted by the resources is for us a citizen of the 21st century. <br /> <br /> The low budget opening titles of this movie are great: set to music, a low-tech 'tape-slide' sequence composed exclusively of archival photos from the dawn of photography until 1973, depicts an intact American shepherd who he developed into dirty and overcrowded hell in less than 2 minutes. Clear and unambiguous, it's really unforgettable. Budgetary constraints are also a rather non-imaginative cinematography and other limitations, which is inconsistent with the brilliant assumption of the story. The sequence of police stations is like an episode of a television detective show of the 1970s, and the other interiors look the best. The budget is likely to try to "futurise" the "Chelsea West" Soylent Executive apartment with state-of-the-art adventures, which means that other costumes are perfect, some steady shots are bizarrely inadequate and the daily exteriors look like a smoke filter. The memorable scene, in which Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share a meal of precious and rare meals, sums up their company: they have real bourbon, lettuce, celery, tomatoes, apple and beef, and we really feel that they have managed to appreciate someone else rich privileges. <br /> <br /> Robinson's death scene, in which his character is voluntarily killed in a place called "Home," depicts him immersed in the images of the once beautiful flora and fauna of the world, as he remembered them, contrastingly contrasted with the cry of inherited Thorn's realization that the future was imprisoned among others. <br /> <br /> This is one intelligent movie and its main message is how it is relevant today, as it was in the early 1970s. Yes, I know we are not eating dead anymore, but with our long life, the spiral of the poverty gap, corporate global capitalism, and the uncontrolled destruction of habitats leading to climate change, there can be a permanent prediction of "Soylent Green."
