The world of the SOYLENT GREEN sci-fi drama in 1973 is what we could see if we're not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York reached 40 million in 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, year-round waves of heat, and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what are these foods really made of? This question is at the heart of this somewhat dated but still interesting film based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thorne, the NYPD detective, who meets the murder of top manager (Joseph Cotten). As it turned out, Cotten was on Soylent Corporation's board of directors, responsible for all the food people have to consume instead of the real one. Heston thinks it was not just the murder of the garden variety, that's why Cotten was averted. He gets a lot of help from his slightly offensive but very skilful "book" (Edward G. Robinson in his 101st and last film appearance) and some early remarks of what the world was like. What Robinson discovers about Soylent's greenery shakes him over all imaginations; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he himself euthanized himself. And when Heston really discovers the secrets of Soylent Green ... Well, that part has become immortalized into film history. Under the very professional leadership of Richard Fleischer, SOYLENT GREEN is a rather gloomy but thoughtful look at the dystopical future that humanity could live without limiting our tendency to rid our planet of its natural resources. In fact, it was Heston's own filmmaking project in 1968, after making gold in the science fiction genre with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is likely to be lost every time his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a tract for unlimited capitalism). Robinson, as always, is a perfect professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is euthanasized (as he looks at a better-time video from the world of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from solid support from Chuck Connors (as a very convincing heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior), and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman trying to help Heston in his queries. <br /> <br /> Nowadays, it seems easy to refuse SOYLENT GREEN for having dated. But those who do it should think twice; because the world of this film can eventually become our reality unless we look at what we are doing with what we have today.
