As with all 70-year-old films that are environmentally friendly, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather spiced outlook on what is ecological. Overcrowding means that too many people are feeding? I had the impression that famines were caused either by war or a failure of economic policy. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead for famine, and to this day the greatest man who became a tragedy was Mao's rural policy in China that in the 1950s led to over 30 million deaths on starvation. And let us not forget the great hunger in the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 1990s, which had to do with conflicts that are not exaggerated. You might also want to believe that two of the most strongly populated areas on Earth, in Hong Kong and Macau, have never experienced famine in modern times. Similarly, the expansion of poor cities around cities, as seen here, is not strictly limited to overcrowding - it is on economic factors where people gather in cities to find a better paid job than in the countryside (it is a sign of industrial progress - not too much many birthdays) so the image of the streets of the New York City that is too overloaded to pass and that people sleep on the stairs is somewhat ridiculous <br /> <br /> But do not make SOYLENT GREEN a heap of pampering trees hugging because it I consider the best ecological film of the 1970s. Playing on the audience's knowledge of a world where Sol and Thorn are side by side in search of fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn looks amazed at having ice in the whiskey, infusing a cigarette and adding a classic line. "If I could afford that, I would smoke two, maybe three of them a day." But it is a view of the euthanasis chamber, which is memorable, as Thorn looks at the images of wild animals, flowers, flowing water and snow covered mountains, the world Thorn's generation never knew. This is a very scary scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie, combined with the appearance of Edward G Robinson's last screen as the wise Jewish Sol Roth
