The only film next to Soylent Green, which has such a sense of hopelessness, is On the beach. Both films deal with the consequences of man-made disasters on the species and the planet. At the beach with nuclear war and Soylent Green with environmental poisoning of the planet. Maybe there is reason for some optimism because since 2007 we have not reached one of the worlds described in these films and we should be already. There are still about 8 million people living in New York than 22 million at the turn of the millennium, as described in Soylent Green. Environmentalists always suggest this film as a consequence of global warming. For me it also shows emu amuck to true life. Of course there is no family planning in this world. Charlton Heston is a NYPD detective who lives with a local friend, Edward G. Robinson, who is old enough to remember Earth before the disaster. Murder was committed, Joseph Cotten, Managing Director of Soylent Corporation, a multi-ethnic concern that comes with a food product, with a multicolored cloth that will supply the world's population. The latest product is Soylent Green. The investigation finds that Charlton Heston receives his man, but also leads to some terrifying truths about Soylent Corporation and the future of mankind. How, eventually, Heston shouts that Soylent Green is of the people that we have become a cannibal race, the scary thing is that there is no alternative. We have exhausted the planet, and we must eat our dead to survive. It was Edward G. Robinson's farewell performance, and in his memoirs Heston talked spellfully about Robinson, although they had different political views. Several weeks after Robinson wrapped up the final scene of his disappearance of the screen he agreed with euthanasia, he died in real life. Few did not, but Heston knew that Robinson was at last, and that there was no attendance at the last deadly scene between the two. <br /> <br /> Even though the schedule has been turned off, it does not mean that the world was Soylent Green, it can not happen. Hopefully, we will not only have the intelligence, but the sense of shared responsibility to make it happen.
