"Garden of Allah" is an excellent example of "popular female literature," the twist of XX style. Century, combining all the power of unmanageable erotic and exotic divination, with the incitement of false mysticism and the sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Like Jane Eyre, she could not really be happy until her castle burned down and her mistress was permanently mutilated for her sins, or that the hero "Rebecca" could not find a real fulfillment in her marriage until her lord's husband had tried to murder her first wife her castle burned around her), or the poor Psyche could not leave herself alone and had to choose Cupid's mystery at all costs, Domini, the devoted Catholic heroine of this bite, could find true sexual realization by inadvertently marrying a man who gave up his sacred promising promises. Like all such stories to encourage a female reader and evoke fumes, this relies on the oldest tricks in the book: basic misunderstanding and inability to express true feelings at the right place and at the right time until it is too late. The logic lies in the fact that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be wedded until one is willing to pay a high enough price to mitigate the last act. Paul Claudel is reduced to the standards of cosmetic salon magazines. Well well ... It could have been much worse and it was often ... <br /> <br /> Without religious subtext, it is a plot of plot as your basic pornography: Excessive monk driven by mad abstinence escapes the desert where he has several dunes with a romantic, noble, but naive Catholic heiress before reinventing his monastery, all the passion spent, and letting her clean up her mess. And he really does not like comparing another commentator with "Thais" Anatole France, a sophisticated novel designed to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which, fortunately, have appeared in Massenet's opera of the same name. <br /> <br /> But what makes this picture unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism is, of course, the enormous constellation of talent gathered under one banner to make this film wet dream come to shimmering, lively life. An unbeatable Technicolor photograph that will survive all of us, a truck of worthy characters (including one cute dog), Max Steiner's musical score, which seems determined to meet the "composite film" by Michael Powell (who ironically had a small part in a silent version of the year 1927) have always dreamed that they sometimes disagree on the edge, but they always go through a wonderful symphonic, opera exotics, a festive atmosphere where material considerations are not the subject, the characters travel as if the spell from one place to the next dialogue is thin, vague and suggestive, artistic direction is approaching heaven, the floral arrangement appears in the most beautiful cottage or tent, the heroin dressing room is inexhaustible, and all male figures are either aristocratic, saints, convicted, but enthusiastic sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Aha ... Hollywood! MGM DVD presentations of this film are bare bones, but impeccable. Bit rate is very high in all, color registration is almost always perfect, and 2.0 mono sound actually matches Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. Historical note about this kind of "female subject": The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by the "Garden of Allah," directed by "Carnet de Bal", where very similar meat-horse horses will not melt her mouth care for a sick husband in exotic distance to some impossible romantic alpine villa on the lake) wants to find out what she missed by looking for male dancers in her first dance book. She finds them all in time, just to realize that any feeling that was at one moment between her and her was either misunderstood, overstated or otherwise had life-long tragic consequences. It was Duvivier's cynical way of telling us to take care of an extremely idealistic concept and that we must all grow up sooner or later.
