The audience in 1936 had to be amazed at what they were watching: the full-featured, beautiful feature-length film Technicolor. I can not say for sure, but it could be the first (3-way). Anyway, it looks beautiful 70 years later on DVD. In fact, how good it looks is amazing. Kudos has to go out to Richard Boleslowski, director of photography by Virgil Miller, Selznick International Pictures and DVD-MGM Home Entertainment. All of us together gave us one of the best classical films. I thought the story was so good: in the first half, in the second half stagnant. In the end it was a nice message, although many people were not happy with it. I can not say more without spoiling it. Marlene Dietrich never looked better, I do not believe and I have never played such a subtlety ("Domini Enfilden"). Heart-throb Charles Boyer was a male star and Domini's affection, but some of the little characters were the most interesting for me. People like Joseph Schildkraut as "Batouch;" John Carradine as "The Diviner Sand"; Most memorable, at least for me, was the "Irena" dancer played by Tilly Losch. Wow, there's a face and a dance that you will not soon forget! I've never seen anything like this in the thousands of movies I've seen. Just see her being worth the DVD. When we look at her IMDb biography, she was in four movies, but it was all the famous movies. Basil Rathbone, an actor who really became famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes," is also here as well as C. Aubrey Smith, another famous British actor of his day. Schildkraut, by the way, will recognize the classic fans of the film as a man who played the arrogant business clerk in the big hit "The Shop Around The Corner" with Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan. <br /> <br /> The beautiful direction, shooting and colors and Tilly's dance are the things I remember best about this movie, which is a lot of good and not so good things that come back to it. If the last half hour were better - even if I admired the end - it would be even higher. It's definitely one film collector he wants to add to his collection.
