I discovered the film after reading the book that inspired him. It's not a strictly biographical film; is "freely based" on facts. But I have found it to be a convincing and mysterious exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives unforgettable performance as Doctor Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many unforgettable pictures in this movie; Petiot, who traverses the night as a vampire, has a black cloak behind him, is almost iconic. There are also several Expressionist expressions - Petiot's crooked silhouette, which mounts the stairs leading from the basement where the remnants of his victims are waiting for cremation, reminds me of some scenes from Nosferatu. the primary accent of this film is aural. The soundtrack is full of ominous sounds, beginning with the pre-recorded music of introductory credits, accompanied by a faint cry. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small stores, and there is a persistent noise in the background of knives that are somewhat sharpened, as well as a merchant who plays a spooky melody. There are also sounds of animals - the porter keeps the goat, the invisible cats exhale - and later in the movie we see that the unfortunate cattle are crossed by the underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with an undertone of violence and defeat. <br /> <br /> Not only do they hear the animals, but they often hear the voices - the cries of the Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in their waiting room, watched by the listener, as well as suspected collaborators after the war are being watched in their cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged to hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot meets Mrs. Kern, we hear her singing when she works and her voice will sound in the theater before we ever see her. Even when she appears, she is often shot from behind, her voice calling to her husband whose voice calls for her after the conversation. The unspoken voices echo in the big halls, and their owners, when everyone is seen, are photographed from a distance, so we can not see them talking. This is a haunted story, and these are ghost voices - many of them are future victims of Petiot. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; his terrifying laughter reflects when he recedes from the camera, throwing notes behind him or in the air to anyone. Just as he is the same ghost as the murders. He is always frantically busy, from appointment to meeting, never in peace. But his activity is a machine - without life and dreadfulness. It is interesting that Petiot was not afraid of all the horrors and dangers of occupied Paris; he is amused, excited, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike the real people who are lured to their death. Not surprisingly, he can boast his mechanical achievements, including the eternal movement of the machine (the real detail of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); he is the kind of eternal motion of the machine. And mechanical shots are everywhere in the movie, from the opening giant in the movie, to Petiot's bicycle (with the screeching wheels echoing the knife sharpening sound), to Victrol, who is shooting to play music before he's killed. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to his wife, allow me to move you before the break, you need vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well oiled machine, the routine is always the same because the record is always the same . <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says it was the perfect perfection of his crimes, which so heavily binds Petiot at his trial. His system was just as smooth and effective as the Nazi concentration camp, and that may be the reason the film will develop a subversive involvement of Petiot in the French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, it does not work as part of the story, because it is very hard to find out what Petiot is doing for co-workers or what's going on when he ends up at the headquarters in the middle of the night. Liquidation of bodies? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say, and harder to believe; it is unlikely that the state would turn to an independent such as Petiot. But it reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petiot is a robber and killer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs, and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes can be loving fathers and family men, we must realize that Petiot could commit unspeakable horrors and still function normally. His madness is easily masked by the madness and horror of the war in Paris; when killing, robbing and disappearing is happening everywhere, no one is looking at attention, because Petiot throws a pile of other corpses.
