I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb to one of the summits of Mount Everest. Now this kind of thing can not be missed. Inspirational. Migration. Pretty standard, right? And even if it was the movie, I'd still like it. But it was much more. The blindness itself, German Sabriye Tenberken, has set up a school for blind children in Tibet, a culture that sees blindness as a curse as proof that you have done bad things in your previous life. Many children in school have avoided life and at best it is a burden for their families. Tenberken shares his story about Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind who has reached the top of Everest peak. He sends a letter asking him to come visit his students. Instead, the plan will come. He will arrange for them to climb to 23,000 meters of Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants, and this is the time when entertainment starts. Eric's team is predominantly American, predominantly male and predominantly visible. Experienced mountaineers are personality type A, very gung-oriented and targeted. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and students for her are more than "a project", no matter how good she is. Students are also Tibetan and are not sufficiently older or sufficiently self-confident to always stand for themselves. As the expedition unfolds, they become pawns between the two "adult" parties, "they both want and at the same time want to gain the trust that comes from success. As another obstacle (other than blind, that means) speaks English as a second or, in most cases, third language and trying to understand and understand When it happens that none of the students have any experience of climbing and some are much more coordinated than others, it starts to uncover the original Erika plan so that everyone can reach the summit together As students, so the teachers will suffer from the effects of the high altitudes, it must be decided whether to continue or send some down the mountains.High high altitude effects are increased irritability and you can see how it fights the conflict between adults.For the danger of simplification, the side is the one for whom the goal is all, and on the other are you who want to enjoy the journey, and I will not tell you how it turns out, except that I said it was one of the most surprising and thoughtful provocative stories I've seen for a long time. The film also bits the bits of every story of a climbing story into a narrative, and that was urgently needed because once they went out, the kids tended to keep their heads down and their mouth shut. With all the dramatic events around them, it was not surprising. Behind the scenes are charming and hearty, and it was very strange that I was closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations and other pleasant surprises. In addition to all the human drama that was to be covered, director Walker and her small crew had to deal with cold and oxygen-free conditions, equip the mountains and hope they did not fall apart. As with all the great documentaries, the creator was so fortunate (or smart enough or well prepared) to be in the right place at the right time, and she captured a very strange story that has something to say about people who want to do "what is best for children "as well as children themselves.
