There's an episode of The Simpsons, which has a jerk report that refers to an army training base like "Killbot Factory." Here is a commentary simply part of a quarrel, but what Patricia Foulkrod shows, shows us that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army decided to address the problem they had faced throughout the war; that many soldiers came to battle and found they were unable to kill another human being unless it was a "me or they" thing. Since then, the US Army's training process has removed all moral arguments and transformed recruits into killing machines that do not have fighters like humans. To develop in them the most unnatural state: "Permanent urge to kill". <br /> <br /> It's not the antiwar movie as such at first. While it certainly radiates war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses on an aspect that does not receive as much media attention as a debate about the legality of the war or its physical successes or failures; it influences the process of turning a person into a soldier for this person as a human being. It is a paradox that training someone who is a soldier to defend society is totally inappropriate to live as part of this society, and while most of the examples and respondents come from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod makes a connection with past conflicts, especially Vietnam , painfully clear. It's not about any particular war, it's about the problems caused by the war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three parts; how the recruits and training return to the army, how they deal with them when they are in battle, and what happens when they leave the army. Once that point has been reached, you realize that the main goal of this film is the policies that are the property of armed forced policies that are set up so that soldiers create affective combat power, but remove the whole humanity from individuals. Inquiries tell camps how the recruitment process seems as pure and simple as words such as "democracy" and "freedom" are associated, but once they start training, they become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy" them. As the soldiers once did, they did not care what was imposed on them, because they were rooted in the idea that once they made the order, whatever that is, they are a step closer to returning home. They have no political or social ideals that they would fight but fight and kill because that was what they were trained to do. But the main objective of the earthly truth is to highlight the way the American army rejects those who fought for their country as soon as they return home. There is no real rehabilitation to return to soldiers, and many are forced to go home unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most policies seem to ensure that the military has no legal responsibility to pick up soldiers. It is a final scandal that once they are used they will be thrown away. If there is an error in the movie, Foulkrod will not try to show another side of the argument. You would have the impression that every soldier who ever came to the war will return with a post-traumatic stress syndrome. Would it be interesting to see you? less liberal education give their views on how the army deals with training and policies. There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to become conscious. In addition, it is a professionally crafted document, and Foulkrod's use of stock records and music is perfectly utilized by the party of war, which is too often when it comes to discussing the fall of the war.
