"Descent." Yeah. Boy ... I have not seen anything so powerful and scintillating from Bruno Dumont, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way, this film can not be confused with another fairly recent picture about "empowerment of women", "The Descent" (2005), directing our friend Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who will also become a significant talent. But go back to this "descent", NC-17 rated (uh-oh) effort on which beautiful Mrs. Dawson takes the credit of the producer (congratulations) and directs Talia Lugacy (a strong chance that it is not a real name) as good as is (in moments), it will not be appreciated by most laity, because the script is quite faulty. As a manufacturer, you really need to quench this script. Of course, in the assumption you have the promise of a rising conflict, but it is still a task in this direction to reach an increasing conflict. Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting experimental theater, and I think that others who have already commented will let me speak with a boring character, namely what appears in the second act - but can I find a second act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22, which goes along with these quasi-independent movies, such as Descent, in which Rosario joins and uses her "glory-identity" to get a production script that would not normally get at the same time, is basically a poor access to the leading role of the film. Rosario Dawson is gorgeous and you can shoot this girl from some angle all day, but, oh, as fast as she gets rid of time: Rosy is no longer a college student. That's part of the confusion about the script: "Is she a graduate?" No, graduates do not really have such a kind of doubt about football players, are they? " Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, executive producer, this is one of many, many aspects of the professional film process that you will have to think about when you embark on this amazing new role in your film career. And if you do not have the answer to why the movies are not convincing, let me tell you: there is a ship and fever of live, well-qualified, talented undergraduates, pining to engage in a business that could clamp this clause figure, and it all the time, looking as good as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Dawson - not gold, no money. I have to say that the department of the camera has done a great job because this film is really well shot (ie Illuminated) in its everyday and dreamy darkness. Nightclubs look amazing; it is possible to say that all those music videos are beginning to pay off and play with time ... Shooting / framing is quite excellent, thanks to which the picture is good watch. "I'm hoping that this film will find its own life thanks to NetFlix, and I hope that this group will continue to make movies If you're in experimental American film, cinematographic images of unlikely well-formed study rounds (or male models or if you are an undergraduate, just angry at hormonally aggressive young men, include less than half of US university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" may be your taste RockaRoll.
