I rented this movie just because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down and watched him with my friend and we were stuck in our seats for six minutes. Not because of any intensity in these 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no blasts, no dirt; film. He slowly attracted you and leaned you to the tragic human destiny. Some people think they like the movie but they are sad. They like movies; meaningless entertainment for fun by herself. Michael Bay's Transformers and the like were made for this audience. There is no need to think of people, just follow and let the stereotype sometimes we can slowly dissolve the brain. Throughout the movie, we will place ads so we can buy our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love blasts. Here we make a difference, arts can be fun, but it is also the thought of provoking and shifting you in a hidden way. Entertainment is seldom creative and even casual. The movie is fun. Descent is a movie. The film is a work of art. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> If you still hold the soul inside your walk with a meat bag, this raped scene is as strong as 'irreversible'. There is a distinction here that "irreversible" was the violent scene of rape involving two people whose travels unfortunately traversed in bad times and followed hell. "Descent" is the date of rape. No less repulsive. No less humiliating. Just another. It is a violation of trust, soul desecration and deep scars. If the character "Maya" agreed, it would be a sexual scene. But when she saw her desperately trying to escape, the scene is bad. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial killer, and it is utterly disturbing because it resembles a passionate love. How could Maya ever be ever close to someone, even when in the midst of rape, her "Jared's" slim lover's face facade only ever crashes? It's destroyed. The film as a whole is beautiful. The camera works and lighting occasionally removes the surroundings and everything focuses on the "Maya" and the quiet inner functioning of her mind. All that Rosario has achieved, with a face and gesture. The soundtrack was great, a mixture of everything. My favorite scene is the synchronization of all these aspects of the film that they collaborate on; "Maya," dancing in the sea of ​​writhing bodies, something inside her awakening, realizes that all is beautifully sad to Jeff Buckley. I do not think I've really spoiled anything here. I'll stop before. It seemed to me that it was the best movie of 2007 that is taking place. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so foolish today that if you do not hack and slash, rape gangs or nothing, then people can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is only the last thing that happens in this existence. The worst thing that will happen will never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you shower; When you tear your teeth; when you buy a Christmas present when you bind a shoe; they are pursuing you. They persecute you until the last thing releases you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Arrange yourself. Watch this movie.
