Yesterday, I attended the world premiere of "Descent" at Tribeca Film Festival in NYC. I had a great time. He was sold out and visited by all major stars, including my department of Marcus Patrick. I give the film 7.5, which is based on possible dozens of stars. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) at college. You can imagine the typical environment in the school with wild parties and flirting. The photos in this movie were great. He meets Jared (Chad Faust) and becomes dear. It looks like any other relationship at the beginning. The man is looking for a woman's attention and affection and the woman is playing hard. Both played well. Very innocent flirting between the two. She invites her to her apartment and everything is falling apart. The apartment is very desperate and dark. Eventually it ends in a basement that is extremely dark and lit by numerous candles. That actually reminded me of a dungeon. Here is where she shows her true colors and continues to rape her. This is a very dark shrunk scene. This scene is not for young or weak hearts. The scene of the rape is a bit long and heavy, but it is necessary for the rest of the movie that follows. Maya is now beginning to lose her soul to drugs and sex. It fits into its own abyss. She begins to visit the wildest parties and wakes up in the morning one morning without recalling how she got there. She told him to go see Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this character is that they say, "It's a man who saves everyone who needs rescue." He's the one who tells Maya drugs. They begin the relationship of addiction that will appear later in the movie. Club scenes at this point of the film are photographed with extreme experience. I thought they were well done and I noticed that the director of photography was awarded at the end of the performance during the publication. Maya is then back to college as a TA and who is in her class - Jared her rapist! You saw the confusion and emotion on Maya's face. What should I do?? What to do next? The shots of her face and emotions are invaluable. What's going on is not really what's going on. She's interested in Jared. He seems to be trying to revive his relationship and to love again. I sat where I said it really could do it. It was not. Nothing can give up the truth. <br /> <br /> She invites him to his apartment and will of course appear. Now her apartment is dark and rough. She completely pulled him away. He thinks he will have "luck". Then it rages like every woman. It throws him everywhere and he's excited. Note: For anyone who plans to see this movie, this scene is full of nudity - it may not be right for a younger viewer. She then turns the situation and becomes an animal and continues to rape him. Again, the scene is dark, rough and very harsh. If you are going to see a movie and you do not want to know what's going on, skip this paragraph and go to the last paragraph. <br /> <br /> Adrian returns the picture again. Maya has Adriana to save (?) Her by performing an extremely harsh male sex with Jared. He thinks this is the last revenge. Adrian continues with Jared's masculinity and puts his dignity to nothing. Marcus, like Adrian, plays this scene as believable as anyone can do. He is a powerful actor playing a strong figure and the power comes out across the screen. After the film during Marx, he explained that this scene requires great trust between him and Chad. Maya thinks this revenge will save her, but I do not think so. One of the final scenes has a close-up look at Maysa's face and you can see her face tearing her tears. It was a wonderful detailed scene and evokes constant discussion from anyone who sees this movie. Did she get the revenge she wanted? Was it as satisfying as she expected? In my opinion, it is not. It's just worse. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie, a well-functioning role, and I recommend it to anyone who thinks they will see it. I would be a little hesitant if she is under 17 years of age. Rosario, Chad and Marcus should be valued for well-done work. Photography and photography are also to be praised. It was the night I enjoyed.
