There is no director who likes me more than Mamoru Oshi. But sadly, although he has managed quite a few films that have gained tremendous international attention, there are still several fairs of his films that have cracked. Tachiguishi is one of them, and although I loved him, it is hard to understand why the distributors in the West are a little reluctant to relax. Among his big and serious movies, Oshii is known to be doing some smaller and stranger projects. While Tachiguishi definitely falls into this category, Oshii really overcame this category and created something that is difficult to classify, even as a strange Japanese film. Go figure. <br /> <br /> There is a documentary film that is not entirely different from Otaku no Video. Rather than become crazy about an existing subculture, Oshi invences his own and immerses himself in culinary heroes, throws food free of charge, and promotes the Japanese culinary level. Oshii's approach to this subject has close ties with Dai-Nipponjin as he treats him with a deadly sense of gravity, while the images on the screen look as ridiculous as it may be. Deadpan humor taken to the extreme. But that's not all, rather than just shooting his mercenary Oshii decided that using new visual techniques baptized superlivemation. A strange mix of live action, photography, digital animation, and puppet puppets. Perform and develop (or imagine if you want) the largest Japanese animation industry because the project should be as cheap as possible. <br /> <br /> And if you think they just cover it, they know the movie is extremely difficult in dialogue, making it a good accompaniment to innocence. The influence of grifter is analyzed from all cultural, political and even philosophical angles, ejected to the audience through a constant stream of monologues and dialogues. And to make it even worse, the whole film is fully grounded in current Japanese history and customs, making it even harder for foreigners to get good material. Needless to say, it is recommended that more insights are best suited to the best of all details in the movie. <br /> <br /> This means that at the conceptual level the film is easy to follow and quite nice. Different hunters are portrayed as the most influential historical figures of post-war Japan. The movie is played as if you were expecting a serious document of another significant person who should develop, but in some way the big and rough animated carved photographs of the limbs from which images are collected do not make it so serious. A range of supposed figures is noble, Shinji Higuchi takes a cake as a cow-maker wearing a ring while on fast food chains with his gang bull / people. Oshii regular Kenji Kawai provides, in addition to the nice comic performance, scores from atmospheric and dark to handsome, strange and comic. A lot of fun is to get out of exaggerated sounds and effects that complement the animation and completely contradict the tone of the rest of the movie. Visually, the film is very atmospheric, although it must be said that the animation is relatively rare and yet effective, it remains weak, just to erupt from time to time in hyperactive strangeness. This is not exactly a bad thing to see Tachiguishi being so heavy in dialogue. In spite of this, the film is still a visual masterpiece, because each shot looks completely fresh and adapted to fit and improve the overall atmosphere of the film. Beware, however, because Tachiguishi requires a lot from the viewer. If you do not speak Japanese, you have to read a lot and there are many cultural references that require some attention. In addition, film monologues are quite widespread and difficult to follow. The film still lacks English subtitles, and although my French was largely sufficient to get what it was all about, I'm sure I'm missing a lot of finer points in the film. Tachiguishi is not an easy movie to get into, but about half gets into full steam and does not leave from there. I still hope to see it again with the English or Dutch subsystems. D dub would really be the best for such a movie (much like a container), although I think a quality anime oak is a little too much to demand. With all the above, I can only congratulate Oshii for another amazing movie. It's rare to find a movie that combines and mixes so many styles and influences to make something so unique and still working. The movie is smart, looks and sounds great and full of creativity. It's incredibly fun, even if you can not capture all the details at first viewing. But do not forget to at least get it with decent mats because the automatic translation that is in full swing in England is totally worthless and the movie has no justice. <br /> <br /> Tachiguishi caters for a very specific audience and no wonder the French have been released, while the rest of Europe (and the rest of the Western world) still awaits the sign of this film. But for those who like Oshi, they will appreciate the dry and ruddy humor and longing for the creative spirit, it's a movie that can not be missed, although it might miss it. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
