This is Columbo, which was directed by Steven Spielberg at the earliest point of his career. It's nothing sensational, but in this movie there may be a little tinge of great things that can come to the Spielbergs. The film is basically in the same style as most of Spierlberg's 70's film and television productions. So it means some characters tend to show some peculiarities and not just talk about the Columbo character alone. The second characteristic fragility we may best see in the 1975 "Jaws" Spielberg. But, in addition to some small hints of typical early Spielberg elements, you can not name this movie - and a good example of a rising star. Not that it's bad, of course it is not, but as I said, it's not even sensational. This movie started really good and very promising, but after its good opening, in which the assassination always happened, the film became a little bit slower and more boring than watching. Bored, because it's mostly a Columbo movie in a book that does not have true moments in it, not boring, because it's a boring movie to watch. The murder itself was pretty brilliant and the concept that the crime writer who murdered his partner for writing showed some great and interesting potential. The story, however, did not really realize all its possibilities. At least that's the feeling that left me this movie. The film was still good, but he still looked at the character character Jack Cassidy, who thinks he is smarter than Columbo, because of his secret / crime writing experience and trying to give him all possible hints away from each other. But, of course, Columbo knows better, and he's his number one suspect from the first moment, but as usual he plays the game together. The film has a good overall style and uses fine camera positioning and editing. Funny to see that most of it was mostly in line with later work by Spielberg, especially with some cameras. An amazing and perfectly traceable film, Columbo, but do not get Spielberg's name to make your expectations too high. <br /> <br /> 7/10
