This was the first television episode of the Columbo series (although it was filmed for "Death Lends and Hand") and performed one of the most successful television series in history. Jack Cassidy (who played the assassin in the series three times), as well as here, Ken Franklin, one half of a mysterious writing team carving complicated plot to kill their partner Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decides to end his professional relationship so Franklin exposed as a rather good publicist rather than a prolific writer. The original assassination is fantastic, and Cassidy's performance makes it easy to assure he's the best Columbo killer in the series. Peter Falk is greatly underestimated in his role of Columbo and the character of his own peculiarities and peculiarities that are emphasized by seeming slowness and absent-mindedness, especially the contrast with Cassidy is His Extreme Kindness: one of their early scenes together, where Ken Franklin prepares the motif for killing through Jim Ferris's existent excursion on the identification of hits working in the underworld, shows this very well. Franklin suggests Columbo's potential motive, and Columbo (deliberately or unknowingly) can not block and force Franklin to express his disappointment and compare him unfavorably with the detective in the book, Mrs. Melvill. Also noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of 24-year-old Steven Spielberg. Despite some elementary camera bursts that shadow actors and actresses, it adds some stylish and sophisticated touches that support the general episode's professionalism. One particularly sharp face is Jim Feriss's dead body lying on the sofa, almost in the dark foreground when Ken Franklin raises his glass to him in the background after completing a phone call to an upset Ferris woman. I have no doubt that working on a restrictive schedule of 10-14 days, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. Unfortunately, the second blackmail murder event that the woman portrays of Franklin's boyfriend (and ironically referred to as "careless" by Columba in his climatic summary) eliminates a couple from the whole thing. The tip of the fence is threatened, and the time spent on the screen between Falk and Cassidy is unjustifiably diminishing at this point to help Stephen Bocho from a narrow corner because he can not solve the story without another murder. <br /> <br /> The culmination is the most disappointed aspect of this episode. The initial frustration and exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is strongly and effectively performed, but only advertises the fact that more episode should have happened. The main worsening is sealing (if it can be termed a clue): Cassidy's elderly figure and arrogance are surprisingly excluded by a thing that really barely indicates his guilt; and once he mentions it, he surrenders in a somewhat invisible and atypical way. All in all, a bold series opens and inevitably advertises and predicts everything that is good about Columbo, and on the contrary, the problems associated with such ingenuity, ie the maintenance of high standards, and especially the creation of a credible and suitably intelligent end.
