To be Beatlemaniak I was, I approached Two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. When I saw "In Life: The John Lennon Story," I was quite concerned that Two of us would not show better. Does Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with some make-up and the right hairstyle? it did not help me a bit. <br /> <br /> But I was more than pleasantly surprised. This is probably due to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who led the Let It Be in 1970 and, as a result, probably knew well John and Paul that the characters and the dialogue were as convincing as they were. (Writing songs for two of us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, about whom I know absolutely nothing, I feel certain that Lindsay-Hogg had something to do with the script.) Two of us are not the Beatles biography; in fact, has a very small schedule and is held in one day in New York. What he does is to introduce a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is completely fictitious, of course? although it can not really be denied that such a meeting really took place. But through this imaginative conversion gives us a look at the personalities of these two great musicians? their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to the star and, above all, their relationship; what makes them such a great team and what divides them. Because it's a discussion, nothing more than an hour-and-a-half dialogue between two characters, it's likely that Beatles will have everything except the truth; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and telling stories, both informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two musical giants, you get very quickly over the shock of how different actors look from their counterparts and feel like John and Paul have come to life? so intimate and convincing is the script, and so actors are determined. Two of us will give you an invaluable view of the life of two geniuses and a story that is sad and fun. Definitely recommended.
