Gorgeous Georgian film Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not Grieve is freely based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel takes place in the countryside of the 18th century. The great French Revolution is still ahead of us, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, a local doctor, is the soul of a local society, an educated, friendly and democratic man who often treats the poor free of charge. This makes it very popular with local residents, but it certainly does not help with its bank account. He is in love with the beautiful Manette, who is also crazy about him, but is closely watched by his father who called his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the moment of signing the marriage contract ... I never read the book and from the description it sounds like a glamorous French novel, but I fascinate the results of character movements and some plot elements from the 18th century to the early 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I think it was Danelia, who came up with all the colorful, unforgettable characters he feels at home in his native Georgia - Grusia, a land of long and amazing traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, a rare musical talent that all seems to be the Georgians have a very unique humor and high honor code. When I watched my movie with my husband last night, he said what a great example of art film I agree with. Do not Grieve is a perfect artistic film, visually beautiful, deep but fun, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never preaching arrogant but optimistic, celebrating life with its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding of its slightly eccentric but very human figures. What is most important, the film is warm and gentle, it does not look at its viewers, as some of the art pictures do. You do not have to be a movie fan who loves him, lived with him, smiled and sighed to him, watching a good young doctor, Benjamin (the first role in Danelie's famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidz with whom Danelia would continue filming two other films one of my favorite favorite movies, Mimino) on the road to the Georgian roads and mountains. Or be a guest at a cheap party where friends gather to celebrate the life of old Doctor Levan, who wanted to be a guest with his own eyes, hear what his friends say when he dies when he is still alive and who can choose, which color prefers its coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a movie that Federico Fellini might have liked. I was not surprised to find an article about Danelia where he named Fellini's director number one. I also found that, according to Danelie, the famous directors Leonid Gaiday (creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszanov (a visionary I did not have to fancy loved another Danely film, a fairy tale about American boy Huck Finn, Soves propashchiy) felt and talked negatively about Do not get Fellini praised her very much. I dare to go a little further, and I guess maybe Maestro Fellini remembered some paintings and the aura and the atmosphere of "Do not Grieve" when he was making Amrarcord in 1973. It's just an idea because it's important to link the two films. Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they loved deeply, to the people who remembered, loved, and wanted to honor. Both films have many smiles due to tears. Both are artistic films that reach the hearts of the audience. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I will add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He did some great pictures in my favorite Drama genre, even tragicomedy, which are fun and bitter sweet, tangible and gentle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and shining. When I looked at the list of films he wrote / filmed, I was surprised that he did not make the only bad film since he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a young boy Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites because I'm sure they are among his legions of fans. The Man for "Seryozhou, Soves propashchiy (1972), which is an adaptation by Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu after Moscow (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969), Afonya (1975) , Osenniy marafon (1979) aka autumn marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very suitable title for this film, as well as for the whole genre Danelia has practically invented, Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is great and deserves our true love a real gratitude for an unforgettable moment of film happiness.
