WWE needed a savior because Wrestlemania 14 rolled around. Departure of Brett Map and subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation left Vile D-Generation X stable in the WWE. Their despicable leader, Shawn Michaels, alienated the title from Map thanks to Vince McMahon's intervention, and with the help of his cohort Triple H and Chyna, they systematically eliminated everyone who attacked his superiority. But there was a new candidate at Royal Rumble. Stone Cold Steve Austin. Hated by McMahonage, Austin DX feared. In fact, they feared they chose Mike Tyson's "Worst Man on the Planet" as a Special Enforcement Authority. Austin would have a strong chance against him in the title match with Shawn Michaels. But first appeared the underworld that had passed that set off with the Legion of Doom and won a forgotten team of 15 Royal fights to become NO.1 contestants for brand titles. In fact, I forgot that this match existed until I had advanced PPV. Not very good and really highlighted the lack of depth in the label division in this time period. <br /> <br /> The next game saw the Light Heavyweight title defended by Takou Michonok against Aguila. The WWE established a lightweight heavyweight title, competing with a strong Cruiserweight division in the WCW. That was not a success, and that was the only time the title was ever defended at Wrestlemania. A short coincidence that takes about five minutes and is actually too short to reach. What was little was exciting, and it was a pretty little match that saw Taka retain her title. OK, our next match was seen by a member of the DX Triple H who defended the European WWE title, which won a fake fashion from Shawn Michaels on RAW in December, and did not run on PPV against Owen Hart, the only Survivor. Triple H got a big entrance with the DX band there to make his song. Chyna accompanied the triple H to the table seat, but was then chained to WWE Commissar Sgt Slaughter. Triple H and Owen have a nice little match before Chyna hit and caused a low blow to Hart, which led to the title Triple H. Good agreement could be great if it was a bit longer. But, of course, we would not want to take time from our next match, which saw the real life of husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable defeat Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first Wrestlemania match for 8 years. And honesty was not to wait. Even though it was not terrible, the game was not even right. This was the approaching end of Mero's only run in the WWE and the main purpose was to continue the breakdown of his relationship with Sable. Next we saw Ken Shamrock flip out and stand alone the Intercontinental Championship as he destroyed the IC Champion Rock, but then refused to let his fellow maneuver holding hold, which referee reversed his decision. It was a short match, but decent what it was. Next saw the first good match at night when the WWE Tag Team New Age Outlaws champions lost their titles on Cactus Jack and Chainsaw Charlie in a fun dumpster match. The decision was canceled at night when the Cactus and the Motor Saw drive Outlaws into a folding backstage, rather than the one used in the game, but that was still fun. <br /> <br /> for the very anticipated first encounter between Kane and his brother Undertaker. Kane stood at the WWE Championship Undertaker at Royal Rumble and then killed him when he helped Shawn Michaels block Undertaker in a coffin and lit him as a revenge when Undertaker burned his parents' house and left him terribly nasty years ago. It was a decent game and he was telling a nice story because Underataker had absorbed everything Kane could throw at him and then knocked him out with three tombstones to finish the game. This left only the main event that the WWE Champion faced Steve Austin and Mike Tyson as the guest enforcer. Michaels suffered a debilitating back injury in his match with Undertaker at Royal Rumble and was remarkable in this match despite physical limitations. Triple H and Chyna were expelled on their backs at an early stage when they stepped outside. The match ended with Austin attempting to hit Sweet Chin Music and hit Stone Cold Stunner with ref. TYson then came to the ring to count three, celebrating a victory with Austin, and then knocking out Michaels after the match. It turned out that Tyson and Austin are together and the cat played with the mouse all the time. This was the last PPV match for Shawne Michael for four and a half years. This helped establish Austin as the biggest star in the business match and the mainstream that gained Tyson's appearance turned out to be a major turning point in WWE Battle with WCW. Austin would become the biggest star in WWE history and, together with Rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker and Triple H, lead the WWE at a time when they gained the highest cultural significance. And it all started here at Wrestlemania 14.
