This movie works because it is so authentic. The story is simple and realistic, perfectly capturing the joy and anxiety of adolescent love and sexuality that most / all have experienced during our teen years. The actors are just as natural as the films in the documentary, but they are as compelling and charismatic as experienced artists. Dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately it is not filled with top pop cultures. Also, cinema is immediately harsh and beautiful, bringing a pretty realistic view of the Lower East Side. <br /> <br /> At the artistic level, I love this movie because it reminds me of great Italian neo movies like The Bicycle Thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel like "real," because it does ... or as a thief of Bicycle Thief. And the only other movie I've seen is that she treats adolescent sexuality with the same degree of seriousness is Elia Kazan's Splendor in the Grass. Writer / director Peter Sollett deserves great praise. This movie is quite a success. <br /> <br /> On a personal level, I'm glad to see a movie that treats members of ethnic America with love and respect. Like an Italian-American person, I hate the way my people (such as racist, feminine, criminal geniuses in irritatingly popular epics) appear in my cinema, and my worsening on this count makes me sharply sensitive to other groups and their terrible silver screen representation. Hispanics and Asians in particular seem to be cursed to play villains in western and action films. (The good thing is that Gong Li did not try to become famous in America!) Of course, thanks to much of the rise of India's paintings and the influence of Miramax, we still see some pictures of ethnic figures here and there ... but Raising Victor Vargas is easy of the best. While I really like My Big Fat Greek Wedding, it's a refreshing change that Raising Victor Vargas is playing straight (with less exaggerated and broadly drawn characters) while still very entertaining in itself. Finally! Latino characters worthy notes. I feel like it's a movie you remember. Of course, now that he has done this amazing picture of the Dominican Republic family, I hope Peter Sollett will get a movie about Italian soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
