It's a movie that has escaped me, but now that I've watched it, it appears to be one of the main noir-style contributions. As with DivX, tracking was far from perfect? confused by occasional video and (mostly) audio faults? but since the movie is still inaccessible to R1 DVD, it will have to do right now. Since the reputation of the film is quite high within the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this surveillance is that it has no known actor at all. movie is a nominal star? Franchot Tone ?? (especially as he turned out to be a villain from the first)! The tone was underestimated by the actor? he was rarely given massive roles, and it may be his best (making his paranoia as fascinating and credibly dangerous). Female leadership? Ella Raines, who later appeared in the movie BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as Siodmak's SUCCESS (1944) and STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945)? she is quite nice and she can get the role of a disturbed secretary to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the brutal murder of her wife. Other key supporting parts are Thomas Gomez's essay as the originally bullying but ultimately sympathetic police investigator and Elisha Cook Jr.? genre is a typical parachute? as the desperate "ladies man" of perkusionist. Just like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was at this point in his career, and this movie definitely benefits from his wonderful direction? ? all inclined angles and amazing scenes, including a fairly celebrated jazz sequence, in which Cook manically defeats his drums in the sexual madness brought by the predatoryly dressed Raines (who alerts him to get attention and eventually inducing him to admit he was holding evidence in the investigation , which could bring her resigned lover out of prison). Another great, lengthy sequence is the one in which Raines watches the barman (another non-cooperating witness) around the streets of New York City? which leads to being mowed by car! <br /> <br /> Also, is the test procedure remarkable? which is fully depicted by the reaction of the audience so that judges, judges, witnesses and D.A. are never seen (although the voice of a judge is recognizable as veteran actor Samuel S. Hinds). The main point of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal, with the inspector leaving him a mental psychic foolishness that gives the originally stubborn Tone "dizzying spells." The thrilling summit finds Raines himself and Tone in his apartment, where she finds evidence of his guilt? and admits he had a relationship with Baxter's wife, but he killed her if she did not leave for her husband. By the way, I came across a little goof in the movie: while the story is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during a taxi taxi ride towards the beginning of the movie? in which Alan Curtis accompanies the title lady in the theater? the resulting New York film (which contains clear serial footage) contains a marquise supporting the Laurel and Hardy comedy music in 1938, SWISS MISS! By the way, the famous mysterious writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which the pseudonym was based.
