Alan Curtis has a loud, violent argument with his wife, driven out of her apartment, has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat at the bar (led by Andrew Tombes, in a pretty colorful section for change), and returns to find her the woman dead and the police that Thomas Gomez was waiting for him. His efforts to prove his alibi - that he was with the mysterious lady - fall because everyone he thinks (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that such a person has never been. He ends without an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines thinks of him. After conviction, he is sentenced to death. Raines begins to come true when he finds out that Gomez has his own doubts. She also finds allies in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who apparently dropped out of town at night crime. Will Curtis clean up in time? FANTOM LADY is based on the novel by William Irish (great author Noir Cornell Woolrich). As fans of the film know from other works by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHT IS GOOGLE VOICE, REAR WINDOW, NONE CLUB), we can not assume what's true on the surface. Missing vendor's wife does not need to be really culminated, and sends him messages that she has come if she still has her jewelry. Can a mentalist really be able to predict the tragedy - or was he plotting to murder his old partner, now millionaires? Was a leopard killed by a young woman, or is a rich enslaved in the city, hiding some vindication? Is she a young woman who claims to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, in fact an impostor? Here's Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one admits - and if he saw her, why is no one else able to remember seeing her? The problem with the story really is Curtis's personality - he is too easy to find himself guilty of a crime he has committed. In fact, someone who is innocent would scream for the moment he was executed. However, in defending Curtis's collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO THE CITY, is so disgusted that he has come to him as a vile and crazy Douglas Dumbrille and his guides that he does not first protest until the people who depend on his help scream in the courtroom and wake up again for responsibility. But Curtis is probably giving up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else would not have bothered if Curtis did not. The film, however, survives this weakness. Slowly revealing the lies of witnesses signed by a real killer allows two sets for Raines with Tombes on a deserted raised platform and Elisha Cook for a jazz meeting. Gomez appears to be much more receptive than the villain expects to re-check his alibi. And the villain managed to keep up slightly before Raines and Gomez until the final minute of the film. If there is not such a movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE or THE MALTESE FALCON, it keeps pretty well until Curtis and Raines come together again.
