This noir may not be the best-reminiscent movie of the time, but it represents a great mysterious plot, a common atmosphere of noir and some good performances from its lesser known members. Robert Siodmak, a talented director behind the mysterious / horror classic "Spiral Staircase," shot this film two years earlier than the above-mentioned film and shows true taste to create a dark atmosphere and create a plot, fascinating the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; man married to a woman he does not like. The evening takes one lady in the big hat at the bar in the evening and both agree on night entertainment. However, he then returns home to find his apartment infested with cops and soon finds out that the reason they are there is because his wife was strangled by one of his neck bonds! She is horrified when she finds out that she can not see the mysterious woman with anyone she's seen, and naturally the jury sends her for the murder of her wife. However, fortunately, his beautiful female employee gets a case ... The plot moves along pretty nicely, and unlike many known noirs, this is a series of murders that make driving more interesting. In fact, if it was not for the fact that it was made in the 1940s and shot in black and white, I'd swear that Phantom Lady is Italian Giallo! Central characters are so interesting that Alan Curtis provides a good idea of ​​the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as a female improvised detective. The true character of the film is Franchot Tone, which provides unforgettable performance as a mad villain. The film also plays a role in supporting an extraordinaire actor Elisha Cook Jr, which features playing drums in the movie's most memorable segment. If I wanted to criticize this movie, I would say that the killer's identity will be revealed too soon - though Phantom Lady deserves some credit on this front for the original way. The conclusion is satisfactory and all makes sense (which is amazing given the unlikely plot), and Phantom Lady is one of the biggest and most subconscious noir ever!
