Man, this is a hard DVD. I could only find it in Region 2, which is Spanish import and it was expensive. Has it happened? Okay, yes. Not so much because it's a masterpiece of the film, though under the direction of Curt Siodmak (credits on IMDb.com to read "Robert", but the Curt's DVD list of credits) or because he has a few famous personalities from other murder mysteries - Elisha Cook, Jr. and Thomas Gomez - but because my decade long curiosity about the film was finally satisfied. Basically, he became a respected, but independent engineer (Alan Curtis), who relies on his estranged wife and finds himself in a New York bar with two tickets in his pocket. A woman with a strange hat is on a stool next to his and he kindly asks her to join him in a musical review. Accept, a little nasty. Mopey bartender gives them both eyes as they leave. During the show, the star star records that this lady in the audience wears the same hat and bursts in the backstage with anger. The drummer in the band, Cook, tries on the quiet lads but does not answer. Curtis takes the woman to her home and asks her name, but she does not, and she does not want to know him. If she was devoted to Longfellow, she would say something about the ships that are going through the night. Well, Curtis will come home and find out that his wife was murdered in his absence. The chief police officer, Gomez, will bring him to DA. His only alibi is that he was with a phantom lady whom nobody else seems to remember - not a bartender, not a Latin star, not a cab driver ("Al Alp"), not a drummer - and disappearing from the same lady it is possible to dig it. Curtis is convicted and sentenced to death. But Inspector Gomez was thinking about things and decided she was probably innocent, because no one with a brain would create such a stupid story. She joins Curtis's loving secretary, Elle Raines, when she repeatedly investigates the case informally. Returns to witnesses again. An ominous bartender is to ride a car, maybe by accident, so he's out of the picture. Latin is warm because the show has been closed and she is a non-cooperating and ignorant source of hat. Elisha Cook, Jr., is strangled by a real killer, but not before appearing on a scene in which drums play in an improvised jazz band. His sweaty face assumes an expression that does not indicate an intense focus, but rather a monstrous, orgasmic madness. His eyeball rolls to the ceiling, his mouth melts and his buzzing rages. I heard it loudly. <br /> <br /> Nobody is otherwise superior, but they are all professional enough. Thomas Gomez is always reliable. The best performance is probably Franchot Tone. He's a real killer and he's screaming his alibi. It is reserved and artistic. Even if it disappears, it's nice. I do not know how to deal with it exactly, but Tone seems to think just as he does. Alan Curtis as an innocent engineer is in the Kelvin scale near zero and belongs to B picture. <br /> <br /> I do not know why this is considered classical. It's really your basic murder mystery Cornell Woolrich, not as good as some of his others. But the direction of Siodmak is sensitive. The man gets into the run, and his hat rolls into a water trough with water around him. Its use of shadows is silently effective. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I got it.
