I rated this movie 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for scenario, direction and 1944 production values ​​and 6/10 for acting. My companion rating was calculated at 4/10 for all screen characters except for the heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman, which was excellent in the eighties. I also confess to Thomas Gomez, Inspector Burgess, whose character convinces himself that he personally does not think the guilty verdict on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was precisely because of his naive alibi. These two form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. I filmed the film "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original "Ingles" soundtrack as an alternative language, because I could not find the English version in spite of searching. But I was glad to see another show from Ella Raines after being impressed by her performance as a hero in "Impact," playing a single female garage owner. another heroic role believes in the chief engineer's innocence and rejects a few suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (her name for the chef for her) before solving the missing alibi. The fact that he is secretly in love with his boss is a bit hard to believe because he formally seemed to have a formal business relationship with her. He has designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I suppose a "man's man" appeared in Carol's brain. In the 1940s, the "movie code" was in operation, the producers could only portray sex through a metaphor, and here it happens in the form of a furious drumming that plays Elisha Cooke's jnr.Carol as a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to attract a drummer who gave her information about alibi "The Phantom Lady". Another major character, Jack Marlow (co-worker Scott Henderson), plays Franchot Tone, whose performance I considered to be too theater, and I wonder why Carol did not see him constantly and strang admired his hands. Here the scenario should have been improved and provided more tension as these theater moves telegrap the conspiracy too soon for the audience.
