I can safely confess (like an IMDb geek) that "Phantom Lady" will never snap into my movie noir top twenty. It does not even have to reach the top fifty. But rather than discrediting the film for not being as good as so many other classics of the noir film genre, it should be noted that "Phantom Lady" has plenty of strong and permanent images in it to make it useful to view. All that is required by the viewer is the ability to get behind a terribly slow start. The film is not getting ready for cooking until "Kansas" (Ella Raines) happens to try to prove everything but the innocence of her boss, Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis), who was convicted of murder. "Kansas" is Anderson's secretary day and amateur detective at night. As a new wife, she will take good care of herself when she works in the streets of New York at night. He will gradually begin to put pieces of mysterious mysterious murder together. To be honest, the film belongs to Raines, and it's just because of her presence that the movie works at all. Somehow he can breathe life into a film about a convicted person who is not even the smallest. I'm not sure if this shattered dynamics of a helpless leader becomes a mistaken actress or a director, but it's clearly a place where the movie is going badly wrong. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, as a novice detective, things really speed up to other hidden equipment when "Kansas" pays a late night visit to a wandering drummer (Elisha Cook, Jr.) and looks for information to help her blame the boss. She and the drummer painted the city a new kind of red while visiting the jazz clubs "all night". I try to describe this scene either to prove the unfairness of the scene or even worse, it could all destroy the scene. You will know the scene once the last clink of the clinker sounds. If you are lucky enough to have this movie on DVD, you will probably re-turn this scene again and again. Like Raines, this is the scene that makes this film remarkable. It is mainly because of this scene, which I consider to be "Phantom Lady" for 7th place in the 6. <br /> <br /> Mostly this movie comes out like a fluttering and insignificant with some great scenes and one spectacular scene. It's a "drum / sex scene" that separates this movie from all the rest of the same movie. And just as in the movie, it says "you never fall with vanilla", I also like to add that "going with vanilla" is a safe choice of fading when one can not decide to have a more delicious treat. <br /> <br /> 7/10. Clark Richards
