Scott Henderson, an engineer who employs Charlie Richman as his assistant, makes sense to call her "Kansas" whenever she talks with her. It shows us that Carol, played effectively by Ella Raines, is supposed to be a child in the woods as far as Manhattan in the 1940s. Only a woman from outside town would be followed by a shadow bartender on a separate high-rise subway. Even then, only a naive girl could experience such an adventure. Robert Siodmak drove this film noir very well. It shows the taste for the fact that the story is intertwined with a great deal of raw sex that was surprising for those days. How else could we justify the way a drummer in a musical orchestra, where Scott takes a mysterious woman with an unusual hat, does such an open pass to a lady on a date? The drummer, who played with high tension from Elisha Cook Jr., does not hide his desires for any lady who was sitting in the front line of the hit musical where he plays. It was a real expressive challenge, first of all the "fantasy woman" of the story of Fay Helm; then, drummer Cliff, is very open to Elle Raines, who goes into a theater disguised as a secret that her boss had originally taken. This is a movie that will attract every viewer from the beginning. There are things that are not explained in her, but she remains interested in her whole interest. The killer is not revealed until the end. <br /> <br /> Ella Raines, with her distinctive eyes, was an undervalued actress. She holds her own against much more experienced actors. Franchot Tone, a theatrical actor in New York, working in Hollywood, has never found the glory he deserves in this medium. He is effective as the best friend of the accused. On the other hand, Alan Curtis encounters a person who, when framed, accepts his destiny and is rescued only by the desire of the woman who secretly loved him. Thomas Gomez, as Inspector Burgess, is an asset to film as a detective who has doubts that the police captured the man who committed the crime. This movie will not be disappointed.
