The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel fantastic: Enter Agent 007. "FRWL" is closer to this goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Pouto. No attack on Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and borrowed his voice and the form of "EON," but Sean Connery was an original James Bond, and there will never be anyone close to the level of well-being. <br /> <br /> I have to say that, like many others who have evaluated this game, 70 year old Sean's voice does not appear on the screen of his 30-year-old picture, and it gets used to it, but it is definitely worth it. He makes lines like "Bond? James Bond" and "Shaken, Not Mixed" into a big deal again. But the control of Sierra Sean, when he takes on a bad organization known as OCTOPUS, is, as Bond called in "Octopussy", "only the tip of the cobbler." The amazing game begins with opening mainly. It's the original barrel of weapons from the movies. Then you get on the first mission, save the blonde girl of the Prime Minister from the terrorists in Parliament, and everything from cars to clothes is totally retro. The world of the game is really the world of original James Bond, up to the classic rock-n-roll James Bond theme, which eventually plays late in the key moment, while Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the game begins, this story faithfully follows the story of the movie "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to order a device A lecturer from a Russian ciphering official who claims to have seizures. In Turkey, Bond joins with the godly helper Kerim Bey. Bond must retrieve the equipment, protect the girls in need and return safely back to London. Bond Scenario Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and he did a good job to make the game the same but different from the movie. The characters from the film are all created well, but some are better than others. Imitators who express the villains Rosa Klebbova and Red Grant are incredible. And there's still a moment in the game where you meet Miss Moneypenny, M and Q, who all look and act just like Sean Connery's original films 007. In front of other Bond games, next to Sir Sean's voice and similarity, there are two remarkable features in the game. One of them is Bond's focus. While you can send villains simply by blocking them with one button and killing them with others, pressing the button again will bring you closer to the target and choose between the places Bond would shoot, such as a grenade attached to the belt that sends the enemy and a few of his buddies or a rappel line that causes the hanged enemy to drop into his death. Another notable feature is killing stealth and mêlée. When you're away, just press the button to defeat the enemy with the brutal brutality that only James Sean Connery James Bond discovered. Bond Sean Connery relied heavily on his raw joke and talent, so you have only a few gadgets but that's good. The Q-helicopter is a remote-controlled helicopter that can spontaneously destroy and explore areas where Bond can not get, such as Q-spider in "EON", just better. Classic laser watches are useful not only for entering closed rooms but also for dispatching enemies if you do not have another weapon available. Sonic Cufflinks and Serum Guns are the most fun to play with, but you have to experience them for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can go to Bond's dresses in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including a gray movie suit, a standard black tux, a retro stealth suit, and a classic white tux that looks exactly like they did when Sir Sean wore movies . While driving, Aston Martin DB5 is directly from "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a popping gadget like a movie. And if you do not fly the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly in the "Thunderball" jet pack. Then there's a multiplayer. Of course, it must be compared to the "GoldenEye" standard, and it fails. You can also play Bond villains rather than Bond himself or other heroes. But multiplayer is a fun and decent bonus since it is a unique single player campaign, making a game worth playing. The basic game has other drawbacks. Some of the most exciting moments of the movie, especially the gypsy shootout in the camp, the Bond battle with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and the confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's bladed shoes are not done in the game. And the game is a fast game, even the hardest of all. Overall, however, this game is the best experience with James Bond.
