I am not a follower of a particular film genre. I categorize films only as industrial or non-professional. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story is very weak. Still, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so imaginative and iconic, and that's what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so far from the ground. From his high school years he grew up with his injuries he had accumulated in his soul against his classmates who had fun with him. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the film, you come to this view of humanism: "No one is good or bad. In fact, someone known as evil can be secretly kind." Just because the story and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the magnificent superstar starletties of the late 1990's: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the best way of killing. The arrow cut out of the bow rolls to her stomach and stays stuck as she hides and searches for the blind date she has never encountered. Katherine Heigl is the first killer in the biology lab while trying to hide under the models of the human body lying on the operating tables. Denise Richards is third, but she has just found her Valentine's Day gift in the whirlpool. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and invisible way, then horrified as a serial killer. Marley Shelton is unhappy with the misconception that she will be killed in the most confidential way we never know because the movie ends when they kill her. Finally, Benita Ha is the happiest because she was not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaza. The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack from the blind labyrinth scene, the Celebration of the Day at Dorothy's House, and ultimately the killing of the themes. Everyone loved the soundtrack, as far as I know. Hard Rock never gets better in serial killer mystery.
