If before I saw the film, I became acquainted with the stage production of boys and dolls, maybe I would not be as happy as I am. Although in all fairs I would probably like film production better because of my general adoration both Brando (for his acting) and Sinatra (for his voice, although he is quite an actor also see Manchurian candidate or from there to Eternity.) Regarding some of other reviewers about songwriting, I have a Broadway soundtrack and although Isabel Bingley's voice surprises what is about Jean Simmons, it's no more pleasant. It seems to me that it has a rather depressing quality. The voice of Jean Simmons is much more realistic, though it is not, of course, that it is a huge concern in musicals. The only time I noticed especially weak vocalist Marlon Brando was when it was released "Luck Be A Lady" and only there because I was previously familiar with the version of Sinatra. I know Vivian Blaine's voice is much more enjoyable than in Broadway. And Sinatra's voice alone would be able to redeem all others if they really needed redemption. (Not) It's infinitely better than Sam Levene, especially in my favorite song "Sue Me". <br /> <br /> Also, the complaint that a lot of songs have been dropped from the movie for lesser quality songs is so different to me. "A Bushel and Peck" is barely the jewel and the song that replaced him, "Pet Me Poppa" and his accompanying performance is more of the Hot Box material. I personally do not care about "Marry the Man Today" and I guess it was not included in the movie. I'm glad I was never in love before, and although it was not sung in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when Nathan is in Adelaide's dressing room. In Love 'expresses the same mood equally well and probably to the extent that the two stars could better achieve. And the movie would not be the same without the song "Adelaide," which is not included on Broadway. movie soundtrack was for sale, I would recommend buying it instead of Broadway. <br /> <br /> Although I have not seen the original production, I can not imagine that acting will be better than what led the film actors. <br /> <br /> An important fact is that the story is just as charming as ever, and the actor and son gs did not do that anyway.
