I'm not trying to speculate on what Brando is trying to do. In his best case, he turns to such strange performances that point to so many things at once that he does not seem to do anything to play with unwavering instinct. Often it seems to attract attention to some advantageous aspect of its nature over everyone else, a concentration that, if followed, will show something of a herring's red, because it turns out to be more subtle, more fragile than it first appeared. This is the control of artistic art, not naturalism, how it could be associated with the method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz is so exquisitely aware of him, seems to him to be tailor-made, which begins strange and weird at the end, because what Brando did, he managed to make mercy perhaps everything but perfect mercy - again, special, coming from an actor with limited musical abilities, never before or after joining a musical comedy. Jean Simmons, who is also remarkably cast, is not as impressive, but certainly exceeds-adequate, truly gorgeous in Havana's sequence and never so pleasant. <br /> <br /> And yet ... perhaps because the actors are both focused on what they are doing, and the characters about what they mean each other, it does not seem to have been "raised chemistry" so urgently more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah are supplying each other well, but I can not see more. It's totally dazzling and entertaining in the movie (and most of all, from the craft it's just - dazzling), the flaw seems to be something tactfully and easily overlooked, but so much depends on true chemistry! And at least partial transformation of the characters through such chemistry would lend something that positively moves to the final scene. As it is, one of these films will surely please, but it really does not move, except for a way to rebut the truth of the connection. Note: Sister Sarah will take on mission uniform, Sky Masterson, in the same cute man about town, rather than wedding tux. And they turned back to those who had come out of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> I think it's so fun (it's incomprehensible) that the most important and serious scene is between Branda and Vivian Blaine, Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's Doll, Adelaide, the only scene where these two are all together , not least because there is no hint of flirting between them, though it happens in the Adelaide cloakroom while Adelaide is about to change. Though someone may think that there is no place, Sky is really the type that should "go" to Adelaide in such circumstances. She's even there to tell Adelaide that Nathan does not meet her. Adelaide and Sky are both true on their journeys to Nathan, even for him adoring, as evidenced by the tone in their exchange. Of course, Adelaide is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feelings for Nathan, as Sky accuses her of not being able to love men and wishes to be someone else. <br /> <br /> The boys and dolls are the next step in the battle of gender, around the themes of gambling and salvation. Given that both a compulsive and a rescue seeker are more or less unconsciously terrifying despair, dark secrets may be deliberately behind Brand and Simmons' lack of chemistry. After all, this deficiency can mean a surplus of narcissistic interest (reflecting Sinatra / Blaine's pairing, though much less involved with self-deception) that could explain to Brand and Simmons the strange, rather provocative interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister Sarah. I realize that Simmons usually depicts coldness and skepticism, but Brando, while playing to confront him, is not too warm and eager and is more than just keeping his distance - he is also assimilating and maintaining balance. His courage lies in the fact that he only plays against her - a trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever he needs - but in reality, there is no victory by seducing her as if defeating her in her own lawn. It can be smart because playing on desperation may be the only way to get to and through the missionary. But it will make Sky move from a simple attempt to win Sarah Brown's real bet slightly less than convincing. But why does she want her? What's in love with Sky? The only way to get to that is by actually accepting that his humanity is kicked and that he does not want to end with a mere fall to Sister Sarah, so as he has promised, he must deliver the sinners to her prayer meeting, heal with her " marker "as it does, as a way to get it back when it seems to have won just to lose it. But this still means self-confidence more than anything else. But it also permits Sarah Brown's own concern, for Sky reassures her missionaries to regain her mistress. Nor, at least, seems to be very different from their unification, except for the acceptance of the other. Still, it seems to be all but an extremely restless assertion: Admission is still quite crying from the achievement of happiness in the second, let alone transcendence, which each of them suggests "chemistry". And behind all of this, I think it's Mankiewicz totally conscious. For all those who could say to defend the boys and dolls that musicals can not be expected much depth, I just need to remind them Cabaret, The Three-Penny Opera, Carousel, The Star was born, even The Sound of Music, about which I do not like so much (and one can be added to this list without even getting ahead in the direction of the post-cabaret musicals), packing up wonderful music and dancing around anxiety.
