It would be easy to call men and dolls great. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, unlike Sinatra's original wishes, casting work) has a really great feeling from the 1950s, although it's basically transferred from the scene to the screen with just a little break. And most songs are often a lot of fun and catching, and she played with that wink and nodded to the amazing leak of her own form. If it's not as big as some of his other movies, it should not be a mistake for filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all the songs are completely clicked and a bit of dialogue seems to happen on the stage, unlike the movie (it's hard to say sometimes - Brando and Sinatra are so often that they have to be watched closely when they say when they play for the camera or "scene" while actress plays Adele is better for scene than screen). The conspiracy is one of the winners that works well for its time, although one depends on whether its influence reached 1999, it's all (well, not quite, but close). The gambler (and 14-year-old engaged) who plays Sinatra wants to play the game for a long time, but it is said that "heat is on", which means police officers are on watch. So he has only one choice to hunt the game with a thousand dollars. The only way to get it is to spend a great deal of time with the second gambler Brando, who embarked on the wild task of a missionary worker. It allows for predictable twists in the story, the sudden engagement of character spells, idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers, and "saitn" played by Jean Simmons, who falls for Brando). It is in its basic conception of this world of people and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - apparently without getting married or too threatened. Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy. Even if you still hold the camera on the subject and its stars are properly recessed in. Damn, Brando works great for the musical because it goes beyond the mere actor method and shows his chops for singing and big stars. The story and the characters eventually reject what you would hope to happen, and that's fine. Everything we ask for - and what we get - is fun in good humorous spirit, including dialogue and several songs and tones that bring the house down (my favorite was the number with cats in the club, Luck being Lady and two numbers in Havana, Cuba). AND-
