A group of young women from San Francisco who were known from elementary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sent them bizarre Valentine cards. Who is a murderer and why is a murderer after? <br /> <br /> My rating will often change in the following shows of the movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I do not remember another movie where my rating has changed drastically as it did for Valentine. The first time I watched her, during the theater release, I thought it was quite terrible - I gave him 4 out of 10, which is the equivalent of a letter "F". I looked at it the other night last night, and I can not remember what she did not like. I can only assume I may have been in a bad mood to look at it or maybe I just did not get it. In any case I loved it this time, I give it 9 out of 10, or "A". It could sound absurd when I said I did not get such a movie, but there is something to get there. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the 1998 Urban Legend, takes a stereotyped teen horror form that became so popular in the late 1990s following Scream (1996) and pushed most of the elements into a notch, making Valentine deliberately cheesy / campy almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). Besides, he gives us a movie that is filled with humorous commentary on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual in having the same exaggerated tone as dance horror. Most of the situations in the movie and modus operandi of villains, funny or not, are tied to Valentine's theme. Many viewers are likely to subtract points from the film for their different clichés, but unlikely scenarios and developments. However, in the light of the above, the film is deliberately cliché, unlikely and absurd. It is as if Blanks attempted (and mostly succeeded) to cross a typical juvenile slasher by mocking / doubting the conventions of this genre and satirizing the ero. It's an attraction to the irony of setting up horror for Valentine's Day. It's the incomprehension that is wisely woven throughout the movie, and that is in itself in the heart of the slasher genre, which is the main feed for lovers of Valentine. The scream had a similar purpose to his horror material, but the film was "self-confident". St. Valentine's Day is deliberately unconscious; the viewer must rely on the contextual traces of satire. To make some think that I'm too "reading" in the movie, it's worth noting that Blanks in the interviews said he "did not want to make just another movie slasher on Urban Legend," and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something else "for adults ". Other viewers may not like St. Valentine's Day to be different from his expected starting material, a novel by the same name by Tom Savage. The characters of the novel, setting and plot are very different from the movie. Sellers said, "Although it was a great book, I did not think it was the right story of the movie." So instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a trigger pad, a theme for making variations for the story of a hero / thriller centered on Valentine's Day. While these facts do not help the Purists who are familiar with the book, it is useful to understand why the film has a contradictory attitude and attitude. It is probably better to look at the film as a separate entity with a similar motif. <br /> <br /> The direction of the blank is visually perfect. Saint Valentine's Day has a fresh look, complex, deep colors, interesting sets and good productions. Blanks is admirable that he keeps his villain and attacks scenes that are not too dark, with a clear action. He also directs his actor with aplomb, catalysing often slyly funny performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> While Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it's a very good horror / thriller movie that seems to be very prone to misconceptions. If you are looking for something more in your speech, you might find yourself much more.
