This is Frank Loess's masterpiece of entertaining texts, competent themes and a solid construction that adapted to Damon Runon's material to musical books. What's surprising in the movie is how smooth music numbers flow from the story. Abe Burrows wrote a book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was a choreographer and great artistic director Joseph Wright. The story can be narrated in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, who plays Frank Sinatra, needs cash to finance his long-running floating game and entertain the great Julia, Chicago Mob's boss. He bets the bet of Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brand, that he can not get the girl of the Salvation Army into Havana with him; Masterson wins this bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets gamblers and riffraff in the game to attend the service, and tells everyone that the lady is impervious to his spells - a complete lie. Of course he'll end up with the lady; and Detroit married a long-suffering fiancée Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Ball as Big Julie Gobash, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Salvation Army Leader, Veda Ann Borg, and Jean Simmons as Hot Army of Salvation Sarah Brown. The well-known musical numbers in this award-winning Broadway show include "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady," "I Know," "Person Cold" and "Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter Three Wives" fame led the proceedings; and the flow of work is very interesting and successful. She is equally well dedicated to having a great dialogue and managing such huge numbers as "Luck Be Lady", a diverse and demanding section, the Havana section "The Woman in Love" created for the previous movie, the performance of the song "Boys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" at the club where Blaine is working. The game is very uneven. Simmons seems to be bad for part, sometimes Brando gets vocal and is very good most of the time for instinct, charm and underplaying, even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra is trying hard, but for this role he is evil for several reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is too theatrical in selling the numbers, which of course sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith, and Pulley are doing what is asked and at all points. Stylized opening and closing are well processed; Overall, this film is a triumph for the pleasant and subtle texts of Loesser, director Mankiewicz as the prince and the genre of the musicals themselves, which is so justifiably justified in this case. Excellent and very different.
