This musical instrument was not exactly what I expected, mainly because there were not many scenes between Branda and Sinatra. Since it was based on the Damon Runon story, I expected irony and surprises, one of which was really good - when we find out that the Sinatra Gang used the Salvation Army office for his play while Brando was in Havana and Simmons. If of course it comes at the right moment Brando brings her back. I really did not expect Brando to be a singer, but he surprised me. He was not great, but he was cool in the role. His big number in the channel, but with the other guys of Sinatra was the only place I felt Brando's voice was weak. He simply did not have the strength required by the magnificent summit. Overall, I found that the scenes between Brand and Simmons would be filled with electricity, something I did not think would happen when we first saw Simmons, and later on when we met Branda at the Sinatra restaurant, one on it . Only when Brando goes to his office comes to life. Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performance. And Vivian Blaine, which I have never heard of, but in my opinion played a role on Broadway, it seemed to slow down. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, her songs were the weakest for me, both in terms of story and character. Besides, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers seemed to show boots in shoes, only there for the shine. For example, when Frank meets Branda in the nightclub, we just split into a routine scene for a cat number - then it goes back to boys who go on as though there was no dance number at all. Whenever they were on screen Brando and Simmons, I had a great time, but every time we went back to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my interest disappeared. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good, especially the first number with Stubby Kay, the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). This is a great song that reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it is called. And the number in the channel - I could not help, but I remembered "Cool" from the West Side Story - which brings me to the point. In this film I really did not like art. The fake square of Times Square was so fake that she drew attention to herself. Just like Havana, and especially sewer. I realize that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on sets, but things changed - for example, Carousel used localization photographs. Even in the city, they shot the scenes in Mahatana in 1949. By the time we got to the West Side Story in 1961, it is because things happening in Manhattan must actually be shot in Manhattan. For comparison, the manes and dolls were tied to Manhattan to feel older and more adorable. And Lindy's change on Mindy - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? I always thought guys and dolls are musicians about Sinatra and Brand and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused than what is in his interest. In this respect, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but it was a bit of a measure. <br /> <br /> My only big complaint about boys and dolls and I do not know if it's endemic to the original scene but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando has never made any money for the bet he has done with Sinatra and even said he lost a bet, just run away to find him and finally we went to the wedding. It seems to me that the scene between Brando and Simmons would contribute to the influence of the story. Seeing Brando when she came around would be a great scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have a duet while he waits before he changes. He's upstairs in the house, he's on the sidewalk. She sings 76 thrombi. Somebody's sleeping good night. Suddenly they switch and sing the songs of the other - a beautiful way to pass the cross to each other. It's the emotional high moment of the movie. Still, boys and dolls had a lot to do with it.
