I'm interested in a strong sense of favor (or sympathy to!) Sinatra in more reviews here. I have read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for not being as Sky Masterson. OK, so who would not want to be occupied as Sky Masterson? ??? it's a big part: a charismatic successful player who makes a serious mistake when he lets himself get into a bet where he must take Sarah Brown's batch of salvation on a date in Cuba or lose. Is not that money? it's pride, but he and she will meet their fight. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle his long-time Adelaide fiancé to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if he does not alienate his fiancée forever. The film began life as a series of short stories by Damon Runon: this is his unique dialogue you hear, and that's his great character names, and that's his race / night club / late night gambling world. Then it became musical and you can not help, but feel that in the film has never left the podium. The camera is unusually static and sets remarkable? and not pleasant? flat and children. Fortunately, the music is so great that I do not care much about it. My absolute favorite thing about this film is the singing and acting of two non-singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting professional singers into these roles would mean better music; but what he will surely forget is that two such great actors have brought something else to the side: for what they lack in vocal talent, they have more than improved in taste, abilities and pathos, pathos, pathos. You and Sky are with Sarah arguing against reason, stability, piping and security. Sarah relaxes under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel totally sudden and passionate scenes in the yard, ringing the bells and an hour before you go home. As Sky says, it's "chemistry". For the singers? whether they're Broadway or ordinary singers? which you do not have to rely on. (And I certainly did not.) Somewhere I read that Brando criticized Sinatru for not joining Nathan Detroit. Sinatra was angry with Brand's four-stage acting method. As Brando fans (it turns out!) I'm bound to go on the other side, but I can not imagine that this movie would be a classic that is much adored today if Brando and Simmons were not with their wonderful chemistry; Brand's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed at the Cuban bar. Beautiful. I will always want a copy of this film if I have to feel good again. It will be forgiven if you make part of Nathan (sleep) that speaks 100% of the brush, but not? Will not you? Oh, be calm and have another Mindy cheesecake!
