Damon Runyon is the world of Times Square, in New York, before his Disneyification, is the basis for this musical. Joseph L. Mankiewicz, the man who knew about movies, directed this nostalgic thrust to the "crossroads of the world," which shows us that the lower part of New York from the past. Frank Loesser's music sounds great. We observe the beautiful cast of characters that were typical of the area. People at the edges of the company tended to gravitate this area due to the light, the action, the possibilities in this part of the city. This underworld of the city fed off the life of a strong life that was so intense. Some of the songs of the original work were not included in the film. We do not know if it makes sense, but it is not unusual for a Hollywood musical that would change and change what worked on the stage. The original cast included Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kay, and we are excited to decide that Robert Alda, Sam Levene and Isabel Bigley will not leave their original roles. These were significant actors who could make a wonderful contribution. The film is visually amazing. Appearance follows closely in the style of fashion. As far as the shooting of Marlon Brand, otherwise unknown by his singing skills, Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons seem to be in the movie. Sky Masterson is, after all, a male man who would otherwise look better if he presented another "look". Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons, like Sarah Brown, is doing a nice work portraying a woman from the Salvation Army, who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same kind of man she's trying to save. Vivian Blaine is happy. She is always amazed as Miss Adelaide, the golden-haired woman who is Nathan Detroit's love interest. Mrs. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as a show-girl who is wiser than she lets be. Stubby Kaye does a wonderful job outside the encouragement of his pretty Johnson. <br /> <br /> Awesome production owes much to the talented Abe Burrows, who adapted to the screen. Irene Sharaff's costumes set the right tone.
