I remember watching the Disney version and looking at me now that I had somehow lost a magical touch. Lots of other releases, still postponed, Cinderella, have in fact lost their touch over the years. Then I found this production with a flawless performance by Kathleen Turner as a bad stepmother and was blown away by the fantasmagoric nature of this fantastic story, which has come under my spell since childhood. We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father died and was ruled by her half-half half-step half-step half-step half-step daughter and longing to go for the ball for the last chance of freedom. But this story line likes another step by making Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola and is called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) is trapped in the situation of her father (who is still alive) is slowly losing to a dominant wife who manipulates him playing favorite with his wife and crocodiles against his own and trying to poison him. So Zizola came out to rescue her father by stopping her stepmother to find another supporter on the ball by turning away the men who had come to her. There, the bored prince Valiant has a heart change from his boring life and falls in love with a mysterious lady in a strange dress (forged from a water fairy named Mab) with petal petals for petals. <br /> <br /> What attracted me to this movie was above all that it was original to take on an old fairy tale that nobody can compare. Not a network of lies, like most of Cinderella's stories, forgets why Cinderella wanted to take part in the ball and did not even show the Prince's shallow position as a Disney version. Instead, it shows much more from the unselfish heart Cinderella more than any other production and artwork is simply amazing! Costumes are beautifully made, especially the Zizol sapphire blue ball ball, which corresponds to Marcello Plunkett's fantastic beauty and a soft, spirited voice. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in dream-like sequences of classic fairy tales with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a complete collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the film is now printed.
