Frankly, I considered this film to be too depressing for my own good. It is very depressing to the very end. There is no way to justify submitting judgment to any person who does things I did not like (well, except for the disgusting character played by Fredrick Forrest). Yet it is so frustrating to see people who act like the walls move around when only a few words can interrupt ice and promote healing. A terrible tragedy will hit the Montana family. They believe they have lost one son, but they have lost 2. The key is that if they simply communicate and face their sadness, they will not stop losing their second son permanently. <br /> </ p> <p> But they just can not. Something prevents this family from sharing their pain. Some family fall back into silence and resistance, while some others show their fingers of guilt (and then they go and cheat on their poor pregnant wife by neglecting the handsome girlfriend of the deceased ... that Andy's character is really a snake!) A single family member who does not threaten Arnold with any way is his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to a boy without courts or even boys. She seems to know what the child thinks, though Arnold does not say much about these days. It is indeed a blessing for a poor child who has one to turn to. It seems that no one else recognizes the fact that Arnold may be in shock or denial or that his sad way may not be the same style or the same speed as they would expect. It's so easy to judge and be angry and feel that someone is "made of stone" just because he has no sadness as we believe he should. The story is very quiet and naturalistic. You will not have a story about a spoon or any Hollywood emotional solution. I was very concerned about the fact that this child was so burdened with guilt that she felt it was necessary to stop a few hundred miles to apologize to Andy's piggy wife for something she should not blame. Arnold can accidentally kill his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of this marriage, which was probably just as miserable, except for two married people. It's just a stupid thing that Arnold did not get into a car with a pedophile or a murderer. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustrating effects because parents who can not find it in any way communicate with their son to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere else, except for a children's favorite called EXPLORERS, and the story of a spooky spirit called THE LADY IN WHITE, has done an incredible work like Arnold, a great performance from a child's actor. <br /> <br /> In addition to being somewhat slow, THE STONE BOY is an excellent and very depressing film.
