Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama from the eighties. Given how many famous or soon-to-be famous people in the movie are, they wonder how it could be so overlooked. This is a slow, moody but painful description of the tragedy that affects the family farm. The film is more or less accusing Central American stoic values ​​and suppressing emotions. The film will not be for all the tastes, but anyone who can appreciate the real human race would want it. <br /> <br /> In the early moments of the movie we see that the two brothers are leaving early in the morning to pick up some peas and maybe drop a duck or two if they are lucky. When the barbed wire fence rises, the pistol accidentally discharges, and the younger boy fatally shoots his older brother. These boys obviously never took the hunter's security course. The way the two men go through such a fence with one gun properly will be as follows: The first man will fly. The other man handed him a gun across the fence. The first man puts the gun down and helps the other through the fence. There should never be one man's hands on both the gun and the fence. Anyway, once his brother is killed, 12-year-old Arnold returns to his world. He does not even run after his brother's shot. He simply goes on and picks peas and later tells his family about the accident. At no time during the funeral or investigation, Arnold seems to be no regret or sorrow at all. His family seems to be avoiding him. Maybe she's even angry with him for killing her brother. The sober uncle played by Frederick Forrest is angry at Arnold, although the death of his older brother allows him to hit a child's girlfriend. Arnold's parents obviously do not understand how to deal with their son. He really does not even talk to him. The only person he can communicate with is his grandfather, who plays in a typical legacy by Wilfrom Brimley. After a while, Arnold even moves with the old timer. It seems that Arnold does not seem to be opening until a bizarre trip to Reno Nevada begins to look inexplicably to his uncle's ex-wife. As soon as she meets her, she starts to come out of her shell after apologizing to her for divorcing marriage by starting the whole family unrest with an accident. From this moment on, the film becomes a quick study of reconciliation and rebirth. In most cases, acting is distant. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are the perfect parents of a stoic farm. Forrest is good, but maybe he's too trying to try Paul Newman's performance in Hud music. Cinematography is exceptional. If you like moody pictures of ordinary people, it may be for you. Some may even be warned to bring some tissue. 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Hound.
