Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built high school who finds that he has a strong stroke and begins his amateur training at the Brooklyn gym. Santiago Douglas is a handsome young man who is barely older than she is training. They meet in class to talk and feel attracted to each other. No sex. Santiago was instructed to save him for the next match. Both are participants in the gender-blind athletic program, which does not distinguish between men and women, by a bad attempt to compensate for athletic conditions. <br /> <br /> Conservative radio commentator has recently announced - and I swear I'm not doing it - "Make sure the president is black." I'm here to notice the same observation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases out of 100, it may not make any difference in physical performance. But in the first percentage - trained athletes whose skills have been improved, men usually have an advantage. With narrow hips they can run faster. And they have bigger muscle mass and the strength of the upper body. These differences in body building allow women to give birth and raise children and for men to catch and kill food for them. This sexual bifurcation is the result of a perfectly normal natural selection process. Without it, it would be impossible to have any people at all. And that, boys and girls, is why men's events and women's events happen at the Olympics. I speak to you as your anthropologist. That would be ten cents, he prefers PayPal. <br /> <br /> That's why I introduced this gender-blind program badly. As a talented boxer like Rodrigues, when he approaches the game's zenith, he eventually loses to a man. There is a complication in this movie. Rodrigues is finally admitted to her friend, Douglas. On the other hand, he does not want to get any anger without mentioning collocher rights, but the pride of both is at stake and pride is both personal and gender. Douglas refuses to fight a woman in a ring. And Rodriguez is offended by what he sees as his patronizing attitude. I ended happily. <br /> <br /> I did not expect a movie. I thought it would be a break away from Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby" until I discovered that it was released earlier. And I never heard of the director or any of the artists. Such kind of leakage usually spreads badly made for television and so on. But I was surprised how neat it is. The total absence of the spa allowed me to open. Likewise, the minimal use of cliché in the box - frayed ropes, blood, cutting swollen eyes, battered post-bust faces, thick and sweaty viewer who shouted "Kill him!", Slow landing gloved nose, spitting sweat from the dorsal head, heroic music signaling the long awaited apotheosis of the winner. Nothing here - well, almost none. The entire site can be considered as formal. Heavy child finds outlet in a circle, etc. <br /> <br /> The feeling that you're left is that it's probably quite what these amateur contests are like. Different from what we see on TV and in regular movies. E.g. No ringing sounds. Instead, the dancing and attentive judge shouts "Stop!" A "Box!" The contestant wore the head. The gym is not inhabited by a crowd of enthusiastic spectators, but only a handful of people who have a special interest in continuing. It's a clean film, despite a somewhat dark setting and unhappy family dynamics. Michelle Rodriguez may look quite vicious with her muscular mass and eyes shining under her eyebrows, but as soon as you get used to the idea that this is a girl who can beat you pulp at any time and as soon as you hear the female outline of her supersegmentals, that's not bad. (The scene in which she fights with her father on the floor exaggerated.) It was a bit difficult to understand Douglas's barrier when Rodriguez crawled all over his bedside. Director Karyn Kusama has carefully chosen her talent. It shows what you can do with some talent, imagination and a small amount of money. It should be more movies. Take one of the millions of dollars that are full of dinosaurs or spacecrafts, and increase your generosity a little.
