The first step to leaving the road that leads nowhere is recognition that you are the first; then it becomes a question that you have been assertive and have taken positive steps to overcome the negative effects in your life that could have started on this path. That's exactly what a young Latino girl does in "Girlfight", written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old senior from the Brooklyn project, facing the expulsion after the fourth fight in the halls since the beginning of the semester. It affects the attitude of "any" that masks the deeply rooted anger that threatens to bring her to places that would rather not go. She lives with her father Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very experienced relationship and her younger brother Tiny (Ray Santiago). When her life breaks down on the brink of decay, she desperately needs a spill to send out the demons that are plaguing her. And one day she will find her without looking for her when she stops at the gym where she teaches Tiny. Ironically, Tiny has nothing to do with boxing; wants to go to art school, but Sandro believes his son should be able to take care of himself on the streets and pay ten dollars a week for his lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to take her and approach her father for the money, under the guise of telling him a weekly contribution (he does not want to know what he wants money for), Sandro turns her off and tells her, to go out and earn her own money. Eventually, Tiny's help finds a way, and the circle will soon become her second home. It's an environment that adapts easily, and it seems that her life is about to turn for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight against men, not women, in gender blind competitions, will not at all save her. Diana found her element. For the first time, the writer / director Karyn Kusam has done a wonderful job in creating a realistic environment for her story, presenting a sincere portrait of life in projects, and passing the desperation so familiar to so many young people who have found themselves in deadly situations and on this path that does not lead anywhere. And there is no sugar coating on it; as Hector tells Diana when he asks him how to happen where he is, "I was a fighter once. Then we look around for a busy gym. "Like most of the boys, they also lost. But it's all they know ... "And that's the honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are portrayed, making this film as good as it is. It's an awful world that is highlighted by a weakly lit, exhausted gym - you can feel the feeling of boxers - and the feeling of rage that hangs over him is like a pole, pressing those people who grab and hang on to one and the only thing they have, everything they know Michelle Rodriguez with his debut on the screen perfectly filmed like Diana and filled her with a deep intensity that radiates her in the waves It's so real that you're wondering how much of this is Rodriguez, exactly where the actor leaves and the character begins - Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful and unforgettable performance of acting, from which we are waiting for further efforts with great expectations. It certainly makes Diana a positive example in which many hope will inspire and realize that in life there are alternative ways, at least for those who are going to look for them, but this film ends with some obscure remark; although Diana apparently has his feet on the ground, there is no indication of where he is going. Is it a short-term appeal or is it intended to become a woman against Hector? After all, realistically (and in the light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), a professional box is not exactly a profession that does well, nor does it open its guns to women. And according to the film's subject and filmmaker's approach, it would be appropriate to confirm Diana's assertiveness. Support for the cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it brings a very realistic picture of life to which many can identify, there are certain aspects of the "Girlfight" that will spread the credibility of some of what is happening in the circle. And moreover, it's a positive film that is largely a satisfying experience. I rate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
