"The Rookie" by Walt Disney is based on the story of Jim Morris, a former little league pictor who made one of the most amazing returns in the history of sports, ended up almost ten years old and debuted at the Major League in 1999 at age 35. The film opens a short synopsis of Morris's childhood, which included a number of re-locations - his father was a military man. And even if his family settled for good in soccer crazy Texas, Morris's passion for baseball remained strong. The childhood segment jumps 23 years ahead of Morris (played by Dennis Quaid), who is now a baseball coach and chemistry teacher at Big Lake High School (Reagan County High School in Big Lake, Texas). It is mentioned that he tried to be a baseball player, but that does not work. Morris' team is struggling and lecturing to give up their dreams. They turned the table and told him he should try the Major League team. Several times, when they put them in practice, they express their astonishment at the speed they fit. Morris looks unconvincing, but agrees with an agreement with his players, in which, if he wins the district, he will try for the Major League team. The Great Lake wins the district and holds its end of the deal, Morris visits the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to try. Phenomenally throws 98 miles per hour - faster than throwing during his tiny league career and extraordinary speed for the Major League jug. After a second try with the team, Morris is offered a contract with Devil's Beams. It leaves him with a difficult decision - to stay in his comfortable life or to strive again for his dream of a major league by going through a small grind league to make little money and spend months at a time away from home. And the decision is even more painful than during his first minor league because he now has a wife and three children. Morris diablo beams begin at AA level and quickly move the AAA level, one level under the Major League Baseball. But as the season turns, the chances of "calling" will be less slim. <br /> <br /> I mostly like this movie. There are plenty of great performances and prominent characters, and it's easy to find that you're really trying for Morris. The film also makes a great job of showing professional baseball on both the main and secondary levels of the league. And it mainly teaches the timeless message that you hold your dreams firmly, even though it seems remote and almost impossible to achieve. The film still has some shortcomings. While generally accurate, it exaggerates and even produces a few things. Check out http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html. Also, in addition to one scene in which he prays with his players, the film completely ignores Morris' Christian faith. But given that Disney's zeal in the left wing is not surprising. It is supposed that much exaggeration / making was made to make the story more dramatic. Still, the 20-minute documentary about Morris, which is part of the DVD, contains some information that makes his story more dramatic, but they are excluded from the film. For example, since birth, when his family settled in Texas when he was 12 years old, Morris was re-positioned 14 times. And his initial small career ended in four operations, which made him lose half his muscles in his left shoulder, thus throwing him 98 mph even more inexplicable. In order to fully appreciate and understand the story of Jim Morris, it's good not only to watch "The Rookie," but to watch a DVD document, look at the above link to film inaccuracies and probably also read Morris biography, also titled "Rookie." I did not read a book, but I hope one of these days. But overall, "The Rookie" is a very good decoration of a miraculous story and is a powerful testimony of the power of dreams and the triumph of a common man. 8/10
