Show the scene: a hilly alien landscape. The double moon illuminates the blood of the red sky. Tardis landed and the doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian coat and Rose, his companion from Earth, came out. A flashing recognition crosses his face. "Well, I've never been, it's the Tear planet - 7. Where I fought the warring Kraggarts, they were trying to use huge Skinkons to take over the planet." The girl smells air. "We can not go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, and I think we're being watched." Doctor disappointed his fingers. "Do not be stupid, lass, I wonder if the King and Queen Cordaraby remind me of my last visit, come here, Rose, come here!" Continuing, the girl tries to keep up. High on the hill, sinister red eyes with hatred ... <br /> <br /> It was not how Rose started in 2005, and thank heaven for saying that I: I. I was mocking unjustly at the time of its original British broadcast, "Rose" can now be safely considered an episode that represents "Dr.Who" where it belonged as one of the BBC flagship programs. McGann T.V. were well trained. Instead of trying to dress up the new "Who" into the current chronology, it was a new beginning of the series, starting with girl named Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), who is devoted to her everyday life. One day he goes to the basement and finds a man named Wilson, and then he's in trouble. The mannequins come to life and attack it. Only the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Ecclestone) is saved. <br /> <br /> The story, light though it may be, is more than adequate as the starting point for the series. Autos are of course an old villain (that was their first appearance since 1971), but no references to their past performance - another wise move. The finale effectively restored the famous scene in "Spearhead From Space" as they watched the showcase dummies. As Doctor Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, he preferred a modern leather jacket to the traditional Doctor's outfit, but it made it accessible to the new viewer he expected. Billie Piper disappointed his critics by making a big impression like "Rose". Also good was Noel Clarke as her friend "Mickey". Yes, special emphasis was placed on special effects, but then it had to be - the squeaking sets and the unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on 21st century television. The important thing is how good a script it is. Ten million people signed up for a new physician. <br /> <br /> "The Doctor Was Back" - and back with the bang!
