As a necessary part of British pop culture like Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who has been a massive hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making him one of the longest TV shows in the world (most of the series are lucky to have ten seasons) . Plans to reboot the series have always been on the BBC program, and Fox's misspelled television (not to mention americanized) television film has failed to capture the spell of the original version for another nine years (Comic Relief spoof and animated mini series, whatever) before the final time the master may return correctly, courtesy of the acclaimed writer Russell T. Davis. Davies's brilliance in re-introducing character is his decision to make it through the eyes of outsiders: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a girl in London who has a very normal life up to one night when she is attacked by creatures made of vivid plastic. She is rescued by an unbelievable stranger, who simply portrays herself as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston), and then disappears after knocking: "I'm pretty much meeting you, Rose, go to life!" As he becomes more and more curious about this "man", he is soon in a completely new world: aliens, invasion, space and space travel, and, of course, the ubiquitous TARDIS in the shape of a Police Box. <br /> <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of a new doctor who are almost perfect (special effects could use a little more polishing) because Davies hits two things: unique show humor and two protagonists. The original series "The most cute feature was his blend of spectacular sci-fi and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is hard, if not impossible, to export." Here laughs are all related to the interviews between Rose and the Doctor who, after a single episode, okay, so technically, Eccleston is the ninth to use this name, but separates himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with the northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying him with a stunning line: "Lots of planets are north! "But the true triumph of this episode is Piper's performance: Theoretically, Rose is in her late teens, almost the same age as thousands of young spectators who have never heard of the doctor before, and her depiction of an ordinary girl lost in a new exciting universe is a new reaction the generation to return to the television icon and chemistry that immediately forms between her and Ecclestone is a sign of a new doctor who is just as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, fifth, ninth, that's not really important: it's different than Eccleston (and Piper), but together, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the bunch are one single character, one so cool he does not even need a name: he's a doctor.
