When the sun shines bright in the quiet Sunday that is just awake, love can feel in the soft breeze that passes around my legs and is visible in the smile of the people with whom I walk side by side. It's a perfect day to stop croissants and café-o-lait before heading out to the city of light and love. Of course, the flight to Paris is not adequately in the budget of this humble film critic, so I had to decide for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AME, a collection of 18 short films from various international directors. Each song is named after another Parisian quarter and is a reflection of love. Be careful that, over the celebration of the strongest and most persuasive of all human emotions, Paris, T'AIME has explored love in many stages of his own play. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what a better way of expressing the flying nature of love and how it can change your life while you are with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint Denis by Tom Tykwer. The true form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses a time-lapse photograph and repetition to demonstrate the entire love cycle from the beginning to the dissolution. Originally filmed in 2004 and associated to this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman as Francine, American actress in Paris for part in the film and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, the blind man she fell in love with. Blind here leads blindness to the most unstable terrain, where two people consume each other until their life almost loses their own existence. It seems that love from the dazzling and dizzying mind, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks that can play on our minds and the illusions it can create when we are crazy about the doubts. Perhaps the most cruel romantic offer comes from the Sylvain Chomet Tour Eiffel. When Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) selects the most identifiable attraction for his title, he gives us a little boy who tells a story about how his parents met and fell in love. His father, mime (Paul Putner), finds himself in a surreal scenario after another and finally finds himself in jail. Here he meets a woman who becomes the love of her life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of a dying art, if it's not dead yet. Naturally, it is dreamy and carefree. Does Miming show his silent finger on the absurdity of human behavior, and what does love make people act more absurdly? We could find someone who would be in the most unlikely circumstances if we could only take a bit of seriousness. Paris, T'AIME keeps flowing alive by not always focusing on love among lovers. Three unforgettable shorts focus on love between parent and child. Walter Salles (MOTOCYCLES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno lovingly to her baby before leaving him to sing the same song with the longing for a child looking at her life. Nobuhiro Suwa (COUPLE PARFAIT), Juliette Binoche tries desperately to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says so little, not surprising because of her huge talent, her struggle is obvious in her face when she learns that love sometimes means she lets go. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN'S MANS) weighs with one uninterrupted scream of his father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughters (Sara Martins) walk together for what must be the first time for a long time. We see them only from the street and we are only approaching them because the distance between these two characters narrows to the place of comfort and acceptance. The last short screen is the 14-year arrondissement of Alexander Payne. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and in less time than she likes, because dogs are waiting for home. He is an ordinary, lifeless person who finds himself in a rich and lush city. In the beautifully supplied americanized French fools, he is interested in monuments and how they feel there. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments in her life, and when she sits in a city designed for lovers, she realizes she is really happy and loves herself more than she knew. He falls in love, perhaps for a moment, into life and love itself. The characters that appear in Paris are T'AIME located in the romantic center of the universe. The moments that share with each other, whether helping someone after a heavy fall or touching another person's hand without touching or not knowing them, are moments that give the love of the flame and thrive. Beyond the town's lovers, it may be easy to miss such moments, but we must remember their meaning. It took only a moment for love to shine through the cloudy sky. You just have to let your heart open to see it. And if one city can be so abundant with love, one has to believe it can find the way to your door.
