Paris, T'AIME IS A Wonderful Movie Tribute to the City of Light and Love, the film so complex that it almost resists summary and revision. Ask a large group of people for their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something similar to this film. Together with every sector or district of the city, the film explores love in all its forms, native people in their Paris regimes, and tourists who interconnect with the great city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screening, include Olivier Assayas, brothers Coen, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa Gus Van Sant, among others, less well-known. Stories differ from merrily, to humorous, to touch, to tragic, to banal, in a tender. In one story, the young French (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell) flying his heart in French to a boy who speaks only English. In another separate wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara), they meet in the Latin Quarter to finish the divorce proceedings, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approached the marriage without connection until the spirit of the graduate Oscar Wilde stops. Steve Buscemi at Tuileries faces subway awareness with a collection of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (loves Mrs. Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she thinks she has terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche meets her agony sons of fantasy and the loss in the Place des Victoires, with the help of mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier, showcased a stark tale of misconceptions in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins' Pigalle and Melchior Beslon starring young female actress Natalie Portman learns to see Faubourg Saint-Denis, the vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenka in Quartier de la Madeleine. Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriot, in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a visitor to a tourist letter that is desperately trying to talk about French, studying for her life a trip to the quaintly cheerful 14ème Arrondissement. The last minute of the movie tries to combine as many stories as possible, but it only works at superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges amongst many stories, a fact that can be exhausted by the audience due to insufficient time to assimilate all the action. But it is eventually a rich tribute to the big city and gives the audience many vignettes to visit again as a magazine in Paris. It's a movie that's worth seeing more than once! Grady Harp
