I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in the movie. I always find it interesting to get ideas and opinions from other generations of films, especially when I'm such a cynic. It is good that someone who has not yet reached access "was there, he did" to every film he sees. I'm glad we were both really happy and considered it a successful mother and daughter. Far, much better than seeing a brain-dead "chick" I'm gonna collect is what we should enjoy, according to demographics? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors were asked to create a short article about each of Paris's districts, the city I visited in 20 years. But I wish I had it. They are loosely connected by a combination of shots and represent different approaches to love in the city, which are considered to be a major romantic capital of the world in popular culture. Some of the films work better than others, but, as other speakers said, they never once fell too much in kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some are interesting and some are just confused (I'm still trying to distinguish between the deep inner truth of the hairdressing salon "Flying Tiger, a hidden dragon.") Some are just fun and may not be given too much importance a vampire and a tourist, for example.) Perhaps the only criticism of the whole film is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, misty, indifferent and miserable, or in the summer baked and full of so many tourists who feel like a sardine in a can that can wait for hours to see every attraction. But I'm choosy. <br /> <br /> My great favorite film was Coen's brother shot at Tuileries subway station and playing perfectly occupied by Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who inadvertently found himself in the love of lovers. Absolutely perfect and very fun without Buscemi having to say a word. I also reverberated a bit about two mime artists, which was probably the closest film that became fragile - it was definitely the edge of a kitsch, but it just stayed on the right. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer, who took a look at the Oscar Wilde tomb, left me quite indifferent and tried to make Juliette Binoche very uneasy about the death of her little son. I thought the two pieces of Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands were a bit flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did it happen on the drug fans market? I saw Sherry Baby last week.) /> But I felt that the two parts of "social justice" (due to the lack of a better way of launching) worked very well. I mean, in particular, the film about the young mother leaving her child in day care and going for something else through the city. And then a film about African immigrants fighting for existence on the edge of an indifferent society that is stabbed and dying on the street in front of a young new rescuer. Still another statistics on murders, in a world that sees thousands of migrants every year who die in a struggle to achieve what they think is a better life. I thought both pieces were very well observed. The final film, 14th arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays a postman from Colorado, who tells the story of his first trip to Paris. in very poorly accented French? to her night school of the French class, she moved me. The perfect end, good, interesting, if not great, movie. <br /> <br /> Paris's t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works pretty well.
