Often films of this nature meet as a mixed bag of great work along with a slight shift that fills the run. Whether it's about promoting a big name or about the project itself, Paris's t'aime never falls into this area. I believe I can really say that the film as a whole is better than its parts. Between the beautiful transitions and the fantastic ending sequence that combines the characters together in one final view of love in Paris, I think the movie would suffer if a tooth was removed. True, there are definitely some shots that cover the rest, but ultimately I have a permanent image, even if it's just a fraction of a second of every short vignette. Love has many forms and talent grows here to the occasion, to surprise and shake the audience through shear poetry and the elegance of many aspects of emotion. <br /> <br /> Quartier des Enfants Rouges: Maggie Gyllenhaal will surprise you as a drug - filming an actress in Paris and meeting her vendor. For the sake of Latin: Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands (renewing the relationship from the old Cassavettes movie) They bring some great sharp joke and sarcasm as they meet to discuss their upcoming divorce. What their conversation is true and what is just about the wrath of the other is all pleasant, so a smile on his face. <br /> <br /> Quais de Seine: Director Gurinder Chadha gives us a moving portrait of love that exists outside of religious and racial differences. It is a sweet little story about the shy love between two people who apparently felt the connection but could not quite vocalize it. Tour Eiffel: I admit I'm disappointed that Sylvain Chomet did not get an animated sequel, but this live action story about mime that fell in love with Paris has the same special character as Les Triplettes de Belleville. <br /> <br /> Tuilerie: The Coen brothers kept their strange sense of humor and brought some gentle laughter. Steve Buscemi really shines and sells power without talking. His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of a dissatisfied Frenchman are invaluable. Bastille: Here's the heartbreaking portrait of the couple about love just to come back in the face of the tragedy. Sergio Castellitto and Miranda Richardson move like a couple who is in trouble, and finds out how strong the bond of true love is. Pére-Lachaise: Surprisingly funny little story from horror master Wes Craven. Little Oscar Wilde humor can add the Levites to any relationship. Parc Monceau: Alfonso Cuarón seems to practice amazing long shots that he improves on Children of Men with this story of two lovers walking down the street. As Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier finally come up in a detailed perspective, we also find the real context of their conversation about "forbidden love." Porte de Choisy: Very surrealist view of Parisian charm. This is probably the farthest entrance, but so interesting that you can not get rid of the paleness that follows. Do not use the anger of your Asian beautician, whatever you do. <br /> <br /> Pigalle: An interesting look at the relationship that goes through the role that seems to have been stagnant for many years. A small variety from Bob Hoskins is necessary for fiery ignition. <br /> <br /> Quartier de la Madeleine: Even the vampires in Paris can find love between the feasts. I do not know if Elijah Wood is happy or not. Beautifully shot and muted to allow red coloring of the blood, this short is strange, but then it's such a love. 14. arrondissement: Let Alexander Payne have a special sense of humor to really add some depth to this voice story about the American in Paris telling what love is. Her harsh, uneducated French is a very sharp contrast to the authentic accents we have listened to up to this moment - just a bit so much to be cheerful and utterly true to the story. <br /> <br /> Montmartre: An interesting introduction to driving. Paris can be a city shame for everyday activities such as finding a parking lot, but when love is discovered, it will have prisoners anywhere to continue their journey. love for a child is due to her soft performance, because the story is embodied in her singing to a small child, yet always quite different. Place des Fetes: My favorite stomach story. Seyda Boro and Aïssa Maïga are just fantastic. The cyclical nature of the story and how fate brings two characters together twice to get Boro finally asked for coffee is hard to watch. Sometimes love at your last moment is enough to accept your departure from this country. Place des Victoires: One of the best stories about a mother who is trying to cope with the death of her young son. Juliette Binoche is devastating as a mother desperate for her son's last look, and Willem Dafoe is strange as a cowboy that will allow her a chance. Faubourg Saint-Denis: Sometimes it must be thought he lost the love to accept that he was not fully involved in the relationship. Melchior Beslon reminds her that she is trying to figure out where she has broken through a series of sharp and fast stretches of encounter with Natalie Portman until she finally "sees" how much she needs it. Le Marais: Let's go to Gus Van Sant to show us the story of the difference in communication and understanding because his films almost always deal with some form of alienation. His photographer from the Sun is an American who works in Paris, which is a catalyst for the artistic dubbing of soul and soul lovers Gaspard Ulliel. Sometimes there is no need to know what is being said to understand what is happening in pauses.
