... for Paris is a moving holiday. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents paraded Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotations, and the filmmaker Max Ophüls, the famous movie director, said of Paris," offered for sunrise illuminated boulevards, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in a glass, coffee and tepid brioche, gigols and prostitutes for the night. Everyone in the world has two father countries: his own and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Is T'Aime, "which is a subtitle of" Petite romances, "is a collection of short films, often sketches from 18 talented directors from all over the world. from urban towns of 20 arrondissements and parishes of all ages, gender, colors and backgrounds, love in many varieties and stages. In some "little novels" we see unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to immediate interest, proximity and perhaps relationship: like Podalydès and Florence Muller on Montmartre Street in the opening film, or for Cyril Descours and Leïl Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romance by director Gurinder Chadha begins at Quais de Seine. Marais "one boy after shouting his heart to another boy who admits suddenly unexpected proximity, and asked for permission to call - he never realized that the subject of his interest does not understand French, some vignettes are scary and even dark. In the movie Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (an amazing debut about the Academy Award for Maria full of graces), who is the mother of a girl who works as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for daycare, her baby every morning, before he goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartfelt films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seyda Boro work together as two young people who could love each other. They were promises, but they were truncated because of the hatred and hatred that are present everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another thing that really got me was "Bastille," written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto fell out of love with his wife, Richardson, but when she is ready to leave with a beautiful mistress, devastating messages come from the doctor's wife ... I can continue thinking about all 18 small gems. Some of them like me very much. Others feel weak and may soon be forgotten, but overall, I'm very glad to buy a DVD, and I know I can come back to my favorite movies again and again. They are the "Place des Fêtes", which I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven, which includes the spirit of one of the saddest and smartest men at all, Oscar Wilde (director Sideways Alexander Payne) who would save one problem relationship. Payne also directed the "14th Circuit," in which a lone middle-aged middle-aged man from Denver, CO examines the city itself and provides a voice in French with a heavy accent. The entry of Payne is one of the most moving and together with the jolly "Tuilerie" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists (Margo in the park and Steve on the metro in Paris after visiting Louvers) sit on the benches and watch life around them with different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and bright, my sadness is clear ..." Steve's character finds out that even the most comprehensive and useful tourist guide does not help the tourist to avoid bad things in a foreign country.
