I saw it tonight at a seminar on digital projection (shot at 35mm and the first feature film fully scanned at 6k mastered in 4k and screened with a 2k project at the ETC / USC Theater in Hwd) .. so much for tech stuff. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) received 5 minutes of love story each day. They come in all shapes and styles with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally cheerful ... Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... well ... and really wrote that piece in the movie Msr Depardieu and many good international actors.The stories are different from the novels to the marvelous comedy about Alex Payne's moving study of a woman who appeared on Van Santu and one of those things going anywhere ... maybe the French speaks in most of the sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of actually spoken English, although it probably turns it into artistic houses (a la Diva.) Also, just one piece that could be considered "experimental" but colorful and funny the remaining simple studies of sometimes complex relationships Everything easy to follow (if the "experimental" does not understand your desire for the story to be formulated.) Some have caused me some emotion ... I admit that I'm afflicted with love in the cinema .. when it's presented in something other than sentimental. I even laughed at a piece of mime, like no one else I saw (thank you for it!) The film got to the top, somewhere more than half, and the last two sequences rose again. Some beautiful footage from Paris at night, luscious romantic music that is usually used for a good effect, not just schmaltz for "emotion" in sound, generally good cinematography, although some shots looked like a soft focus when it could not be the target main character in slide / scene). The stimulation of each film was good and the overall structure, although a bit long (leaving out two of those that would have been 20 films but saying they were all on DVD) seemed to differ between the tones of the films to maintain a good balance. You are not sure when it comes out, but a good study on how to do 5min of the film work ... and sometimes what does not work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film.) It should be in the region one when was released but did not know when.
