It's not easy to shoot a movie with 18 different stories. Even though 18 different international directors met with the challenge, not every one is good, some even boring. But in his entity, "Paris is t'aime," is breathtaking, showing that "Love Lies Actually" means "love is all around", especially in the city of love. Here's a resume (we'll try to do as much as possible without spoilers) from 18 different stories. MONTMARTRE - a kind of stupid introductory sequence, nothing really special. The man finds a parking spot and sees a lot of unparalleled couples wondering why he can not find a girl. And then suddenly a woman lying beside her car ... QUAIS DE SEINE - Another blunt sequence, about three teenage boys looking for an ass when suddenly a Muslim girl travels in front of them and gets help from one of the boys. Really basic but sweet heart to do that. <br /> <br /> LES MARAIS - it was a great disappointment! Though a love story between two boys with an artistic backdrop could be interesting with the great Van Santem. Eventually everything that comes from the monologue from Ulliel is good, everything that's ahead of him is just unpleasant. TITLE - Funny sequence from the Coen brothers. Buscemi - not a single word - is fascinating and the whole sequence is just cheerful. This one kept me up to the end and this guy really got you attached to the movie. LOIN DU 16IEME - a beautiful story, even if the execution is bad, the heart is there. It is a story of a Hispanic woman who discards a child early in the morning to take care of another suburban child. Beautifully. PORTE DE CHOISY - This segment has to be the strangest and wildest of the whole movie. A shampoo trader comes to Paris in Chinatown. If I understand this, the story is about inner beauty, but I think I'm wrong. BASTILLE - a really gorgeous sequence. The man will meet his wife in the restaurant to say goodbye to him to run away with his mistress. But the woman has some devastating news. Pretty basic but really sad and beautiful! PLACE DES VICTOIRES - also a sad sequence. Juliette Binoche plays a sad mother. One night he wakes up as he listens to his dead child. When she arrives, the cowboy tells her she can give her child the last farewell. One of the best segments! TOUR EIFFEL - Two lovers who fell in love could be great, but even if he has some nice cinematic tricks, the story is not interesting and not fun at all. <br /> <br /> PARC MONCEAU - truly original and great sequences, one of the best movies! A young girl and an older man are discussing the future and fear of a certain man ... Cuaron is doing great acting and the actors are amazing! QUARTIER DES ENFANTS ROUGES - American actress (Gyllenhaal) falls in love with her drug dealer. the beautiful segment with a very sad ending PLACE DES FETES - the woman comes to the homeless, starts talking with her romantically ... because she is the love of her life. Beautiful, sad, shocking, romantic ... Place des Fêtes will cry everyone. <br /> <br /> PIGALLE - A boring sequence between Ardant and Hoskins who are looking for new excitement in their relationship ... very Pigalle is a let-down. <br /> <br /> QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE - It brings a certain diversity in the movie, QdlM is a relief. A young man (Wood) finds a vampire who kills the victim ... The tourist and the vampire ... fell in love! Dark, frightening and strangely romantic, Madeleine is excellent. PERE-LACHAISE - another segment that narrows. Directed by Wes Craven and stars like Mortimer and Sewell, that might be great, but Père-Lachaise is just plain, original. FAUBURG SAINT-DENIS - The rumors are TRUE, Twyker's short film is beautiful, amazing and well done. The blind man picks up the phone and he hears his girlfriend (Portman - really stunning) to break him. He reflects their relationship. <br /> <br /> Latin - Although this segment was co-managed by Depardieu and has such stars as Rowlands, Gazzara and Depardieu, this segment is also a flight-down. Nothing happens, lack of chemistry among actors. 14. ARRONDISSEMENT - The last sequence is cheerful and sad at the same time. The American in his French class tells his way to Paris. Her French is really terrible, but at the end of the segment she realizes that Paris is much more than it is. "Feisty in the background," Paris, is t'aime "ending in a sweet tone that did not allow me even though some segments got bored of me, the movie entity is great! !
