I was lucky to have participated in the screening in Stockholm for this elegant, pleasant film and the movies that they thought. With romance as the heaviest weapon in her arsenal, Paris is t'aime bravely creeping into love in Paris, moving in various forms in eighty separate "staffs", but without attracting parisian and saccharine formulas. His golden minute undoubtedly comes from frustration on parts of directors? frustration over just 5-10 minutes of on-screen time? so you are presented on each side only in the best and most reliable direction. <br /> <br /> When I was debating whether I should review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be only redundant and long. Instead, just make sure that every director loves the film with his eccentric styles and skills, and you will surely find your favorite. Though Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the better posts, even wasting in a well-placed link by Kurt Cobain. The Coen Brothers are once again creating one of the more accessible segments in Paris, a scene with a dim, but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, humor and humor that has definitely been created and perhaps right in my theater. <br /> <br /> In this way are all stories wonderfully unique? filtered through the minds of different directors? but the one who deviates most from others is Vincent Natali's QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, the dark horror-gothic love that plays Elijah Wood as a lost tourist on Paris's night street who meets the vampire. With a black-and-white shape, but a bloody red color contrast that seems to bleed inconspicuously from the screen, it almost becomes a passionate Sin City? a refreshing mysterious and visual turn over in another reasonably grounded film. <br /> <br /> But my only favorite segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS by Tom Tykwer, but I think I was conditioned by thinking that I was going with him in the theater as my favorite and shocked his friend on the "finally, this is my favorite director". However, it can not be denied that Tykwer brings a beautiful segment in which the blind boy picks up the phone and he hears his girlfriend (Portman - because it was not once annoying) that he breaks down and reflects their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is dizzily fast, kinetic and repetitive, with screaming and jogging (Lola Rennt), which makes it the biggest part of adrenaline pumping in Paris is t'aime and perhaps also the most concerned when Tywker begins to dominate its strongest instrument ? music. <br /> <br /> To fill out a negative account, obviously not all directors are like Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scraps the bottom of the pile by digging a really useful segment in which the little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two lone mimics. This part is so French face and desperate that it is an insult to international viewers. Suwa also drives a poor and fluffy segment with unusually frantic looking Juliette Binoche, who mourns the loss of his son. Nothing else will happen. Finally, the wrapping and twisting of 18 stories ultimately feels somewhat submerged and hostile. Yet Paris is t'aime really spoiled by quality because all the other stories are well - created with a sharp actor and fun writing. It is definitely one of the most important events of 2006 (I do not say much, I think) and a very personal film in the sense that it is inevitable to choose the favorite and the least popular. Highly recommended for the mainstream of "demanding" (heh) viewers. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
