Although Cameron Grant was apparently hired to replace Andrew Blake on Ultimate Pictures, when she started his own company (Studio A), he practically overcame the "Master" right from the gate when it came to creating a fairy-tale sex scene. So while all the jerseys that Blake made a pioneer (the stars in the fetish lingerie and sunglasses, stuffed and made as if they were going to hit the fashion show) stayed very present and counted, Grant added his personal twist to body content. At that, he raised the heat to a level that avoided Big A from his first one? and IMHO the best? movie NIGHT TRIPS. Cam's endeavor, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, could still be disadvantaged by the excessively slavish adherence to Blake's aesthetics (with an excess of girl on the girls gropes), but his subsequent dinner already shows him at the top of his form, which must surely be his masterpiece. The title explains the premise as a good group so that friends and acquaintances gathered for dinner and exchanged sexy stories with widespread orgies to conclude. The gorgeous Juli Ashton and Tammy Parks smudge the food they find on their entire flawless body in their kitchen that will surely delight those who want to combine pleasure from the palette with those of the body. Busty Crystal Gold (rarely "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second line, adding spice to several Zee Zee trays, but it still looks absolutely fascinating in the romantic 4 poster look with Fabin looks like Vince Voyeur. The beautiful blondes of Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, who marched with Marc Davis (behind the record, the last two were an item at that time) under the waterfall, finished the section of the eye candy in the movie. get cooking! Premature Jenna Jameson ("Daisy") marks the magnificence that comes when Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" in his subsequent transition to the homosexual side of industry) launches all the important juices, though with little help from the Diva brunette for effective contrast, stylish industrial The scene environment provides a background atmosphere full of sex tilting. The unbelievably nasty construction worker Gerry Pike is struggling to cool off on a slow summer day by collapsing, a prospect that is too horrible to move Asia's primeval business woman to Carrera (for her most fabulous state). The best of the show must be the imaginative sequence that has the ugly Norms Jeane and the handsome Sean Michaels teasing their pants to each other? for beginners ! ??? while separating it with the glass partition until the predictably nasty conclusion. With sex that is artistic or hot and more often than both, Grant has created a real smörgåsbord of wicker goods to continue the film gastronomic analogy suggesting a name. Couples can be the main intended audience, but the alternation between the naughty "n" handsome should rightfully include that recipe for "something for everything," like many adult features. He acts as his own DoP, the director shows a big eye for detail, just as the shot of Asia Carrera's white shoes is splashed with mud enriching his vision. Does that mark him as a great filmmaker rather than a correctionalist, as was the case with Nick Steele, who entered Ultimate? replacing the substitute? ??? when he wrapped himself in green pastures.
