Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I was looking forward to films that are usually despised: "Quintet" just because it gives me the pleasure to see the adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as a little girl in "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH" because they have Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye," for the wonderful and unreal world, Olive Oyl Shelley Duvall, and beautiful locations in Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs," for anti-adolescents; "Beyond Therapy," for all her beasts and for the presence of Genèvieve Page, who considers herself a transvestite for all her efforts to look at Parisian skills ... I even enjoyed my one-channel television films such as "The Dumb Waiter" and " laundry ". When there's not a lot of plot in your movies, you have great performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtinu. I perceive and enjoy a different approach and description that makes of many different cultures of the United States. It is a shame that his genius is seldom appreciated, and that he is always forgotten when it comes time for US prizes and prizes. He is not your typical fan of fantasy. He is rather addicted. So it's no wonder I find so many bad comments that I've published here about "The Pernik Man", his most "mainstream" work to date and to my knowledge. I did not know there were so many people who thought, like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, one may not want to "Ginger Man," but for me there is more to Grishama than to a director and a screenwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are: Improvised dialogue, great performances, a funny law firm with a typical disrespectful receptionist and secretary. While some people find it boring, I find that the first thing is fascinating, also thanks to the great cinematography of Changwei Guo, the man who shot Red Sorghum, Ju Dou and Farewell My Concubine. It has a way to show us what we see in other American films, but under another light. Through their "alien view" almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get old. You can get into trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and more beautiful, like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I fascinated with someone who is younger than me! Then you have a repulsive, threatening and mysterious nature from Robert Duvall, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second act is a bit fake and even funny, because Altman could drive him with a smile. I remember being ridiculed several times with ironic notes. I think he used a bit of Brecht, distanced us, prepared us for a third act that is a holly Hollywood pastiche. Altman does this with expert knowledge. He was a wise man and intelligent director, but fortunately he did not get into the trap of today's action movies. He directed the story of lust, greed, and death. I was not disappointed with the movie. If I give him nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has turned it into the best-selling author. So why complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, the dullness, the flatness, and the stupidity of all. However, it does so with such mood and humor that I disagree with negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
