"Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I've ever done!" ??? Robert Altman In 1955, director Charles Laughton directed the Night of the Hunter, a ghostly Southern Gothic slut in which Robert Mitchum plays a horrific serial killer. One of the film's most famous sequences consists of two children who have escaped from Mitchum on rowing, children are desperately falling, while Mitchum is like a monster. Seven years later, Mitchum played an equally haunted killer in Cape Fear, another film in the American South. The movie had a local lawyer who was trying to protect his family and ended up with Mitchum, who was terrorizing the people on board. In 1991, Martin Scorsese, who attempted to separate and solve something more of the mainstream, rebuilt Cape Fear, the ship's scene and everything. Now we have Robert Altman "Gingerbread Man", another piece of the small town of Southern Gothic. Altman says he consulted the "Night of the Hunter" for inspiration and solved such mainstream film purely because he wanted to "spread his wings and try a popcorn picture", but what secretly tries to do here is to deconstruct canonical films of the South Gothic genre. <br /> <br /> So instead of seeing a small boat we get a showdown on a giant ship. Instead of two kidnapped children, we get two children to safely return to the police. Instead of the money being hidden, we have money that is easily given through the will and conclusion. Instead of a righteous lawyer of the 1961 film and a pious lawyer remake of 1991, Kenneth Branagh is a three-dimensional lawyer. Instead of the monsters that chase the family, we get a hero that chases the bad guys. Instead, as the monster penetrates into a family house, we have a hero that hunts a monster on board a "home ship" monster. Similarly, instead of a murderous serial killer, we get the innocent weirdness that plays Robert Duvall. . .etc, etc. <br /> <br /> Altman continues and continues, turn everything slightly, pull the edges and do your own things. His touch is most pronounced during the first half hour of the film, in a restless space between conventional film stories and Altman flash, overlapping with dialogues, occasional narratives, moving the camera, and the way the characters are not so much that they are simply part of, what's happening. Still, despite the best Altman's intentions, the film has never been above average. Altman is too tied to the "thriller format" convention to do a lot of damage, his style is too lethargic to cause tension, and the film just is not radical enough to contrast with other canonical movies in the genre. "Gingerbread Man" is therefore too traditional to work as a cleaner Altman movie and also Altman to work as a major thriller. The film, however, is not a complete waste, though. Robert Downey Junior, Kenneth Branagh, and usually unbearable Daryl Hannah, all go into a juicy performance. The film also has a pleasant atmosphere, built against the approaching hurricane, and the final act contains some interesting twists. While this is not a complete disaster that Scorsese is "Cape Fear" was, the film still has nothing special. <br /> <br /> 7/10 At the end of the 90s, Altman created three consecutive American films: "Kansas City", "Gingerbread Man" and "Cookie's Fortune". Unlike "Gingerbread Man", as "Kansas City" and "Cookie's Fortune" solve the genre on the wider, more leaky canvas that Altman was most comfortable with. <br /> <br /> "Kansas City" is the most important of these two films, his class hierarchy, politics, and crime, and his desire to radically break away from typical genre genres would be reflected in all 21 (see, for example, The Wire). This means that "Cookie's Fortune", though a much milder story, may be a better picture. Note: Altman claims to be his first thriller, but he drove "Images", an art thriller, in 1972. <br /> <br /> It's worth a look.
