Robert Altman should not make such a film, but the fact that he did - and it turned out to be a relatively good and well-wounded thriller in this brochure of Grisham thrillers - shows a versatility that is commendable. The Gingerbread Man must really work with something that unfortunately is not always successful, or at least that's not the first thing on his checklist as a director: a plot. There is one of those big, juicy boilers, where a dirty lawyer gets into a desperate, low-class woman, and then the nasty figure with whom the woman is linked puts her most interesting ways in her life, yada yada. And surprisingly, Altman really wanted to take one of them "I saw I came here!" end, or just such a semi-conventional thriller. But it is a surprise that he pays off because Altman is particularly capable of capturing some of those very good behaviors, or rather is able to inadvertently urge her from a very well-stocked, Georgian environment in a small town. The film is due to the atmosphere (if not a beautiful craft, sometimes it is good and sometimes decent for Altman), because Savannah is likely to be hit by a big hurricane, and marsh, swamps and rain will keep things subdued and lean and damp. Such an atmosphere is really strong, but also the (sometimes) hysterical performances of Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman" with which Branaugh's lawyer is captured and Robert Downey Jr (when not good?) As a private detective in Branaugh's job. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who, in just five minutes, projected such an indelible impression that the vibration of the picture hangs? <br /> <br /> As has been said, some of the land is a bit weak or just such a standard (lawyer is divorced, bitter old combat states, innocent and fucked kids), but at the same time I think Altman saw something charming in material, something darker than any other Grisham's work that somehow stands out. If it is not entirely masterful, it still works on its limited terms as what happens - another secret - the southern noir.
