Steven Spielberg wanted to win Oscar so bad that he thought he would not win by managing special epic effects (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Ark" "ET: The Extra -Terrestrial ", so he decided that it would be very serious to drive the film" The Color Purple, "a film without special effects, but Spielberg still gave no respect," Fialova Color "received 11 Oscar nominations, including the Best Picture, but Spielberg was unjustly overpowered when he was not nominated for the best director, "Color Purple" should win a couple of Oscars, including one for the Whoopi Goldberga's grand film debut as Celie, a woman suffering in the hands of an abusive husband (terribly placed by Danny Glover) , then he gets coached throughout the movie thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made his debut film and gives great performance as Sofia, one of my Celia buddies. Since I was from Chicago, I'm Winfrey from her talk show (which did not eat at the time of the release of this film). Just like Goldberg, what movie debut! Margaret Avery is awesome as Shug Avery, another friend who has also become a mistress of her entire spoiled husband. All three actresses have earned Oscar nominations for their work (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Set in the south during the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is a movie so strong that she was crying at the end. I also laugh at times. Why academic voters were so hard they did not make Spielberg as the best director, it is the secret that is still being argued by me today. But Spielberg would eventually get two Oscars later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan," which makes him one of the best film directors of all time. But he was supposed to be nominated for this film. The work he made from special effects such as "E.T." on a serious drama like "The Fiery Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
