In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent film makers of all time. But this is general knowledge; I think his main problem is a range of genres that he covers and at the same time he can not develop some sort of style that he could designate as the author. Hitchcock liked his tension and his horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes his crime-driven Mafia stories among others and Spielberg likes his big, big budget adventure films that combine just enough adult violence and fun for kids. Other more comprehensive examples include Kubrick and Welles, who have been too busy. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is such a person who makes a bad film that rotates around a great idea or a really pretty movie that turns around a seemingly boring assumption. Falling Down had a great idea behind it, but I found it flawed and counter-climatic, because too many scenes fell on comedy. Batman is a superhero; superheroes are recently big hit, so how did he do not one, but two alert superhero movies are behind me. Then comes 8mm; a film with a precondition that is impressive in front of Tigerland, which, in my opinion, is the best film by Schumacher of what I have seen so far. The war genre is not laughing with what you would associate with it most of the time. I remember the absurdity of landing on D-Day during Saving Private Ryan: at the time I first saw the movie, I did not have much to know about the World War II bar when it started and it was over. My eyebrows were awake, my mouth slightly open with the weak, "I can not believe she smiles". Needless to say, because of this film, I was looking for something more about what was happening about this event and about the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a hard and egotistical military training for the Vietnam War. But what is handy here is that there is no frontal warfare on the scene of fighting and death and destruction; only one person and his battle with the system for most of the time. The things he says, and the ridiculousness he is dealing with, is a school kid who has abolished a number of teachers in an extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from the Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but I think ego and superegos play more. Superegs, who are drill sergeants, are targeting Bozz, whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle, which snakes into Bozza: ID. Compared to all other soldiers who have a rather big ego, Bozz is the only courageous one to show it to the sergeants, and thus suggests that he allows what he should not do to float to the surface and to say, "You are in this situation is dead! "snorts the sergeant. "Some questions?" "Yeah, if I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" corresponds to Bozz, whose punishments such as push-ups and dirty eating seem to be unshakeable in the true style of ID; that he is enjoying the punishment. Also, as far as superegoes are concerned, Bozz will at one point attempt to control a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the current captain of the team can not suggest so much that he is missing both the superhero needed for work and the confidence to tell Boz that he is in charge. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and the existing helicopter that gives him a Christian name. This is where private Wilson (Whigham) is advancing: His uncontrollable rage and rage in Bozzu explodes at some point and culminates in the only real shooting scenes that are in the form of exercise in the river. Wilson can not control his impulses, and he does not like Bozz and is acting. What I like about Tigerland is that it's filmed so courageous. While innovation is lacking, Tigerland seems to be using lesser-quality film or fewer cameras to get over its shy appearance. Do not think this could be a nice film with many colors and attractiveness. However, we have a documentary approach in the final work, so everything looks as if it were shot on a typical day-to-day camera for television; The emphasis on the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is clever: he never allows the film to become too much of a mockumentary, and at the same time suggested that the budget of the film could be half what it was. It is worth mentioning that Spielberg said he wanted Saving Private Ryan to look like a real reel record or something like that and it was recorded from war scenes. While it's very funny and fun, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in the war, but in the closest possible substitution. Her study of one person and how much she hates a system she can not take seriously is fascinating, just like the efforts of every soldier. There are a few unforgettable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not an unfortunate end that opens your mind and forces you to think about what you really like in the army.
