Will and Ted's physical journey is an exclusive trip through the themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, the human search for glory, and his fears that the body is overcome by the soulless machine. It is the most intelligent fiction piece from Paradise Lost and refers to many great past works - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the guys are a famous rock band that traveled by collecting past icons - Napoleon, Joan Of Ark (Noah's Wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They have acquired the skills they have learned from each of these people, kidnapped a number of priestly princes and eventually learned to play their guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are defeated for eternity. We will continue quickly into the distant future where the evil dictator who despises good music, called Simon Cow-Al, wants to rule the world. Rooshus (a cool boy from the first film that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) drives and gets the power to send two cyborg back in time. Cyborg is a living tissue above a metallic exoskeleton and coated with a mimetic polyolefin layer that allows them to survive unrest during time travel and imitate everything that arises from physical contact. It's their job to kill Biffa and Fred and take over their lives by doing terrible music that no one likes. In this way, the world will change forever - Gryll and Jed's never get out of the world of war, famine and hatred, and a more unpleasant, clumsy boy / girl band of popular music. It is a surprising procedure because good guys are actually killed and have to figure out a way to save the world, themselves and their women from the evil Dopplebanks inhabiting their bodies. Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of youth culture and real culture by blending modern music and phrases with postmodern ensembles and artistic links and trying to teach us something by immersing themselves in our own psychology to show it to us. It represents the nightmares encountered by a teenager from the late 1980s in a society that has left them, and calls us to split poststructuralist jingoism, love to each other, and the reluctance of time. Charging us with the conviction that we can really change the world is an inspirational message, but to achieve such dreams we have to go through and really face nightmares. Overcoming them is to succeed Defeating Death is the first step to a real life and not just to survival. According to Kenneth Reeves - "Wow!" Best scene: For a fun game - check out how many tracks, bands and albums cover links that you can see throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
