Genteel, a slightly spoken drama by Steven Spielberg, was his first real intention in this genre. Leaving his usual adventurous / fantastic food, he paved the way for his 1993 success, "Schindler's List". Based on a novel that won the Pulitzer Prize, Alice Walder, the story concerns the arrangement of a young girl's marriage with a brutal, angry farmer and a painful separation from her beloved younger sister, Nettie. While the plot - about compassion, abuse, and the power of love to heal all wounds - is often strong and moving, losing its way through the guilt of continuity, and the hidden screenplay of Menna Meyjes. The "Purple Color" is sometimes difficult to trace, and on one or more occasions it tends to be a little irregular with respect to the time frame. This hidden script is the depth and detail of the observer obviously present in Miss Walker's novel. It is a real shame that Master Spielberg was unable to solve and fix these problems, because most of the performances are a great example of his ingenuity as a director. The performances are strong all over the world, with Whoopi Goldberg making his debut - which never agrees in terms of acting - like the heart of a broken Celie who just wants to be loved. Danny Glover has strong support, though his "Moses" was an excellent step for him in "Places in Heart". An example shows that Miss Oprah Winfrey is Miss Sophia, a black warrior whose spirit is crushed by a terrible incidence involving a patronizing white woman of higher class. Good support also from Margaret Avery, Adolph Caesar and Rae Dawn Chong. Quincy Jones (co-founder with Spielberg, Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall) wrote a beautiful melodic score and also provided some original blues opportunity. Michael Kahn's editing is always so enjoyable, while director Allen Daviau shows the perfect skill to capture some of the beautiful scenery of the southern world. This true affair of the heart will certainly bring tears to the eye, but it is unfortunate that we remain with so many unanswered questions. <br /> <br /> Wednesday, January 15, 1997 - Video
