Ying, a Chinese girl who speaks Czech, invited us to screen a Czech film (with English subtitles) at the Department of Visual and Environmental Studies (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotáři (Loners, 2000) and it was quite good. In many other Czech films, it seems that the seven central figures have quite a dirty, dirty life; The web shows that this theme was popular among US movies in the early 1990s. Their relationships disintegrate, combine and recombine. Another feature of Czech films is that neither of the characters is designed to be universally negative and neither of them is permanently positive. You can also see how characters view the characters of others depending on the context; this is a very realistic feature of the philosophy of psychological analysis. Ondřej is a talented and married young surgeon who has two daughters. However, you will learn that he only studied neurobiology to prove how much he loves another woman, Hank. He is so obsessed that he repeatedly dresses like a plumber to get into Hanka's parents' house - a house that is repeatedly burning. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Hanka has a very mixed relationship with her parents. He just decides - by throwing the coin - to say good-bye to Peter, who works in a private radio station. Hanka does not see the bourgeois life of her parents as a good example, but seems to be rather unsuccessful in creating a better environment. But she is a very flexible figure in terms of her boyfriend's type to go. For a while, it seems that Hank has serious plans with Jakub, an innocent drug addict whose memory is rather ravaged by drugs. Friends of the band tell Jacob that he has another girlfriend. Hanka is disappointed and returns to her parents. When Hanka and Peter fall apart, Robert is a lenient, who also works for a travel agency where his job is to show the life of ordinary Czech people to Japanese tourists. Robert - who also provides Jacob with marijuana - is nothing serious and usually sleeps with many different women; eventually his mother dies in the hospital and has his own ways to deal with depression. Vesna (the Slavic word for "Spring") who came to Prague from Macedonia, works as a bartender - and you will not know if she came to Bohemia to see her father or UFO. She seems to be quite confused, but sometimes she helps other characters out of their problems. Petr is working on a radio station and is the only one who likes his job - a job he will eventually lose. He tells his audience that he has said goodbye to Hank - which is how he learns about the news that makes him very happy. Finally, Ondřej's wife Lenka is always ready to forgive him and stabilize marriage - although Ondřej asks the magician to disappear so that Ondřej can try to capture Hanka again. (The magician pays his debt because he is a victim of a major traffic accident - Jakuba and Hanka bring the victim to the hospital and Ondřej rescues her life.) Lenka works for the travel agency as a translator and eventually she has to transfer some hysterical scenes for 20 or so Japanese tourists who alternate their films during Hanka's parents' dinner. Seven characters are mutually interesting, which would be natural if Prague were less than four orders. Considering the real size of the Czech capital, it seems a bit unlikely that all these events will take place among seven people, but it's fun.
