It is the first American film that has successfully adopted the naturalist style used by Europeans, especially the French and the Belgians, for at least ten years, and is not it the time? After three high school girls in the Crown Heights Brooklyn Quarter in the last few days, the breaks between the first and second years of the year do what all the good art has: discovering versatility in this particular. Although girls' interests are conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we see how their lives are shaped, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is complete, complete. The film breathes, stays in a moment, lives in real time. The story is told. The medium and its artifacts are not a single message. The film unmistakably reflects the child's perspective of its characters; it does not impose its own meanings for adults or morals. Details appear in themselves, they are never pushed, and therefore appear to be even more realistic and stronger for their understatement. Though great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest Black Ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous violent places in the US, it is the subject of childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself. <br /> <br /> The documentary footage of the marching band, Jackie Robinson Steppers, interrupts the film at regular intervals with explosion of color, motion and sound. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, patient, cunning and unobtrusive. Language is rich, spontaneous, playing transparent. Some scenes are exceptional, like the girls that have lit up, each revealing her deepest fantasies. Lanishina's acknowledgment of her acceptance of death by accidental violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest ghetto scars. Sharing her with her mother, her confusion and fear, in front of the strict challenges of adult life, is equally moving and beautiful, unconsciously positive. Social reality is respected, not propagandized: All three girls are brought up by one mother, only one, Lanisha, my father is active in her life (and not random, the three are most emotionally stable and empathetic to the other, and the most self-esteemed). Two of them suffer from asthma, which is an infamous disease in the inner city. Gunfire, taken daily, will interrupt their conversation for a moment. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels he has control over the future, while the other two at a different level have already been desperate. This is by far the best dramatic American film I "I've seen it for years. You see, you see, you see it.
