"Our song" gives us the life of three teenagers Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn - the best girlfriend hanging at the end of the summer. Summer teens - even if we do not know the signs and landmarks of this terrain, Crown Heights, Brooklyn - are all the same for us. Peaceful rest from the pressures and disruptions of the school. Warm up warmth and kindness. But if this experience of adolescence is universal, the inner city of the nineties is a different place than most of us know, maybe as a foreign country like everyone else. The young body carves new silhouettes ... suggests a new territory ... maze to adulthood. The young mind that comes in, speaks for itself and says that this is me, that's what I want to be. It's always so. But that's what Brooklyn played in late 90's. Jim McKay is the writer / director of this film project, but he acknowledges everyone who criticized him for his suggestions. The opening cover of `Film o 'appears to contain a list of everyone in the universe. It's a gesture, but until the end of the movie, we know it's real. [The final titles also have some of the most cash and award credits I've read.] The live sound recording by Jan McLaughlin deserves to be particularly marked. McKay is a humble leader who knows who says this story - it's his three graces Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn. They are the real thing, their interactions have the fire of true friendship and the focus of reality. This is not a music video abbreviation of teenage life. It has the seriousness of a long, unmistakable view. We are with them, we can not feel the whole, but we feel privileged to listen. They are real voices that talk about the crisis and the dullness of everyday life. We are witnesses of modern mathematics of teenage life - how its problems are interpreted, counted, and summed up and resolved. Small scenes illustrate great ideas. Lanisha hangs with her father on security work - it's the only way to spend time with him. We see the love that exists between them, but also family and fatherhood failure. In the related scene, Lanisha defends her father with her mother and we see her desperately needing both to love her and to love her in return. Later, three friends were lying in the dark sharing visions and dreams - and remembering how crazy / fun children are, and tragically, how realism nowadays brings idealism. And eventually Maria simply walks along the street is a story itself. We see her getting the courage to keep all her fears and doubts in the bay. Demonstrates for us the power we must be able to accept the fragility that makes life viable. "The greatest gift of our song is that we really feel the deeply overwhelming nature of friendship - how, one day, alive and reviving, that intimacy can only turn and go in the next moment, it is terrible, but it is as it is, that?
