I reflect back on the days when I kept my hats to feel him when I was 16 years old. The little moments of this film are so accurate and correct about what's going on in the minds and hearts of a young girl during those adolescent teens. Now at my age, I want to preach to them their decisions and how life in these times is not as important as it seems at these times. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait until they experience the difficulties of life, both external and internal, life would be so sweeter. But again, young people are struggling with some of the variables I have never had to deal with with the youth. <br /> <br /> The three main characters played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us a very realistic picture of real reality for young girls living in dilapidated situations. They have poor family lives that are raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanishy whose father is present, but she does not actively support her daily day. They eliminated education systems and did not have direct contact with the models. These situations are heavily influenced and are their reality, but these young women are by no means concerned in these days. They, besides their misfortune and focus on the same things, are watching young girls all over the world. Finding a true love for a man, having good friends you can rely on, gaining some respect / love and responsibility from your parents and enjoying life. This was a film that surpassed the race, the age, and the gender difference that his characters and the environment in which he is stamped. Director and writer McKay explains on DVD how each scene got into the head by watching young people of that age who lived in these types of neighborhoods. In addition, you will add three incoming and upcoming actresses who are not so far in their own life that you get really good synergy of reality and you act in its best form. The only thing I know (Afro-American and Hispanic) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the foreground or near the country believing in a better day and better life and future despite the current situation and the role of modeling it into to some extent. This has never been touched in the film so that it is not a sermon, and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture of having no hope in anything other than in myself. HOPE FACTOR: Now I'm thinking about my future and where I come from and say how Lanisha did "Today is a good day." Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other ism we can add. Yes, some of these young girls' actions increase isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but NIKUTO will not leave the past, present or their environment without the hope of a bright future. I was busy with the desperate hope of each character and a deeper desire to be a model of life in a young girl's life on the edge of making a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of a movie that should not only entertain, but make each and every one of us think, reflect, and then move in some positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
