"Sometimes, when the world is much clearer" - 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Child" Movies about black teenagers usually include the city center gangs who trade in drugs or commit violence to the hip-hop soundtrack. Movies about the everyday problems of ordinary young teenagers in urban centers are hard to appear, yet there is an undiscovered jewel I would like to recommend. Our song Jim McKay is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, who learns that their high school will be shut down for asbestos removal and have to decide on their future direction, which may include their separate ways. The story is narrated from the perspective of a 15-year-old, not from an adult who reminds of the past as in most of the age-old films. Avoiding the obligatory street slang and excessive use of F-words brings a sincere and loving portrait of three friends at the crossroads of their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at a local high school. They are active members of the band Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real marching band, whose trials on a day-to-day parade give discipline and intent to their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to George Washington Washington David Gordon Green, but less stylized, the film performs unprofessional black and latin actors with Kerry Washington as a standout. While the performances have some amateur moments, so I got involved in the story that I forgot that the girls even acted. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned she was pregnant with Terrell's local student. She wanted to have a baby, despite the fact that she only had 15, and knows that Terrell probably will not be much help. Joycelyn works in great clothes, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very lively scene in her bedroom she pretends to talk to her fans, then lies in bed to recit one of her poems. At first she is close to Lanishi and Maria, but she goes to friends outside. None of the girls get much support at home and Maria is too afraid to tell my mother about her child. However, single mothers are not the typical loss of films or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited due to the pressure of family support. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced but she is able to visit her father, a porter in a luxury apartment house and talk about music. Her mother calms when Lanisha learns that a neighbor in his neighborhood has committed suicide, a rather melodramatic story in another realistic film. When the summer unfolds, girls are deferred and each one decides on another course. There are no major dramatic moments, but only a sad acknowledgment of the inevitability of change. Although we have no disappointment about the frustrations that might be expected, we identify with hopes and dreams without dealing with the negative ones. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that refuse to see life in any other than possible term.
