When you start watching this animation masterpiece, you will quickly notice that it is European production. Although Europeans (sadly) integrate some of the clichs that you would normally find in American production of this kind, most of them are missing. One is that there is tremendous evil that can only defeat our (very few and very unlikely) heroes. Another is that one of the groups is only in the money shop, it is greedy, runs away when the heat is awake, but somehow it fits into its better nature. This movie would be better without both. The film is based on a television series that was released four years before the film. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon, not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the spell and the nature of the conspiracy, but I was quick to believe that anyone who made the animation knew his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictional (in those that do not really look like), they look alive and receptive to the audience that followed their search. Create characters that can be considered deformed according to "normal" standards (those micro cells would never be able to carry this giant body anyway) so lively and dear is more than just "highlighting"! Creating a world is another masterpiece. Not because it looks, but because of the ingenuity. The world our heroes travel is not as solid as ours but is made of many pieces of soil of different shapes and sizes that seem to be floating in the air. When one exits on a smaller part of the ground, he nods a little like leaning on weight. In some cases, up and down is no longer true, but our heroes sometimes managed to get somewhere on the ground. Although the world of floating islands is utterly unreal, it is completely believable in this film, and after a short period of time it does not seem to be any more striking than when a car appeared somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the look of the world is not as breathtaking as the thought. Just as it may be, in my opinion, the quality of the world, the character and the attention of the details are stunning. Although the characters' faces have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is beautifully colored and no two settings are alike. The background is always in motion, something is always happening, making the world even more alive. If you stop the movie and look in the background, you will be surprised how many details you can find. The existence of Hector really gives cherries to the top. Hector is a hairy little "thing" (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world), which is absolutely nice and extremely entertaining. Although it is not really important for the main act, it will be missed as if Scrat was in the ice age. It's a great thing about Hector that you have to talk to Gibberish to understand it. If the movie is so great, why did not I give him 10 stars? Well, the fence was thinner in itself. Two hunters are sent to save the world from the really bad dragon that wants to play the world is not really original. This in itself will not be a big deal. What I missed was basic information. What a dragon he was and why did he look like that? I like mythic stories, but if they get too weak, they seem to be written after the film ends up in a poor attempt to give the whole thing some depth. Another thing I did not like was Zoe. Though a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was a bit painful in this film. She seemed quite resilient to all kinds of learning about reality, dreaming of a hero from the story and basically slowing down the others. It would be fine if she had grown a little more in the movie and a little earlier - or it should not be a girl. For me it was the idea of ​​this girl who was there to try the story a little back to the writer. Overall, it's a really good movie for almost all ages.
