My first impression would be that this is Beowulf only with all the good pieces that fight against Grendel and the dragons intact, so it's an exciting ride from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, two of them created a fantastic landscape, which in its story becomes a character in itself, with its ever-changing environment consisting of small spherical surfaces of the earth that can be either deserts or globes of greenery. The story is simple, which tells of a land that seizes in anticipation of an unwanted visit of a mighty dragon to robbery and destruction, and all the knights who are here are destroyed. Join the royal granddaughter of Zoe (Marie Drion), who collects Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brut with the enormous power but truly huge industry and his partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit) who balances the partnership with his clever brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (together with their pet, who is too proud to launder the initial fires) share a common dream of ownership of farmland and idyllic days that take care of their livestock retired but to do so financially free of charge and therefore a career in monster-smoothing that is not exactly repayable. That's basically the whole thing, but what makes this movie a show is its CG graphics, which is a rich, detailed and enchanting miracle. It has some awesome action bits that have been carefully designed to direct you into a rough action, and during these combat sequences there is a dull boring moment. The photorealistic moments of the non-existent landscape put you away from the imagination of the beliefs and it is easy to be in astonishment of the landscape that exceeds the usual three sun rays and the kaleidoscope of the flying thingamajigs (here you George!) And I could not get enough final battles even though the usual bricks bats they find some mistake about the indestructibility of the principals. I think this movie has opened my eyes to the fact that there are many computer animated companies that are in their products all around the world to match the Pixar quality. And this is definitely a movie that can be learned from local Zodiac filmmakers: Beginning of the race and the Sea Legend? keep the story simple and let your moving drawings do everything they say. Definitely recommended!
