Initially, I would think that the secret sun has something critical when it says about religion (and here is Christianity) and was wondering if it would be something that would be against the misfortune of the blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly more holy than you . Surprisingly, it was not that kind, and it was largely undignified, it actually brought events to the scene and allowed the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusion. And I can not help, but mistook for the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who likes Shin-ae widow (Jeong Do-yeon) and starts going to church when he does it. The reasons why the church is going, I think a lot, I will seek inner peace, seek help, fear eternal damnation in the fire of hell, reaffirm faith or even things like wanting to marry in church or skirt chase (I'm a kid not ). But each of his own reasons why he appears in church every Sunday and participates in prayer groups for communion, what is really dangerous is when the underlying motifs are disconcerted when frustration occurs. Or, when you find out how a hypocritical man can be by displaying one face inside the house of God and displaying another outdoors. Shin-ae and her son Jun moved to Miryang, the place where her deceased husband was born. She wanted to start her life again, opening a piano workshop to teach, even though she discovered her new found freedom, and at a time when she did not have good judgment, she had another tragedy. And it takes an hour to get there. The secret sun has really gone to get to this point where things start to get a little more interesting because Shin-ae now accepts religion to cope with and accept its present state and indulges in the comfort of religion and fellow believers began as a cry for compassion turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers this silver bullet to resolve the illnesses of all mankind, and sometimes you wonder if it's because of your personal myopic view of what makes you omnipotent that you start to take a somewhat selfish opinion that it's all good to make your way, and in the case of Shin-ae, her stunning attitude in forgiving others who have committed it, forgetting something very crucial, that feeling can also shorten both ways. The last act is probably the most fun of the lot, as it says a lot where most of us can identify - why me and why not someone else how we are raging against our faith and starting with a challenge, unfortunately without hard and quick answers. Then we either fall down the path or continue the devastating deeds so reluctantly. But somehow the plug carefully pulls out into the Secret Sun to avoid insult, and what a ugly figure could be, was silenced. If you jump into the hype that generates this movie, then you may realize that it is worth mentioning just a beautiful portrait of Jeong Do-yeon, as she is the owner of Shin-ae widow, who is probably the deadliest person on earth when she For a short time you have to deal with many tragedies, and when you look at it carefully, most of them are in themselves. Watching her transformation is worth the ticket, and although my personal favorite Korean actor Song Kang is in my movie, it's something he has just experienced.
