The most interesting is Miryang (Secret Sunshine) actress. Jeon Do-yeon, like Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a small son whose husband died in a tragic accident and who leaves Soul to live in Miryang, his hometown, with his young son. Jeon's face is very interchangeable. She is a girl, flirtatious, elegant, old and sad, desperate and joyful, with her and terribly isolated by turning, and that's all in her face. The film also stars Song Kang-ho as Kim, the man who meets her when her car breaks down, comes to Miryang, who happens to run a garage in the city and who follows her all the time, despite her apparent lack of interest in your attention. The Song is the largest star in Korea, known for its work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and Host). Yet he plays here as a forgiving figure, an almost forgotten man. But of course he makes him interesting and curiously attractive. He is the basic ballast that keeps Jeone's figure to float. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He comes to a new city, a neutral place like a Soul of Poor People, the city "as anywhere else," as Kim says (just like everyone else). Her little boy is haunted, as the little guys are, but they are also clearly damaged and withdrawn. His father usually snored, and when he was missing, he lay awake and pretended to snore. He went to school and Shin-ae met with parents, students and businessmen. In the movie, there is a sense of place, even if the place is in some sense "anywhere". People speak in the local dialect and everyone knows everything and Shin-ae with Soul origin is immediately noticed. Is life much harder, far from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae seems to be unaware of the dangers inside. Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae did not do the best. But it happens and has to face the consequences. But he can not. She goes to pieces. The perpetrator is caught, but that's no comfort. Eventually, she becomes so desperate, she refuses and goes to a birthday Christian meeting whose acquaintance has made her attend. Finds peace and release with this. But when she decides not only to forgive offenders but to go to jail to tell him, this experience is full of irony and destroys it again. She becomes grieved and desperate, and there is no more comfort in the religion. And that's even worse than that. Jeon Do-yeon gives her all in this extremely demanding and Protestant role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If the actor of Song Kang-ho is admirable for him, it is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly Lee, the first three films Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) call him "one of the leading figures of his recent film renaissance." But it's not such a successful film as other Korean directors whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the wild, almost wavy Park Chan-wook. It can actually begin, as Foundas says as an "Asian Alice does not live here anymore," and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something like a thriller and sometimes almost Bressonian study in human misery." seems to be random and indigestible; the film sinks and loses its momentum towards the end, and then simply disappears without sense for the end. There are also weaknesses in action. Shin-ae has a crazy chance with his son and makes a bad choice all the time. If it's for madness like Betty in Betty Blue Jean-Jacques Beineix, which might explain her strange and wrong decision, it's not something that's right. It's an interesting film, certainly disturbing, but one that leaves one doubt and dissatisfaction after you've been putting an emotional pant. Official Selection of the New York Film Festival Presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 "an event recently conducted by Korean filmmakers.
