Corean cinema can be a great surprise for the western audience, because in the same movie we find many tones and genres. In the Coreen series such as The Secret Sun, you will also find some comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. "There is not only a tragedy in life, there is also a tragic comedy," says Song Kang, a composer of the picture, at one point in the film. But do not be angry with me, this heterogeneity of the genres with which the film deals, adds the truth of the experience this rich movie offers to its audience. This does not mean that she lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman in pain. Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life with her son in her late husband's hometown, really gives all the different faces of the suffering she is going through, the unity of this film. It's a realistic part that erases the psychological descriptions of all phases that a poor mother is going through. Denial, loss, anger, belief, toughness of reality: the film falls on all the steps that the character goes beyond, and looks like a psychological catalog of all the suffering stages the woman can experience. The only thing is to accept what might look like a conceptual experience (a woman wearing a mask of tragedy, a man introducing comic interludes), and letting touch the filmmakers. I have to say that some parts of the film have really moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those related to Changa Joan's inability to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering has tired of me endlessly. However, some cinematic ideas are really breathtaking and surprising (the scene where the body is discovered in a big shot is, for example, amazing). Such scenes make "Secret Sunshine" as the equivalent of "The Host" for horror films or "Thriller Memories of Murder". These films are really surprising, most original, aesthetically unbelievable, and they can give other dimensions to the genres they are dealing with. The only thing that forgets "The Secret Sun" because the "host" forgot to be spooky is that his listener wept: the bad point of the melodrama, but a good point for a good film.
