The Secret Sun is the return of director Lee Changdong to the world movie after many years of absence. With the three critically acclaimed films already under his belt, veteran writer Jeon Doyeon and her great talents (Cannes victory) have now become Lee Shinae's primary actor. What follows is the journey of one woman's tragedy and the exploration of its mechanisms of equalization. One of the things that appears when watching the secret sun is that it does not really follow a particular genre, but rather it gets genre features when it is necessary to explain what it is trying to say. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son to the city of Milyang (whose Chinese-Korean language translates into the secret sun). She moves to Milyang as a result of her husband's death because it was his hometown, so the film was born out of a tragedy. And you think things could improve when he opens the piano shop and comes across a slightly humble, fine mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. Because we (and Jongchan, patiently) follow Shinae when he encounters Milyang and the fate that sets for her, the cracks in the armor become fast. She is a restless woman who is trying to grab her own strength to overcome the tragedy, and we look when it finds it is not enough. The secret sun can still be driven by the Aristotelian dramatic arc, but it returns to catharsis, which could confuse the audience, especially their end, but the romantic symbolism present in the name of Milyang, the discussion of the sunlight and the imagery used in the film gave me very good satisfaction, as soon as I began to think about the film even more. <br /> <br /> Jeon is rather impressive, especially given that if the role was not so well played, it quickly changed into a somewhat painful melodrama but captures the nuances of Shinae's attempts to deal with her loss of subtlety. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but performs adequately and appropriately on the stage of Ms. Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in the classic sense. No fantasy aesthetics is used in this area - the director is clearly trying to tell the story. I think my only real complaint, and one that I would not be able to fix, is that despite all that we spend with Shinae, there is some distance between Shinoue and the audience (or at least me). I think some of this is due to the nature of the job, because if total empathy was pushed out, we could not see the problems Shinae objectively discovered. On the other hand, I never felt that I was concentrating on Shina's misfortune, despite many tears and still unlikely behavior. The film still works quite impressively, especially because it made me think about it, about the other meanings that appear in it, and about its perversion of tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation, and faith, even after the credits ended. Elaborated by strong leadership, I honestly did not notice his 2.25 hours running. And that says something. Great. 8/10.
