The Secret Sun (2007) is famous for its 2007 Cannes Film Awards and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the newly-widowed Shin-ae, won the Best Actress Trophy at the 60th Canadian Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film, and Jeon-Do Yeon won the best of the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film won the best film prizes at all Korean film festivals. Masterfully written and directed and uniquely photographed, the secret sun expresses the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful due to the continuous tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, the director and writer of the film, said in an interview: "In a broad sense, I wanted to express what love is and this film could be a melodrama in a sense." Without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation. Secret Sunshine has no obvious genre. This film is not a film about religion, but it drew attention from many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. The break point in the secret sun comes when Jun, Shinson, is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper asks for money because he assumes that he can buy land from where he can buy. Her lie causes much sadness. Shin-ae becomes a church priest and wants to forgive the murderer. He decides to visit his murderer in prison and forgives him. Jong-chan, a friend of Shin-ae, says, "Just forgive your heart, you have to go to jail?" Her church partners cheer her up and say they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. It's a sad moment because it's too early to take action. As a result of meeting a killer, there's another turn in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a peaceful smile that God has forgiven him. It raises the anger that is in it to God. He says, "How could you forgive men before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> It starts fighting against God. He looks at the sky and declares, "I will not lose you." It becomes an axis, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chains. It's more bitter than death. She becomes more crazy and crazy and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. On the day Shin-ae is released from hospital, she goes to cosmetics and knows a familiar face. The daughter of her son's murderer works at the store and shoots her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap the son Shin-ae. While she cut Shin-ae hair, the protagonist can not understand what is going on and comes out of the store quickly. It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does the best to be Shin-ae. Though Shin-ae does not care about him, he's next to her all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church fast, but Jong-chan, who started going to church for Shin-ae, stays there because he felt peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of the Secret Sun, says Jong-chan is like Milyang (a secret sun), a rural town or vice versa. She seems to be "too secular and frivolous, but she's always two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him." Mr. Lee adds, "Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel, I think he could be an angel." "Who knows?" "We can not say for sure that there is no angel." If a person like Jong-chan, who is always accompanied by the twists and turns of his lover, we can defend ourselves from being overwhelmed. Shin-ae's life is full of insignificance. Her husband died after cheating her, and her only son was cruelly killed by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way, and that's literally crazy. It's too easy to say that her life is full of insignificance. She still has hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The last scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair on her own: we walk our own way alone. However, she realizes that it is difficult to do herself, and we know that we can not do everything by myself. We see Jong-chan holding her mirror as she cuts her hair. That's her hope. He has Jong-chan next to her and he is willing to help her in any situation. As I have already mentioned, Jong-chan is like an angel for her. If we feel that the angel is always behind us and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if we face the adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> The secret sun was the hot topic of an interview in Korea. It's like Da Vinci code. While the Da Vinci code helps us to discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine challenges us to deal with the disorder of life and finds sense when life seems unbearable. With the shallow interpretation of the film, people misinterpret Christianity and its theology. With deeper interpretations, this film will help us see under the surface. Some people say they stopped attending the church service after watching the Secret Sun, and Lee Chang-dong responded by saying, "They were against Christ before watching this movie. The Secret Sun is the life story of a woman and we can interpret our life in the life of Shin-ae.
