The exclusive "secret sun" of Lee Chang-dong is one of the most emotionally distraught experiences of the year. This is an instantly exhausting, brutally honest personality that reflects from the loss and the charming reminder of the sea that resonates with a conspicuous density of thought, yet it remains as unbearable as the emotion it is watching. Through its layered naturalism and the stunning view of small-town dynamics, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama by separating the cinematography from surplus and tearing, cutting down the arches that shape its characters, and justifying the negotiations into the overwhelming grinding of Stoic realism. <br /> <br /> "The Secret Sunshine" remains an extremely compelling, seamless work for 142 minutes. His first bravura is filled up to the edge with subtextual impulses, remarkable precursors, and chic changes in tone induced by humanistic reconciliation. Adapted to the story, Lee filmed the film with his sensitivity to the noble paradoxes of life, most recently seen in his transgressively comic and disrespectful "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions change when changing views of our universe, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of widow's pain through the query range, but also feels the buzzing existential currents that form the basis of the film when religion becomes an intriguing scapegoat for understanding the wrath of human experience. <br /> <br /> Jeon's Do-yeon ("You're My Sun") The best actress in Cannes in 2007 is deserved. Her performance as widow Shin-ae remains a tireless puzzle. As a character that separates itself from forces beyond its control, the absolute magnificence of this performance is the central point of the turbulent nature of the film. When Jeon escapes one cyclonic coup after the other, it's a bit sad to see the collapse of the film never happening. Instead, it finds a delicate balance that reduces the charged theatricality and the banality of ordinary tragedies and its fall. It becomes the center of film and space. The film, which was shot in the wonderful hand-held CinemaScope movie, removes the kinematics of images and compositions by making it visually sharp, just as the silence is rough when the camera never gives Shin-ae eyes of luck, guilt and reproach. > <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small, suspicious town of Miryang? the incomprehension of communal situations, the inconvenient silence and its devastation have been reflected in personal dramas. Shin-ae interactions with bourgeoisers rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are only filled out of duty to come in for her son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). One of the repeated acquaintances is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic of indefinite intentions, who helps her on the way to Miryang in a charming open sequence of motion set to a captivating stream of sunlight. The song is a comedic anti-hero in the biggest films in South Korea, but its nuanced and low-floor delivery brings a directorial thought process that will never have to reveal more than is absolutely necessary. transient, then sorrow can never really be dispelled. And Lee finds complexity in life. When Shin-ae attempts to embark on reconciliation just to meet an unimaginable heart again, she unsuccessfully employs the community of evangelical Christianity as a foil to her sadness. But Lee knows more than that when he realizes that religion, in the context of the human canvas of controversy and misery, is never an easy solution. But Lee never rejects the essence of religion, because he realizes the value of salvation for some through force majeure, although it serves other forms of denial. Scenes in their second half dealing with religion do not allow aggressive contempt, which is in itself a matter of recognizing how many filmmakers let the impulse of material take over from what they need to say to be true to her story and characters. Lee's first film since his call to the office as his country's Minister of Culture and Tourism is the uncompromising dissertation work on human suffering. In a movie that is so helpless and real, it hardly reveals that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, just suppression and reduction of agony. The "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with the merciful mercies that have been drawn from evanescence, pointing to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
