I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default report that appears on this movie's URL, I felt compelled to write a refutation. The film in the word is superlative. He does not deserve the hideous reviews the writer wrote. I think the writer has completely missed the point of the film to a large extent. In fact, I was also offended by an overwhelming display of evangelistic devotion, which to a large extent occupied the central part of the film. However, I have to make a difference with the review that this film is not propaganda for the evangelistic event. I think what the director has shown is how religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is to a large extent able to provide answers to basic, simple questions that one might ask and what religion offers is sometimes just a banal phrase of one kind. This does not prove the value of religion, because we have to remember that religion is transformed and expressed by ordinary, mostly well-meaning, essentially good people, and usually do not have the monopoly of truth, and therefore religion ultimately can not provide definitive answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, it's a matter of faith. You have to take it on faith, and that's all. And if you are entrusted with faith, you can appreciate any demonstration of faith. And if you are not given faith, then every demonstration of faith is tedious. It is also instructive to note that the filmmakers reacted to films. In any case, the director shows us that one can not decide to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions and despite the fact that life continues and in this world there is a "secret sun" that awaits all injured souls, no matter their religious orientation. And that's just the main message of the movie! Please note the latest movie scene if you do not want to! In the end, the movie is great and very provocative and confront you - the audience with questions you have to answer. It is therefore a work of art that is personally demanding for you. I agree with the reviewer that the evangelical things were a little too much. Given the above interpretation of religion, as seen in the film, do I think the director tried to balance an act that could not be called a evangelist? basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was as good as ever. He is so balanced and just perfect that he's just amazing. He's my favorite Korean actor. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon was awarded the Best Cannes Actress. However, I did not find any specialization in her. Does it seem that you have to act really convincingly in placid and hysterical scenes and everything? Everybody in a great movie. If you do not like it? check it out again and see if you have it! If it leaves you unhappy or uncomfortable, or ask questions, then wonder if it was not what the director really was heading for this movie in the first place!
