I love Korean movies, because they have the ability to actually capture real life (just frighteningly). I tend to watch Korean movies just for this reason alone. I've seen these directors before. The one closest to the feelings I've got from this is Oasis and another amazing movie called This Charming Girl. However, my summary of the title is to be from the Christendom perspective, so I'm just going to start doing it instead of just showering with praise. For non-Christian perspectives, director Chang-dong Lee captured an unbiased and almost truly true portrait of the modern Protestant Church (regardless of the denomination) of warts and all. I have always waited for a Christian film that actually portrays the darker niches of church life. Because Christian films tend to speak in a language that differs from those with whom they want to share their faith. Many movies with religious undertones, even if they have good motives, tend to just have a resonance of Disney movie or a special school. He has to show life the way he is. Real people curse, real people desire, real people fall. And although Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are still facing the everyday horrors of this life. And the character of Jeon Jeon is a totally honest and almost brutal depiction of the woman who found God, but because of the life of bitter reality she loses this love to Him that she once had. He does not deny God. It's just that she refuses to accept living with the idea of ​​being a loving and forgiving God. In her decent frontier of morality and madness, her character puts questions that are in every human's mind, religious or not. <br /> <br /> "If God is love, why does he allow such horrible things to happen?" This movie does not match, right. And I believe the last 10 minutes of the film, even if it's open to interpretation, leaves us with a hopeful future for our main character and brings the idea of ​​a "secret sun" in the full circle. <br /> <br /> I do not believe for a moment that this film was trying to be religious, or tried in any way and went for it. There lies the reason why it worked even more. It's real, it's honest. And because of that, it is by far the best sum of the real Christian life I've seen in the movie.
