For the first time, when we sat down with our best friend and watched this movie, we watched for Alex Winter of "Glory Bill & Ted." We did not know what we could expect besides who and what it was. When the movie ended, we knew it was love at first glance. This film, though not entirely historical, was and is the best of his genre. I've seen other movies showing the history of this famous summer, and in my opinion no one else can compare. Some details moved a bit, but the parts did not get rid of the pure elegance and romance of the story. I've seen other movies this summer, and I think most of them are good, but no one is as fascinating as this one. "Haunted Summer" has image features. Colors and settings seem to be something that can be found on canvas, framed and hanging in the museum or on the walls of the eccentric home. The costumes were beautiful, and although I was not the most comfortable clothing in the world, I made myself find a seamstress to create such a garment for myself. The whole movie was built on the scenic Lake Geneva (where I hope to go one day to see the movie) and the peace that is here. <br /> <br /> This film shows, in addition to finding peace, all the escapes of cruel courts in England, the peculiarities that surrounded this adventure. Yes, they were drugs. It was a fairly common practice at the time when drugs were not illegal. And the use of laudanum (liquid opium forms) was therapeutic and recreational. Shelley was consumed. Lord Byron suffered a leg pain. It was not surprising that there were prescribed strong medicines that were available in the summer. And they were poets at a time when experience was key. There was no time for caution. Passion and experience were a great part of the Romanesque era. And from the thoughts and discussions of science, religion and philosophy came the creation of a legend: "Frankenstein." Yes, in this film we see beautiful and liberated Mary Godwin Shelley at the time) played beautiful and talented Alice Krige. She is the controlling factor of all that is happening until she can also experience it. But she stands in his place and experiences things according to her own conditions. Just as the power she inherited from her mother and father. Actors and acting actors were perfect for the gaming they played. Music. Direction captures the essence of summer as I read about it. This film was based on Anne Edwards's wonderful book "Haunted Summer." If you like this movie, read the book. The author makes a story of what she has been able to get together from the current Mary Godwin Shelley magazines and the rest of the story. If you are a person who loves history (even those little inaccuracies from time to time) and romance and gothic, then it is a movie for you. This shows the birth of the monster, which even today teaches us the morals of "playing God". She must definitely see the movie!
