This free adaptation of the novel by Clarence Mulford; Willam Boyd movie fans are likely to feel a bit at sea (and reviews that reflect it here). I first knew about Hopalong from the novels, and I never really cared about Boyd's films as soon as I got to them. Christopher Coppola made a wise choice - he did not make nostalgic "Western"; instead, he approached the Cassidy story as a bit of what we called "Americana"; or what older critics once called the "homepun". As the film broke down, I found out that the great version of "The Hallmark Theater" by Mark Twain, "Roughing It," with James Garner's narrative, is increasingly reminded. Both of these films remind us that although "old west" films are probably mythical to Americans, they may not be "Western"; they can be very good movies just about what it means that at that time it was an American. <br /> <br /> I never feel irritated and I'm watching this movie; is not an effort to push Boyd-Cassidy's inheritance down our throat, no irony, no camp. As a result, I feel like these characters are walking - or riding - on some real Western America that I and I could have been doing a hundred years ago. Because the equality of the film - it positively avoids everything we have come to call "style" - it is all in its favor; and the simple acting of artists is fitting with this right; it is really a feeling that a story told about a camp camp about a cattle cup - no visual dressing, only sadness and good humor - and sudden violence - we expect from a good narrative adventure story. I was very pleasantly surprised by this film, and if the viewer postpones the spell of expectation, he or she will have a great pleasure in it. <br /> <br /> I would give this movie 9 stars, but I'll give it ten, because most reviewers here completely missed the point; and urge them to remember Boyd aside and give this film another chance. Note 1: The reviewer complained that Hopalong shoots people dead in this film, rather than firing weapons from their hands (ala Boyd's Cassidy); Cassidy first shoots people dead in novels; secondly, if Cassidy was a real cowboy, he would have shot people - the problem of shooting weapons from human hands is that they can always get another weapon - which is part of the subtext of this film. <br /> <br /> Note 2: I admit that it is jealous of the Coppola family that they have the director "The Godfather" that can give them the opportunity to make movies that I can not; but good film is a good movie; and that's a good movie. If anyone is under the name of "Coppola", it is just that. America is a country of opportunity (or it was until Bush came into office) - that's what the big American novels are about.
