Paul Verhoeven has one of the most remarkable films of any prominent director: he began filming artistic films in his native Holland before moving to Hollywood, where he began to produce subversive genre songs that are often regarded as mere entertainment by the main crowd. The fourth man from 1983 was the last film he shot before moving to the US and seemed to be a temporary film for him. Since the beginning of the Fourth Man, it is clear that the film will be seen from the viewpoint of the famous, albeit depressed, author of Gerard. In the apparent funeral of Carol Reed, similar to 1949, The Third Man begins a film with an author who sets out on a journey to talk to a bunch of literary enthusiasts. Similar similarities, however, end, since Gerard does not lead to any major complications before arriving in the auditorium, and the speech itself is quite smooth. Despite the relatively easy function that completes this feature, we know the author is somewhat concerned that he has realistic ideas about having murdered his roommate before leaving his home, and he also has an incredible fantasy, including the hotel he sees advertised, and a separate the eyeball grew out of the door's watch. That he sometimes has difficulty keeping his fantasies separate from reality is clearer when the anecdote he tells is exposed as untrue, and admits he "lied to the truth until he knew whether or not he was doing something." It's going to happen. " /> <br /> The fourth man is full of unreal fantasies and dreams, which are even more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen happening, and because they sometimes precede events, it has not yet happened. and a careful style of editing Verhoeven is the most attractive film on this side Do not say now and as the film is full of ambiguity Unlike this film The Fourth Man is also furiously funny because Gerard's deeply held Catholic faith penetrates into all aspects of his life including sexuality Naturally, she associates a female stylist she is familiar with biblical Delilah, even if she feels to remove the even more important symbol of masculinity with the scissors.In the erotic fantasy sequence that would make Luis Buñuel enlighten, he replaces the man who is attracted to the cross of Christ's statue of life. <br /> <br /> The fourth man is a horror film that can bring the viewer into the protagonist's mind while still maintaining a certain ambiguity: Gerard seems to be in danger, but it may be his "lie truth." The film is also full of a gentle and not so subtle visual symbol that helps to make it a unique and satisfying film experience.
