Viewing DE VIERDE MAN (aka ČTVRTÝ MAN) is a slightly disturbing and rather fascinating experience. It's a very tight and intense psychological secret / thriller by Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before he got to a big movie with "free-to-the-Hollywood" - FLESH + BLOOD. In many user reviews on this site, I noticed Alfred Hitchcock. This movie could really be a Hitchcockian, but I also recorded the early Cronenberg touch (visceral), David Lynch's (surrealistic story) visuals, and even Roman Polanski (a plot-wise setting). The funny thing is that the films of those directors I was thinking about watching DE VIERDE MAN were not made until after 1983, the sixth man's release. So go ahead. <br /> <br /> The story of the original novel by Gerard Reva, on which this film is based, is very important. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (suffering writer played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing on the dangerous line of heavy psychosis). Now, someone has stopped thinking about the word "rêve" being French for a "dream"? And the movie features a lot of dream / night fashion sequences, often to the point that you do not always know if Gerard is awake or dreaming. Could it be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite amazing as a front lady (in a rather demanding role). Occasionally it seems to be guilty excessively (gently). But this aspect was obviously deliberately portrayed by the character he is playing, because as you progress this film you are not sure what you think of this lady and her intentions. Again she proves what a great actress is. Maybe I add that the movie contains several scenes showing full front male and female nudity as well as some rather explicit sex scenes (and you even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly planned scenes later filmed for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT). Another aspect of this film is a lot of symbolism and biblical links / images that allegedly hated the film consistently of some conservative / Catholic movement at the time of its European release. Either way, it makes the film a good second watch. Now someone has recently told me that she has serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film allegedly manages to a position where she needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to solve herself. I have great problems with the way Catholicism is, and it is still sometimes depicted in many movies in any genre (not only in terms of religiously motivated horror films). But surprisingly, I had no doubts about the FOUR MAN. Although the painting of the Virgin Mary caused me to scratch my head at one point, I also enjoyed it. I think the keyword I was not worried about is "duality." Because this movie works on two levels. Although "divine intervention" could solve the story line from a protagonist's point of view ... on the other hand: the film suggests that it could have been the crazy whims of a crazy fool. And that's the fun part: You never know for sure. And then there's the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve somehow got distorted visions of next things ... like receiving knowledge? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to trick Christine into believing he is clairvoyant. The way Christine plays in this particular scene is wonderful. Along with a convincing story, convincing acting performances and an appropriate direction, DE VIERDE MAN is really a lot of recommended tracking (especially when you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not dubbed).
