I do not know if I think this is a masterpiece, but it's damn close; it is extremely well done, artistically, exciting, intricately rendered, thematically demanding and full of annoying precursors and sex-religious images. There is also some great camera-work from Jan de Bont, atmospheric score from Loek Dikker and outstanding acting by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter giving one of the most sneaky, gentle "femme fatale" performance I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has an irrepressible, unrecognized attitude to sex, the nakedness and complexity of sexuality, and has zero reservations about mixing everything with religious and / or surrealistic (some would say blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can not bear the idea of ​​seeing a homosexual leader who imagined the subject of his bodily desire as Jesus crucified on the cross before they both appeared in the cemetery, then it might not be a movie for you. What surprised me was how this bizarre film managed to completely avoid being a messy mess. Laughs at the abstract / surrealistic / parallel fantasy-reality scene and somehow it does it all works. Like any good secrets, you can see how the pieces are slowly getting to the place where the movie progresses. There is no solution outside the left array. The film has a direction, it's not an unnecessary filler, and when it's over, you'll begin to understand the purpose of what might be confusing before. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you may like it. <br /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the plot by getting too detailed, but the film is the initial shot - through the web as a spider captures its prey - builds a stage like Krabbé, like the unspoken, complacent, bisexual writer Gerard Reve the name of a writer whose novel is based on this page) goes through a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine Soutendijk, combining androgynous styling with Simone Simon's innocence / cuteness that is quite disturbing) who can literally be a "black widow" responsible for the death of her three previous spouses. They both become lovers and move each other, but we are convinced (despite Christine's bizarre behavior and frequent apparitions of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not actually exist) something worse is being cooked. When new Christine lovers, young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) appear at the house, things have changed unexpectedly. And that's all you need to know. The fourth man was a huge artistic success in many parts of the world, but he did not succeed in the USA until 1984 when he was awarded the awards. Best Foreign Film of the Year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the release of a media that was horribly dubbed. Try to prevent this and search for the newer Anchor Bay release DVDs. Since arriving in America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He has made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some mischievous (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost like the less interesting junior version of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik has also been trying to act in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) have been the best bids she has won, she has gone home to the Netherlands.
