Morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is homosexual, alcoholic and has a frequent vision of death, is invited to give a lecture in Vlissingen linguistic club. While at the train station in Amsterdam, she feels inappropriate attraction to a handsome man who is going to another train. Gerard is introduced to the treasurer of the club and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a rich widow who has the beauty of Sphinx and has one night stand. The next morning Gerard sees Christinin's friend Herman (Thom Hoffman), and he sees him as a man he saw at the train station. She suggests that she bring Herman to her house to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of losing a man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard stays alone in her house. Drinks whiskey and jumps safely and finds three film discs with men's names; he chooses to watch the shots and finds out that Christine has married the three and all died in tragic accidents. Later Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and doubts whether Herman or her convicted fourth husband will be. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "Vierde Man" is another spectacular feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch stage. The story is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build tensions associated with intelligent dialogues; wonderful performance by Jeroen Krabbé as a disturbed alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. Lack of distinction is an open interpretation, as in many European films that examine common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are average directors who use the front nudity of men to promote their films; Paul Verhoeven, however, uses Gerard Reve's nudity as part of the conspiracy and is never aggressive or looking for a sensation. Last but not least; the androgynous beauty of the sexy Renée Soutendijkové fits perfectly into the role of a woman who attracts gay writers. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Name (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The Fourth Man")
