Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to hit "Basic Instinct" is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known to produce somewhat dirty waste films, both in native Holland and in America, and this film is one of the reasons why. The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reva (played by Jeroen Krabbé); homosexual, alcoholic, and a little mad writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. While she meets the seductive Christine Halsslage (Renée Soutendijk), who takes him back to her house to discover a handsome picture of one of her lovers and claims to meet him even if he kills him. <br /> <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven in this movie many times distorts the truth and it ensures that you never know where you are with him. Many of the occurrences in the Fourth Man could be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something completely different, and it keeps the audience at the edge of their seats for the duration, and also makes the movie work like this story it's what it benefits. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to limit himself, and that's one of the things he likes best. This film is a very shocking scene that feels bad to me for several hours (and that will not happen very often!). I do not have to spoil it because it needs a surprising element for work ... but you will see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other scenarios that are less shocking than the one I mentioned, but they are still beautiful; one person is eating lions, the other has pipes sent over his skull, the ship is broken in half ... pretty. Playing in the fourth man is nothing to write about, but it is solid. Jeroen Krabbé keeps the audience's attention and looks at the work as a drunken writer. It's Renée Soutendijk, who is most impressed as a femme fatale in the middle of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone imitates nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original fatale did it the best. Driving Paul Verhoeven is solid as he directs our attention from many perspectives that help create the story's secrets. Verhoeven went on to make some waste, but apparently has talent and it's a shame he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies I've seen is the best and although it may be difficult to meet; trust me, it's worth it.
