A film that can bring you with tears of sadness and tears of joy will be considered a step in the career of a joint filmmaker. Steven Spielberg, probably our biggest story, has been doing it in various movie formats for years. COLOR PURPLE at that time was considered risky, especially after classic events such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. From this point of view, this film should not be a surprise, as Spielberg us in E.T. he called with tears of joy and sorrow. Critics call COLOR PURPLE their entry into the intellectual tariff. It's quite an entrance. No special effects, no crazy crazy stories based on Alice Walker's literary classics. One surprise is how Spielberg could present such a moving film about African-Americans in the deep south. Slavery is gone, but on the south here, it seems as though blacks used other slaves as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always postponed to sentiment his images or add childhood to the audience. It's really the first of the overlooked films in his career that you can not do these observations. It's the first of a series of movies that people have not seen or seen because there are no aliens. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, SCHINDLER LIST, etc. His amazing talent is obvious with this particular picture because A) is used by mostly untrained first actors, B) deals with a topic that was mostly considered unappropriate on the screen. C) it's a pure drama without a string, where the characters grow and change around the passage for about 30 years. It is an almost epic form of appearance and scope, and the fact that it has not won a uniform prize for an Academy of 11 nominations is a trap and insult. Whoopi Goldberg is wonderful as a Passionflower Celia, an unattractive woman, who has been sued by her incestuous father abusing Danny Glover, who knows only as "Mr.". The film follows the path of casual whips and mental torture that goes through the "lady". The PG-13 rated movie is quite open to the sexual issues that the Walker novel has produced. This is not a "burning bed" in Georgia. There is no obvious revenge, as you can expect. It's kind of good. Goldberg perfectly plays a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most amazing and powerful moment of the film comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) separate, perhaps forever. (Probably the precursor of the child and parental holocaust department?) You may need to check the pulse if this sequence does not move you. <br /> <br /> The purple color means the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround the poor. It's really something you live for, but love over all. Spielberg bashers take note: this guy can make an unforgettable classic without cute extraterrestrials. <br /> <br /> EVALUATION: 10 of 10
