This relatively badly named Western series won Emmy as the best syndicated program and is certainly an interesting series. It was made by the Republic, a study that makes action better than anyone, and they have done the best. Each episode was built around the true historical character of the Old West. The detector of the railroad named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness, with the gangsters of the 1920s and 1930s, succeeded in joining almost all the famous Western dogs between the mid 18th and the first world wars. The best benefit of this series was Jim Davis. Tall, robust, robustly-looking, first-class, with an authentic Western accent and great driving skills that made it absolutely convincing in action scenarios, Davis was every inch of the Western hero. He was associated with two beautiful and active stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" during the first season and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during the second. Each of them worked well with Davis. What separated this show from contemporaries and much of what came later was professionalism invested in action scenes. Ace Director William Witney directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. They both shot the action with shine. The Republican large-scale Serial Stock Serial B series and B were used to provide space. The level of individual episodes has risen or dropped with the quality of guest stars brought into play. Among the really good were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid". Western and incoming cream, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, have improved their craft. B veterans with ten years experience under the tracks, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, gave an old leather feel of vintage western. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there were just so many famous Western outlaws. In the second season, celebrity celebrities have become obscure to all the most entertaining historical buffs. However, some of the later performances were a match for all, due to guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed fencer Nate Champion and former star star Don Barry was extraordinary as a little time criminal Milt Sharp. Western fans or lovers of history will want to see.
