This inconspicuous, relatively routine series deserves to be found in books on television history, for two reasons: it first won the Emmy Award for Best Syndicated Series and was the first show to come from Republic Pictures legendary studies known for its low-cost but high- executive filming in the thirties and forties. The Republic was one of the first studies in Hollywood to pop up on a small screen that was still childhood. But studying as a producer of a television console would be short. After this show, they would later dabble with another format, which they were known to, adventure series, with "Commando Cody" as well as other series, but like this, they did not last longer than 39 episodes. The Republic was also in its last stages as an atelier; it would end its holding in Hollywood as a rental stage for several Revue Studio series such as "Soldiers of Fortune", the original "Dragnet" and "Kit Carson", before finally closing the door in 1959. <br /> <br /> Anyway, The Stories of the Century was not so bad because her business card was a story based on authentic characters in Western history, largely banned like Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, Dalton Brothers, and so on. Late Jim Davis, best known for his role as Patriarch Ewing in "Dallas," placed himself in a friendly work in a leading role as Matt Clark, a fictional rail detective who must fight the aforementioned offenders, a veteran and soon - to become legendary acting figures . <br /> <br /> Two wonderful facts here: The incidents will take place at different times, some in the eighties, some at the turn of the century, but Clark never starts. Matt is also lucky to settle down with two beautiful female detectives as helpers, Frankie Adams starring Mary Castle and her replacement Margaret "Jonesy" Jones from Kristin Miller. A lone guard could only wish for a lady's escort. This time you can spend the time with Tonto. <br /> <br /> "Stories of the Century" is Studio City Studio from Republic Pictures Corp. 39 episodes were produced in 1954, all of them 39 in the public domain and DVD.
