Esther Kahn is a young Jewish woman living in a crowded Jewish ghetto in 19th century England. She is surrounded by an emerging, oppressive, spooky, unusual, worn brick architect, narrow corridors and streets, darkened windows and hordes of black-and-brown crowds with cloak. He lives in a small apartment with his big family, who runs the department of clothing in the apartment. As a child, she did not have privacy, she wore a colorless garment, shared a bed, and was silent to avert the mumbles of her mother and siblings who ridiculed her to imitate them from boredom. young woman, her life remains the same - she does not have privacy, she lives in a state of mental and physical hebetude and lethargy and inertia, emits an empty, vague expression, dressed in plain clothes and is constantly oppressed and bruised by gray, secular, massively impressive buildings and narrow streets and narrow corridors and narrow doors and her loudly mature mother and siblings and the prosaic banal lifestyle of her family. a Yiddish theater is a form of soul escape. Sitting on the balcony, front row, leaning on the track, there is a huge space between the mind and the stage, a space that allows it to breathe, think, feel and desire. Freedom of thought open scene ensures Ester, her face and body remain cruelly sleeping, clumsy, discreetly. Simple and social-looking summer Phoenix brilliantly expresses Esther's senseless behavior - Summer / Esther does not say any desire for anything or anticipate anything. After an unusual explosive confrontation with her mother, Esther finally decides to get rid of the bleak life in which she is imprisoned. is eventually cast in smaller parts in several scenic games, and meets Nathan Quellen, the British British actor Ian Holm, who begins to teach Esther's technical ability to act. From this point forward Esther begins the exhausting dual way of learning how to act and learn to feel. <br /> <br /> She begins to experience emotions she never felt before, and she begins to gain the experience she needs to fully understand and master the technical aspects of acting. Nathan passes her through the stage with the physical and emotional steps of surprise, hesitation, anger, disgust, self-defense, etc .; she then begins to walk through these emotions in her personal life. There are three truths, Nathan tells her - the truth about how the character reacts, the truth about how the actor would react, and the truth that the character and the actor are not the same person. These technical steps and three truths slowly deconstruct Esther's defense and lead her to two edifying experiences in film telling that mark the beginning of her free thought, movement and emotions. Esther Kahn is a technically demanding film that can be watched because of its strange and narrow photographs, a faint photographic direction that expresses the realistic gentle ghettos of the ghettos, and the summer Phoenix characteristics of inspirational and inapplicable imagery that perfectly expresses Kahn's mental and physical hebetude and lethargy and insignificant nature . You have to see a movie for people who want to learn the technical craft of acting, and for people who appreciate minimalist fiction and character studies.
