ROUEN PRIZES AND TRIUMPH VILLA PARANOIA A popular film of the general public, in fact more important than the jury prize, was the great star drama Erika Clausen, "Villa Paranoia," which was also selected by the European Youth Jury, indicating its appeal to films of all ages. The following day, director-actor Clausen traveled to the remote town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, at the provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" won three more awards - the best film, a jury; Best film, audience prize; and Best Feature Film Another Youth Jury composed of "lycéens", French secondary school students. Five awards in a single weekend - it's not a bad blade for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded only a week ago by the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, a prominent British actor Ben Sir Kingsley ("Ghandi"), winning a total of six awards a week ago. If Lars van Trier introduced Denmark to a recently released Dogma Cinematic, it is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable crew will soon introduce the world that Denmark has to offer rather than dogmatic disgust, meaning a mass audience cheerful for young and old. In addition, Sonja Richter's lead lead film has such a magical presence on the screen that with somewhat more exposure, she has a good chance of becoming another international scandinavian dive. "Villa Paranoia" is a feature film, written, directed and acting by Mr. Clausen, and using certain motifs from Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a deeply blessed role in Moliere, and has declined to produce a totally stupid TV commercial chicken, is on the verge of suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a massive chicken farm that sponsors a place, offers her room and dining work to take care of her ruthless, senile, turning father Walentin, who has committed suicide a year ago from his wife Stella. Anna is the only one who finally finds a way to communicate with the enemy's silent old grouch - and in addition, he discovers that he has been showing deafness and immobility for years - the living "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead to the greatest role of his own life, to reveal the dark secret that led to Walentin's complete departure from life and reality. Villa Paradise-Paranoia, the true Moliere tradition, from which it is partly derived, is a heart-shaped, multi-layered, comic series of psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone, and only needs the right location to achieve the general international reach it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / 21 MARCH 2005
