Undoubtedly, one of John Ford's great compositions, young Mr. Lincoln, did not appear at the time of his initial release, no wonder since 1939 had released many of the greatest movies in the history of cinema, including the best Western in genre history, John Ford Ford Love Magazine Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith goes to Washington, which won the Oscar in the only category nominated by young Mr. Lincoln, an original script. <br /> <br /> Still was the most underestimated Ford movie that was forever destined to disappear in the shadow of other John Ford masterpieces many years ago, but in the late 1950s Americans and European film critics and historians held a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about young Mr. Lincoln, where he praised him and admitted that if he had only the opportunity to direct any American film ever created, it would certainly be John Ford's Young Pan Lincoln. Owing to such an undeniable preference from Eisenstein, critics have begun to see the film again, but with only a few other eyes and the reputation of the film has grown ever since. <br /> <br /> It was the first time that the life of one of the most popular US presidents got on the screen. Just in the early 1930s Griffith did in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as Ford's film, MGM released by John Cromwell's one named Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Interestingly, both were based on the very successful Broadway Stage Play, which appeared in 1938 and was written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to life and deeds and even the death of mythical Lincoln characters in several directorial works such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of the Shark Island, as young Mr. Lincoln, uses Lincoln's favorite song, Dixie, as the main musical theme. The scenario based on the previously mentioned Stage Play and Lincoln biographies was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford, which was a rather rare thing for Ford, but the ultimate result was simply great - a script combining elements of the game with several historical facts as well as myths and legends Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice culminated in a merry, but mostly heartbreaking test scene, the highest point of the film and the main laugh and tear generator, where Lincoln defends two young brothers accused of murder and has to root out to help their mother as well, as a witness and where the prosecuting prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) asks her to state which of her sons she actually committed murder, obviously forces her to make the choice of sentencing to death and letting her live the other. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a very moving, hearty and even entertaining film with just a great performance from Henry Fonda in the highest feature of Abraham Lincoln and the stunning wealth of other characters, no matter how small or how big they are embodied in a gorgeous and intelligent script, and led by John Ford's genius ability in one of his best deliveries at all. Surely he has to see for everyone. 10/10
