What I can do is what the director's intuition can bring to the material that needs just the right move in the right direction. Young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some "old-fashioned" values, which, despite the two-dimensional imagery, are at least more feasible than could be seen on paper in contemporary cinematography. What makes it work as impeccably as it does, in its simplicity and grandeur is that it is really a great court drama in the form of a lesson history. we all know that Abraham Lincoln as the 16th President who made emancipation and after the civil war was assassinated. But as a lawyer in his previous years he was charismatic, funny at the most unexpected places and a real gentleman. He is not a superhero who can not do anything wrong (which was Fonda's only concern in front of this part), but a character with possible shortcomings that are overcome by his innate good character and a clear view of the right and wrong. <br /> <br /> It is enough to say that John Ford is an extraordinary storyteller almost without trial. In fact, it's a lie, it's trying, but it's a little effortless in the studio system; worked independently, while at the same time he was pleased with Zanuck, so he was largely left alone on his brief practices in "camera editing" and did not move so that he did not get away from the story. It is the power of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with material, as a kind of companion to the American American in 1939, as seen by Mr Smith in Washington (here it is a law, not a politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is a great leader - his first Ford - and never lets us lose sight of Lincoln's make-up and extra head in the shoes. Fonda's own personality, in a sense, like in the case of grapes of wrath and my darling Clementine, comes out in the character of Lincoln. Although it would be unlikely, there would be no one else who could play it: he is mature and wise, but he has the idea that in this case he will turn out to be a complicated governor-but-but-did-murder only in small pieces , as the last shot that overlaps Lincoln, who overlooks this great scene with his memorial and a few small cases, seems to be quite late. As for the goals set out with young Mr. Lincoln, everyone has met Ford and his crew and occupants; it's not as hokey as anyone might think it is, and has a strong balance of humor and real pathos.
