Young Mr. Lincoln presents the first film of director / star collaboration of John Ford and Henry Fondu. I remember that Fonda years ago said that as a young actor he is naturally nervous when he plays Abraham Lincoln and is afraid he will not face this challenge. John Ford reassured him before he started filming that he would not play the Grand Emancipator, but only a leg-driver at his feet. When Fonda settled, he headed the film that John Ford directed into the classic movie. It's not Lincoln biography. It came earlier in the sound age with Walter Huston and one year after Mr. Lincoln's youngster Raymond Massey made the Pulitzer Prize win by Robert Sherwood Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Massey is still a definitive Lincoln. But as Ford said, Fonda did not play the Grand Emancipator, just a small town lawyer in Illinois. The film includes about ten years of Lincoln's life. We see him as he goes out in the general store, he gets some laws from the pioneering immigrant family, who will return to the story later. And his romance with Ann Rutledge with her premature death leaving Lincoln the most melancholy creature. Fast forward for about 10 years and Lincoln is now a handsome attorney is starting to get some notice. There have been several deadlines in the legislature, but he is back in private practice, but he is not sure if politics is for him. <br /> <br /> This is where most of the action takes place. The two sons of this family got the scouts back when they were accused of murder. It offers them protection. Not a common murder, but one of the deputy sheriff. The test itself is fiction, but the gambit used in the defense of Richard Cromwell and Eddie Quillan, who played two sons, is based on the real case that Lincoln advocated. I do not want to say another. Other than the performances, the great strength of young Mr. Lincoln is the way John Ford captures the mood and atmosphere and setting of a small Illinois premium city in the fourth July celebration. It's almost as if you were looking at the news. And that was the mood of the country itself, young, lively and growing. John Ford's film fans will recognize two musical themes that were repeated in later films. During the romantic Interlude at the Beginning with the Fund and Pauline Moore, played by Ann Rutledge, background music is the same theme used in The Who Who Shot Liberty Valance for Vera Miles. And on the dance, Lovely Melody Susan Brown, that Fonda and Marjorie Weaver, who plays Mary Todd, are the same as Fonda danced with Cathy Downs, in My Darling Clementine for a dance to raise a church in Tombstone. <br /> <br /> Lincoln will always be a favorite subject of biographers and dramatists for two reasons, I believe. The first is that it is a living incarnation of our own American mythology that people who, from their own efforts, emerge from the very bottom to the peak of power. In fact, the young Mr. Lincoln very graphically shows the background from which Lincoln comes from. And secondly, the fact that he was our president at the time of the greatest crisis in American history, and that he had done a particularly good and moral decision to free slaves during the civil war, even for some necessary political reasons. His murder secured his place in history. In addition to Fonda and others I mentioned, Fred Kohler, Jr. and Ward Bond, both cities, Kohler is the victim of the murder, and Unite the chief prosecutor. Also Donald Meek as Prosecutor and Alice Brady in what turned out to be her last film as the pioneering mother of Cromwell and Quillana. A very nice performance by Spencer Charters, which specialized in rustic figures as a judge. For a movie that captures drama and romance when set, you can not do better than young Mr. Lincoln.
