1939 is world-renowned as the greatest year in Hollywood history, with more classical films released than others, and John Ford has directed three of the best "Stagecoach", "Drums Along the Mohawk" and this beautiful tribute to the borderlines and "Young Mr. Lincoln". When the world plunged into a war that worried America, but knew it was going to be drawn, Abraham Lincoln was a lot of human mind, in 1939, as someone who faced the same dilemma in his own life, and triumphant. He was awarded "Abe Lincoln in Illinois" by director Robert E. Sherwood with a physically exhausted Raymond Massey picture in packed houses (filmed in 1940) on Broadway. Carl Sandburg continued his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The War Years," and quickly became a bestseller. President Roosevelt often referred to Lincoln in the speeches, and the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC, became the most popular landmark in the city (a fact that Frank Capra had made good use of in "Mr. Smith is going to Washington"). /> <br /> It was not lost on Darryl F. Zanuck in the 20th Century Fox; when he read Lamar Trotti's Lincoln Morning Screenplay as a lawyer, he described it as a "prestigious" production and assigned John Ford to drive and Henry Fonda to play. Fonda NE wants to play Lincoln; he felt he could not justify the "great emancipator" and feared that poor performance would damage his career. Even the filming of a makeup test, in which he was amazed at how much he would resemble Lincoln, would not change. According to the John Ford Fund, with whom he never worked, he banged his head at the first meeting, explaining that he was not representing Lincoln of Legend, but a young "jackanape" country lawyer who faced his first murder trial. Poor, Fonda took the role. (John Ford offered a different event scenario, but the result was the same!) We found out that chemistry is working together because almost all of their pairing would create 'classic'. <br /> <br /> Unlike the introverted Lincoln from Linne's "Abe Lincoln in Illinois," in which Linann was introverted, Ford's vision was a shy but sympathetic young lawyer who easily joined with friends and missed a mother he had lost, too young (which led to a connection with the pioneering mother becoming an important part of the story). Unrighteousness conceals him, and he speaks "common sense" to suppress violence, interleaved with humor. Both productions play Lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; in the Ford version a couple are really in love and dedicated to one another. After her death, Lincoln often attended her grave and shared her life with a "spirit" (Ford theme would continue in "She Wore and Yellow Strike"). The murder trial is the focal point of the film and shows the tremendous talents of the star and the director. Fonda politely portrays Lincoln's inexperience, and yet he has promised earnest faith in mercy, and Ford highlights the differences between the big city intellectuals (represented by the pompous DA Donald Mek and his reassuring "counselor" Stephen Douglas playing young Milburn Stone) and the informal, Lincoln. With the normal 'Ward Bond Ford' as a key witness, the trial is unconventional and riveting. With film closure, as Lincoln retreats to the stormy distance and his destiny (dissolving from a statue in the Lincoln Memorial), the listeners could listen to the film in the film that if the cause is fair, then good would eventually have a triumph. "Young Mr. Lincoln" is really a remarkable movie from a wonderful year!
