In his otherwise excellent Lincoln book in American memory, historian Merrill Peterson calls young Mr. Lincoln a "boring, horrible film". This amazingly poor analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely critical film critics. I'm working on the doctoral dissertation of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing a dissertation, I carefully analyzed this film and the excellent interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in my key book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln performs, which culminated in the first phase of Ford's 1939 film. In the greatest Hollywood era, director Ford directed three outstanding, not yet fully appreciated films: the Mohawk, Stagecoach, and the young Mr. Lincoln. Perhaps it may seem odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but all but criticism of criticism must perceive that it is one of the greatest westerns and maybe even one of the 100 greatest films of all time. However, what is not fully appreciated lies in the fact that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - in fact, it is a triptych. Ford on the screen creates a mythical history of America. The Mohawk drums are revolutionary wars. Young Mr.Lincoln is a pre-civil war America.Finally, Stagecoach is the post civil war America. What the three films have in common is that they are a widespread meditation on American Adam and his "torch in the wilderness." What are the psychological and social costs of America's apparent fate, as America is trying to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the path of America when it seeks to reconcile civilization impulse (law) with freedom of wilderness. Mr. Lincoln is not history, (he is full of historical "bushes" - as Ford and Trotti knew well), but a myth. It is Lincoln, a symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, a man of wilderness, striving to establish a civilization within himself and becoming a "notable legislator" of young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not a story like James Agee's long forgotten teleplay about Lincoln, and like Sandburg's biography, it's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
