Legend of Zu I remember the original Zu Warriors Tsui Hark, which was done 18 years ago. More than one Christmas, in a rare week when Channel 4 in the UK showed a week of Hong Kong movies, Zu Warriors was so entranced by a very young spectator and his brother and was so remembered that he was etched into the memory of the now grown-up sprog ... In fact, I think the original Zu Warriors is one of the first films I've seen as a child that I can clearly remember the story and the action scene. And memories of seeing Yuen Biao, Sammo Hung and others in their classic premiere. So when I saw this remake of Zu Warriors, there was a feeling of concern. Could it beat the dream children's memories I had about the original, or follow the path of other remakes and die deaths more terrible than the unfortunate, and their broken throats can be found in those kung-fu movies? <br /> <br /> The answer is that I can not say. But that was because it was not really a remake. Stories (and styles) are almost entirely different. Legend of Zu tells of the story of King Sky, a solitary warrior whose master Dawn declares his love for him, but her life is taken from her by a monster called insomnia. Two hundred years later, Insomnia returns, Dawn is reincarnated as Enigma, and Insomnia returns to destroy Zu. Meanwhile, White Eyebrows and Red are trying to stop insomnia with the help of King Sky. The conspiracy is not one full twist, but it has enough detail to be interested. But I see this movie as one you either love or hate. The film is about special effects, most of which include several computer-generated environments, like The Storm Riders and The Man Calling Hero. But unlike the other two, this movie was the one that did not move the graphics and the whole thing was tasteful. Nothing appeared submerged - unlike the hero. Fundamentals were complementary to acting, and they did not die at all. The story also includes a lot of characters and the connection of so many personalities makes the film interesting. It was probably on the verge of "too many chefs", but in general each character had a role in the story. But some of the roles seem to me to be "prolonged portraits," and I kinda questioned the need for it. <br /> <br /> Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo play a very central role in the film, but I could not say that this film showed its best performances. It seems that Cecilia Cheung at least matured in her acting, but she is still quite raw. Kelly Lin was a new revelation to me. Despite my very short role I apologize and admit it to the ogling! Overall, I have to say that I enjoy using this movie just as I enjoyed the "original". Since both films make up the legendary Tsui Hark, the two films are part of a chronicle that shows how Hong Kong's film production has changed over two decades. And one beauty is the fact that in fact you can not compare both films at all, just like apples are apples and pears are pears. Ultimately, both thoroughly enjoyable movies are in their own right. And I'm going back to remind myself that I've been watching the original again. <br /> <br /> Two to watch but not to compare.
