<br /> <br /> Have you ever felt as though you were being watched as if someone held cards on any movement you did? Just remember before you decide to violate the law that the FBI will always be there. At least that's the feeling you get after watching a gripping but slightly mild crime, the FBI story. He follows the organization's roots from a small office to one of the most modern facilities in the world (in 1959), telling the story through the eyes of one of his agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> <br /> Chip has been with the FBI since the first day, and he is happy to do his job over everyone else in the world, even occasionally with his family. The story of the FBI tracks his life by showing what he does as an agent and how he affects his personal life. The film does a great job showing how the FBI is dealing with and how it is handled. Spectators are interviewed with Ku Klux Klan's Chip stops, go into secrecy to resolve the Indian murderous / property scandal, bring refugees in custody, rescue hostages, and help fight in World War II. He even helped bring communist spies to justice. Stewart, in a rather complicated performance, is stellar (as always) as a slightly neurotic agent who loves his work a little too much. One of the best parts of this film is that we see the internal functioning of Chip's family life and his work. We testify to him that he suffers the death of his best friend and then his son. We also notice that his wife has an abortion, and his marriage has rocky times. Almost all of his personal problems are caused by the love of his work. Vera Miles makes stains, but it's very convincing. She had never been a great actress, but she always appeared very attractive and tempting. Well, maybe I'm just me? Obviously, none of the other performances are worth mentioning, but the story of hovercraft has managed to keep an extraordinary interest. The cinematography of this film was impressive, especially scenes in the South American jungles. All the colors had a structure that really set the atmosphere of the film. Perhaps the biggest part of this film was the great direction of Mervyna Leroy. Every scene was so fluid that they just went to tell a great story. It's full of genius camera shots, some with a very hitchcock feel. Overall, the FBI Story is a spectacular but overlooked film. After two and a half hours, some viewers may be intimidated, but if you get a chance, I suggest you jump into this. I really enjoyed the amazing performance of Jimmy Stewart and the captivating story.
