In the tradition of G-Men, House on the 92nd Street, Street With No Name, the FBI Story is now one of those carefully controlled films that the Federal Office has shown in the best light. While it is alive for twenty-four-year-old director Edward Hoover, it would not be in any other light. The Don Whitehead book on which this film is based is a straightforward history of the presidency since its founding in 1907 until the release of FBI Story. It is important to remember that the FBI was there before J. Edgar Hoover headed it. Some of those times are also included in the movie. But Warner Brothers did not make a document so the FBI would get meat and blood, the fictional character of John 'Chip' Hardesty was created. Hardesty, played by James Stewart, is a FBI career who graduated from a law school and, rather than go into practice, took up work with the Bureau in the early 1920s. In the real life of the Bureau, William J Burns led private detective agency Burns. In fact, it was a brutal political operation, as seen in the film. Burns was on the edge of Scandals Harding's administration. When Hoover was appointed in 1924 to bring professional law enforcement techniques and strict standards of competence, he did just that. <br /> <br /> Through the Hardesty family, Stewart and wife Vera Miles, we see the FBI's history. Additionally, we see a lot of their personal family history that is fully integrated into the story of the FBI itself. Stewart and Miles are certainly all American couples. We are following the FBI in some cases where Stewart deals, arresting Ku Klux Klan members, spitting out the murder of oil-rich Indians, reducing the notorious criminals of the 1930s, their involvement with the imprisoned Nazi sympathizers in the Second World War, and the Cold War espionage against Communists. There is a certain kind of prologue where Stewart tells the class at the FBI Academy before going into the history of the Bureau as he interferes with his own. This is a bomb that was placed on the airline by a son who had bought a lot of life insurance from his mother before the mother. Nick Adams gives you lungs as a perpetrator, and the story is sad today. <br /> <br /> Of course, if the FBI Story were written and produced today, it reflects something different and not all American. Still, the FBI does not have a story to say, and it is by no means negative. FBI Story is not one of Jimmy Stewart's best movies, but it's the first I've ever seen with my favorite actor in it, so it's a great hobby for me. If the whole FBI was assembled by Jimmy Stewarts, I feel much better. There is also a good performance by Murray Hamilton as his friend and co-worker agent who is killed in a shootout with Baby Face Nelson. Vera Miles not only married Stewart, she actually married the FBI as a film demonstrates. It's mostly dated but still has a good and interesting story.
