It's a fun "history" of the FBI, but it should be considered a fiction, because that's exactly what it is. What else could be when Mr. Edgar Hoover personally approved and played a role in production. James Stewart, as always, is always an excellent and supportive cast, with the exception of the hopeless Vera Mile, is good. Murray Hamilton is particularly good at supporting Stewart's partner and best friend. The FBI's successes that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is important is what misses it. One of the most frightening parts of the film is the display of John Dillinger's killing. It's portrayed quite as it did, but Melvin Purvis, the Chicago Bureau chief who led the operation, does not even think of it at all. Instead, the operation is displayed as if the fictitious Chip Hardesty triggered it. It was said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that Purvis had given Dillinger's death; Purvis was then transferred to a remote base and shortly afterwards left the FBI. This is undoubtedly the reason why Purvis never mentioned the movie. But this viewer at least stopped to think that if Purvis were treated in this way, and what all the agents who had led all the other operations that were shown in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty. The film is probably accurate in the FBI's performance until the end of the Second World War. After this moment, however, the film could believe that the only threat the US faces is international communism, which Hoover has no doubt believed. It does not matter mafia. It does not matter the lynching that is still happening in the south. It does not matter that the Blacks were intimidated to prevent them from voting in most of the South. I do not know if the FBI started listening to Martin Luther King at the time this movie was made, but if not, it was not too long before it started. <br /> <br /> As I said from the beginning, it's pretty good fun, but it should be considered as a disinfected ficcialization that is.
