The second years really suffer from some of these aspects of mini-series or other kinds of television documentaries that are repeated over and over again for several weeks on TV. In fact, it is not long enough. All the major bases in the decades are included and they are all interesting as seen in postmodern history and from different perspectives. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least what is covered at times is once given when it deserves more time. For example, information and details about the third part of the whole process and the business of transporting large amounts of drugs themselves (partly marijuana, later cocaine) are really well presented, but there are other details that are kept as instructed how much time to cover. Overall, although the document demonstrates enough light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, upper classes and lower classes and in the suburbs all felt a wave of different drugs over the years and mutual interplay among all was very obvious. No one in the movie - except for the little hint of a pot) - goes directly to support the drug, but what appears to be those in archive clips about the honesty of what is sometimes fun and then tragic,. The performance of various determined, ridiculously cracked officials aggravates hard points - even in such an overview of drug cultures and the links of America as a whole - because there really is only one major point made by one of the respondents several times. The only way to really approach the issue of drugs is not "just say no" because, as the war on drugs has shown, it is not as effective as the idea. In fact, it is simply pure from all sides about all medicines and people who can hypocritically treat them (like oxycontin, for example, continues on the market). Is it with great interest and depth of Ken Burns' documentary? No, but for some summer television tours for young people (ie My Age), who will consider much of this to be an almost ancient history, though most of them are no more than before generations, as well as for the "old" who can reflect on several decades later about big peaks, careless times, and then about disillusioning more promoted the same media that had been propagating and promoting for years. There are those who can find a document that is particularly concerned, which is not entirely untrue, but attempts to get enough different shots of social, political and entertainment conditions of drug-binding (for better or apparently worse), a fascinating view.
