May and her husband attend their children and grandchildren. The visit is unpleasant because grandchildren and "children" do not seem to know each other as they might expect. The heat that should be there is missing. After dinner, May's husband says she does not feel good, she blames it from your daughter, and says irritably she wants to go home. Tonight he will die. <br /> <br /> May, now a widow, is lost. She certainly did not have a passionate marriage or a very interesting marriage, but she had a purpose. She had someone who needed her, and although her own needs had passed through years, she had something to do with her. It is depressed and unmotivated. She walks with her daughter, Paul, who shortly after the arrival of her mother allows her mother to know that she never felt that her mother had ever succeeded. She gets rid of her anger over her mother's lack of care. May seems to be disarmed and surprised, but it also does not seem to have the energy or the desire really right. "I am your mother and I love you." What does he really say? (I've heard it from my own mother too many times and I still have to figure out what it means.) Paula is a bit (well, more than a little) neurotic. Both women are needed, although they show it very differently. Paula joined the story of her son, Darren, who works in houses owned by her son. While Paula is working during the day, May begins to have interviews and lunch with Darre. Darren is a married man who has stayed with his wife because of their autistic son Nicky, but probably does not live in a household with his wife. She can be attracted to Darren because she is masculine and she has a connection they seem to have. Darren is attracted to May because she offers some kind of peace and understanding that she is not getting away from other women in his life. (He is also interested in the money that May has to say that he can give him "to get away from it all", though he does not seem to care about the desire to join him on such a journey, during the day, and has little fulfillment as a woman she did not know for years, nor did she ever expect her to know again. As her daughter Paul often told her to leave Darren's marriage, she became part of the May rationalization, what she was doing was ok. In the written group that Paul is leading, May is introduced, rather forced to meet a widow with whom he is not attracted to an elderly man who apparently barely can perform, and that is really painful and disturbing because we see total disgust on the face of May, Paula finally discovers some very graphic sketches of her mother who really were her mother and Darren sex. <br /> <br /> This film will undoubtedly see many of the many ways. At one point, during Paul's written group, May may reveal by a short essay that she felt she had hated her in the end, and after going to sleep she would go to pubs and make sure she would return home to her husband. <br /> <br /> It is clear that a good mother does not think she leaves the kids alone when she goes to a local pub. But May also found in the movie that her husband does not like having some friends, so she did not. She did what she wanted to do. She was unhappy, but she was doing it because, she said, "it was easier." So, while May was not the best mother, for those who wanted to concentrate on her, we could see that she had May's actions as an act of a woman who wanted to be sexually and live "in a few minutes" in her life. A woman who just wanted someone to listen to her to recognize her as a human being to have a friend and a lover. Paula, even though she was neurotic and unhappy, may have been, the more distant parents who picked her up. Of course, it is not difficult to understand why Paul feels totally betrayal of her mother. It's a well done film with more complexity than I mentioned, and certainly what left the viewer many, perhaps conflicting, reactions. It's a movie that's worth discussing and debating, and above all, it's worth seeing. One thing the film leaves is the horror and the fear of lonely life. Regardless of who is considered to be "right" or considered to be "bad" by every viewer, the theme of old age and loneliness that causes fear in most of us is inevitable.
