While movie titles contain the word "Mother," the first thing that comes to us is mother love for her children. However, the Mother tells another story. <br /> <br /> Mother does not talk about love between mother and her child, or how she sacrifices herself to her child. Here, Notting Hill Director Roger Michell tells us how mother love to a man about half of her age hurts people around her. Before Daniel Craig takes over the role of James Bond, Darren plays a man who helps to renovate the house of his mother and sleep with his daughter. Anne Reid, a well-known face in television series, takes on the challenging role of a leading character, May. The story begins in May when she cope with the sudden loss of her husband Toots. family visit of her son, Bobby. While associating with Darre, a guard who carried out some reconstruction at the Bobby House, she was shocked to discover that her daughter, Paul, had slept with Darren. At the same time, May was struggling with life after Toots's death. Afraid that Harry and Paula do not want her, May starts looking for her life that would be gone until she spends her afternoon with Darren. Darren was kind and friendly to May, and May soon finds some affection for Darren. Instead of being treated as a friend, she treated a man who was about half the age, with love for a couple. She later found sexual pleasure from Darren, where she gave her a joy she had never found anyone. And that is the beginning of a disaster that could lead to the breakup of the family. The mother examines the inner world of the widow who wanted to try something she never had in her life, and the comfort of someone there for her to have a shoulder. This can be said from May to buy tea refreshments for Darren to meet the sexual needs of a younger person than she, where she eventually gave her more than she negotiated for. Anne Reid made a breakthrough for her role as May, as she was previously well known for her various role in television series. Because she does not have too many films in her career, Mother has criticized her. On the contrary, Daniel Craig played a similar role in his film career, such as Sylvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If James Bond's replication role fails, film reviewers should not forget that he has a better performance in small productions in his film career years, and Mother is one of them. <br /> <br /> Mother does not have to be everyone's favorite, but it's definitely not your usual matinee show to go with tea and cakes, accompanied by butter and jam.
