What a moving movie. I have a dear friend who is in her sixties and has told me in the last 15 years that people will not see her anymore and long for the team. When I'm 40, I'm starting to see what he's complaining about. You are no longer young, beautiful and untouchable. When May says, "... this pile of body ..." wow. How our body changes and how we are told it is no longer beautiful. I love when he starts to change what he has ... a colorful scarf ... no longer a dwarf woman. It's a sad and beautiful picture at the same time. Sad to betray the trust of her daughter ... beautiful by being in the affliction of the affair, deciding to continue and eventually having her own life. I love characters that dare to even initiate a love affair. Mostly I love the film, because it is finally an image that shows the complex nature of relationships, whether family or not. We see that Paul is vulnerable, yet he will have everything he wants at any price ... (when he tells his mom that he will have a baby for Darren if she wants to or not, because her mother asks if Darren even wants a baby). The film captures the signs of how relationships can change, yet reveals what has been there all the time, asleep. May suppressed her own creativity to create a family. The family she did not want was "something you did when you were young". I love the scene when Darren calls her an old cake, and she smiles and says, "I've never said it before." It was really the gem of the movie. And Daniel Craig. Well, I just love him. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is it pleasant in the eyes, it's a real talent. What a neat role. It is much more than any other 007 that is sure and I'm looking forward to seeing it in more roles of this nature. The scene in which the pleasure of May and the look she gives her is a little weird to have such control over this woman, and it is a pleasure to give her that. He really enjoys enjoying it. Great scene. The contrast is a love scene with Bruce. Bruce is completely absorbed in his own pleasure ... two completely different men. <br /> <br /> Ales ... I wonder where my Darren is?
