At the beginning of the film we watch how May and Toots are preparing to travel to London to visit their adult children. I see that Toots is not in the best condition, but goes on. When he suddenly dies, May's world begins to get out of control. The film directed by director Roger Michell on Hanif Kureshi's screen is a study of how this mother will take care of her new status in life and awakening to a world that she does not even know that she has existed until today. May's life as a suburban wife was probably boring. Obviously, her sexual life was almost nothing. We learn that he has a short extramarital affair, then nothing at all. When May loses her husband, she can not go home, so instead she cares for her grandson in her daughter's home. In this setting begins May after the young and sympathetic Darren, her daughter's occasional lover. Darren awakes in May as a passion she never knew. It can react by changing before the eyes. May, who is mad at the start of the movie, suddenly starts dressing up and becomes an interesting and attractive woman. She ends up falling down the heels above her heels with this young man who keeps her filled with a passion she never felt before. When I met a couple of cases similar to this story, it was no surprise to watch the Maya reaction. Her own chance for a normal relationship with Bruce, the widow, ends frustrating for May, who realizes how much sex is with Darren. The younger man, as we think, is only on this matter to make sure he can make money from May. Finally, daughter, Helena finds out what mom does behind her back when she finds erotic pictures that her mother did. The film is the triumph of the director. In Anne Reid, Mr. Michell found an extraordinary actress that brings so much to the role of May. Also amazing is Daniel Craig. He knows how Darren responds to the situation. Anna Anna Wilson Jones as Helenka is also vital to the story, because she is the one to confront mother with what's going on behind her back. Oliver Ford Davies plays a small role as Bruce the older man in the Helen class and is quite effective. The film is enriching for those who will see it with an open mind. <br /> <br />
