[WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILS] <br /> <br /> I have an adult girlfriend that her parents seem to have sex is terribly restless. She came to my mind when I thought about the reaction of the audience to "The Mother." People were breathing when May (Anne Reid) was passionately wrapped up in bed with a younger lover lover, Darre (Daniel Craig) or later she saw sexually explicit drawings in May. I doubt the audience is horrified at the nudity or content of the drawings, as well as feeling uncomfortable looking at a 60-year-old woman who enjoys sex. "My Beautiful Son of the Fanatic," "My Beautiful Son of the Fanatic," is once again proving why he is one of the most popular stories on both sides of the Atlantic, and his story is not an easy one, and this wild family run is not a movie that you can claim you like watching because it's raw, complicated and often very uncomfortable, but it's really a good thing. "Kureishi and Roger Michell (who led" Notting Hill "of all things) create a portrait of an older woman who does not realize In the amazing epiphany when her son, Bobby, asks her not to be difficult, she can shoot back: "Why not?" Why not, really. Anne Reid deserves an Oscar nomination for her Turning Reid in May, when she watches Darren and Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) in a seemingly gentle, reluctant, powerful and sad, often all at the same time. or when he asks Paula to open the front door after a catastrophic date.Reid's eyes and face revealed all the May desperation and despair. The movie is the most devastating moment, May falls to his knees before Darren, willing to do anything for him, just ask him to be kind. This is an extremely lively performance of a prominent actress. I enjoyed Michelle's use of natural sound, especially when Bobby and May and Toots get first. They have perfectly illustrated the cacophony around May and Toots, which is the dubious way their family welcomes them. This film has sometimes reminded me of the honesty and stupidity of Mike Leigh's work, except for "The Mother" hanging on a slight feeling of optimism to keep on the surface. Annoyance: Michelle's decision to give May and Darren's first love scene almost syrian sensitivity. Lovers remain out of focus, while in the foreground the white curtain gently flies in the wind. And the only sound is in May in the horrors of passion. The problem with Michelle's approach is that both Reid and Craig, who completely surrounds the role of Darren, are so recklessly turning into these roles, it is unfair to hide the almost wild primitive energy of their listeners. Especially because Michell has no difficulty in having the later sex scenes visceral. This film does not have immensely sympathetic figures. We have sympathy with May, but she also causes her daughter's suffering. But I doubt that Kureshi thought people with a nice story. I think his thing is to reveal a family that is already bursting when something emotionally catastrophic happens. It is unwavering in its sincerity and ultimately unforgettable.
