It is hard to imagine that a director capable of such crazy crap as "Notting Hill" pulls something as sensitive and attractive as this, but well, there is evidence and it is quite convincing. Several mentioned TV drama and yes, it's seventy years of Play for Today feeling it's occasionally but it's always a cutout above, especially I think thanks to some very superlative acting by Anne Reid and the fine script that shadow-boxes with cliché, without anyone getting into the nose, except maybe at the end. (I did not like watching the indifferent farewell in the corridor or the oh-what-and-beautiful morning final scene: it deserved more studied finals than I guess after this hard work, business was a bit OTT too, for reflection). What I mean to avoid cliché: Well, for one, I had a dive expectation that a "mature" man May's daughter would try to establish her to be deployed in two dimensions as a repulsive old drill to make the contrast more painful with an attractive a young man with whom he unconsciously competes. Instead, we get an unexpectedly gentle and sympathetic portrait of a lonely, clumsy, not very dissimilar and very human person, who nevertheless has no idea of ​​a woman's enjoyment. There was room around and I started sitting and paying more attention. Here was a script that let the actor breathe and do something interesting with relatively small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this direction (minus the invented cathars that inexplicably apply to). And, of course, I was, as they were all likely, anxious about what Anne Reid is doing with her character and her body. She is / is not a "suppressed, conscientious woman in the house that first appears", it is too much of a simplifying character of our position. Again and again, there are hints about being a "bad housewife", not to mention the thing she does with the trays, trying to look good and pleasant and just trying to make it look awkward. Her daughter accuses her of "sitting in front of the TV all day" instead of whatever she might expect her mother's duty to do: she has no answer. She had never been a model to be a wife and a mother, at least not in her own way - that's the place where there was a lot of sadness, a sense of something that wasted a waste of life and trying to fill a role that was simply not good.
