Children - at any age - do not want to know about their parents' sexual life. Adult children are often seriously confused and concerned about any evidence that an aging parent has an active libido. Finally, many viewers are very uncomfortable looking at a thin and frustrated widow who would almost certainly have noticed her painful ability and the need for a raw passion with a handsome man at the middle age. "Mother" is a provocative look at barely filmed reality - a woman who is not ready to stay at home, watch "on television" and grow up for her husband for almost three decades, and the governing, dominating guy is wrapping her with a massive heart. <br /> <br /> May (Anne Reid) and her husband have two children, each of which is malfunctioning in their own way. A male son lives with a beautiful wife who can lead him to a bankruptcy court with his extravagant business plan. Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) is a teacher with aspirations to succeed as a writer. She's attractive, she's not pretty, and she seems to have a very close relationship with her mother - at first. When she returns home after her husband's funeral, May decides she will not stay there. Rejects a typical widow with her legacy of boring days and without adventures, and walks with Paul, who has a small son. Paulin's friend, Darren (Daniel Craig), is a robust, handsome contractor who seems to take a very long time to complete the addition to the Maya son's house. May is quite accustomed to the hard drink, the coke-sipping Darren, whose treatment Paul should point out that he is certainly a member of the Kadal Academy of Kad. <br /> <br /> What follows is the cruel affair between Darren and the flaw that is overcrowded and now buzzing alive (I dare say reborn). The hunting scenes are graphic, but they occupy second place with the amateur artist May's pen and ink sketches of their flashes, which then play a role in dramatic drama (or debacle, pick up). The Manhattan Theater was packed for today's early afternoon and showed more than half of the audience in May. The fact that some were shocked or upset when they saw that they were rejecting erotic abandonment in the arms of a much younger man is an understatement. <br /> <br /> This frankly sincere view of the waking passion of a senior woman, after decades of obedient listening to her husband's desire to stay at home and raise children (also mentions that she does not like having a boyfriend - a guy) addresses a number of questions . While the May gift with Darren is not incest, there are real psychological dimensions and problems with a mother who dies her lover's daughter. And Paula is not one of the toughest things. The affair, once it was published, allows the peeling of the relationship between mother and daughter, which left Paul's point of view desirable. Mrs. Bradshaw is excellent in the role of a daughter who wants her mother to support her as well as her love - she was not solved by a terrible hand life, but it is not a bed of roses. <br /> <br /> May is strong in her determination to admit her sexuality and to expect, really to demand the future of happiness. But it is also inevitably vulnerable. He fish in uncharted emotional waters. Who controls her relationship with Darren and why it is difficult for them to understand, much less to solve. During the sixties it is still happening. "Something Gotta Give" has recently introduced a mature sexuality, but a fun, antiseptic way to ensure that no viewer is suppressed. After all, it's Jack Nicholson and always beautiful Diane Keaton, who boasts a rich world. And to make sure that no serious psychosocial problems are being investigated, Keaton's young girlfriend, Amanda Peet, Keaton's daughter, will not only bless the game but make sure the audience knows she and her old lover sack. <br /> <br /> It is not easy here. An inspirational performance by Anna Reid raises problems with some when she excites others. Her nude body raises sexuality for somebody and seems absurd as an object of physical attractiveness to others (comments from listening members today reflect all these views). Kudos to director Roger Michel for solving a fascinating story with jerk and empathy. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
