In the opening scene, the eye that wore a desperado called Hawkeye, a smooth forehead, but when he watches Johnny in Puebla, he shows a scar on his patched eye. This is just one of many continual outages in this sharp Western spaghetti, but rather, rather than worsening the image, adds a special taste to the process. <br /> <br /> Another, when Sanchez turns to his three dead bodies, must be investigated for his identity - "You just can not imagine how many fake corpses we have in our city." Immediately afterwards, Carradine (Lawrence Dobkin) appears to be picking up his bounty with more than a wanted poster. As for Johnny Yam's main film director, Mark Damon, he shows himself silver with the case on his right and left side all over the movie after the Carradine weapons were replaced after a battle of battle. Johnny, at the request of his uncle, relies on San Margo, but will have to avenge his death in the hands of the fraudulent wife of Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and her captivating brother, Pedro (Louis Vanner). It takes some time, but it's a fun ride with one of the best hits. As for this salon fight, I got kicked out of the kung fu sound effects every time the punch joined. Caring for some other stories of exaggeration? After a duel with Pedro, for the first time, Johnny wipes a small amount of blood from his lip, which he manages to paint the whole face of Pedro. Similarly, when Pedro turns around Pepe later in the movie, he does not stop him, but when Johnny comes, Pepe's face is covered with blood. "Johnny Yuma" is probably one of the best of the genre that Clint Eastwood does not have. Like Johnny, Mark Damon is a suitable stand, but without a sour exterior. Carradine looked like a substitute for the mandatory character of Lee Van Cleef without being totally wrong. At first, it seems that the exchange of identities between Carradine and Johnny does not make sense, but it was all connected at the time the movie ended. Did you know that every friend would end up with his duty; if you're interested, the title hero has nothing to do with character Nick Adams from Western Western "The Rebel". In this film, Johnny got the clash he made in Yuma once. Perhaps the most unique feature of the story had to do with how tangled with the evil Samantha, who pulled the strings behind the scenes throughout. After shooting, Carradine strikes a steady retreat before Johnny can take revenge. Still alive, it looks like Carradine is trying to shoot and is missing, but Johnny and Sanchez do not take long to follow her in a dessert where she died without water - Carradine headed into her dining room.
