TENANTS began as a short 1971 novel by Bernard Malamud, a writer / philosopher, investigating conflicts between Jews and African-Americans in the burnt atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time the book was written. As a story, the story was sharp, as written by journalist David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs), but rather a brainstorm that will eventually erupt in action in the last few moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish writer with one book under the belt, but is currently trying to complete his "latest" book for ten years in writing. Convinced he must complete the novel in the same environment where it was started. he is the only tenant in a convicted Brooklyn apartment owned by Levinson (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "redeem" Harry's rent to be a dilapidated building. Another black militant quasi-anti-Semitic writer, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), who is spanking Harry, conceals and aids the growing attempt of the writer on the death of all white people, enters this atmosphere. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to a conflict without being Harry's meeting of Willie's white-Jewish girlfriend Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) in less than friendly assemblies of Willie's militant black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are on the skis, and Harry falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie learns about the assignment and Harry is further criticized, Willie explodes and begins a descending descent of not just fine friendship, but also a contest between writers. The end "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human ability of violence and theft." Actors do the best script that is a bit unpleasant, but they create credible characters through the scripts that border on the sermon. Cinematography improves the story, keeps the mood dull and dense and, above all, confined to a convicted building. The musical score appropriately uses solo jazz and blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these obsolete characters. Although it takes a bit of patience to make it through the brain ramblings, the film is ultimately worth watching. At least, he tries to revive Malamud's bizarre view of life in a big city. Grady Harp
