This is an extremely well-filmed movie. Acting, screenwriting, and camera work are top class. Music is good, although it's mostly early in the movie when things are still quite cheerful. There are no real superstars in the cast, although some faces will be known. All cast makes excellent work with script. <br /> <br /> But it's hard to watch because there is not a good end to the situation as it is presented. It is now fashioned to blame the British for the Hindus and Muslims faced each other and then cruelly separated them into two countries. There is some merit in this view, but it is also true that no one was forced to treat the Hindus and Muslims in the region as they were at the time of division. It seems more likely that the British have just seen tensions between religions and were smart enough to use it for their own purposes. The result is that in the situation there is a lot of cruelty and inhumanity, and it is very uncomfortable to remember and see on screen. But it is never painted as a black and white case. There is plenty and nobility on both sides, and also the hope for change in the younger generation. There is some kind of redemption, eventually when Puro has to make a hard choice between the man who destroyed her life but also really loved her and her family who refused her, and later she came to look for her. But at this point she has no choice that would not be without her without pain. This film carries a message that both Muslims and Hindus have serious mistakes and that they can also be dignified and caring people. The reality of the division leads to the fact that implementation is all the more annoying, because there will never be real reconciliation across the border between India and Pakistan. In this sense, it is similar to "Mr. & Mrs. Iyer." Finally, we were glad to see the movie, even though the decision was heartbreaking. If the United Kingdom and the US were able to cope with their own history of racism by this kind of sincerity, they would certainly be better.
