As director Nicholson's director, Drive, He Said shows at least that he is a talented director of the actors. Even if the story may lose the audience's way (even to a modern audience - if they find it, which appears on eBay - it might seem more free than they think), the film contains lively, interesting characters. The film tells of two college children: The protagonist is Hector (William Tepper bordering the blast), the Leopard star, the basketball team he plays. While he has to cope with a coach (Bruce Dern) who exerts pressure to stay focused, and friend (Karen Black) with her own emotional problems, it's Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the second guy. Gabriel seems to be a little more than frightened by being ready, so in his own radical mental state he does what he can to avoid. But as Hector tries to find a balance between his approaching glory and those he loves, Gabriel goes beyond the threshold of common sense. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, on the technical side of things, displays a fascinating editing style that keeps things on the edge during basketball scenes and implements darkness in many other scenarios with a perfect view of the document. And from Teper, Black, and even Robert Towne (writer Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible, among others, who rarely acts), he gets some credible acting work. Although there is a tendency in Tepper to suppress his emotions. In some scenes, for example, if he could act brilliantly sarcastic, it does not play for what it is worth. From Margotta on the other hand, his performance is energetic, twisted power, and when it comes down, it's scary, but maybe quite understandable (and what's the top). Dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a performance that he should collect for his Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is reasonable, true, and never matches like in recent carriages. <br /> <br /> But what pulls the film is that the elements that contain the characters are not explained to a degree we would like more. The film was based on the novel by Jeremy Larner, who wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the movie to be longer than it was. It's a slim bundle with lots of information, about times, about sports, about the basic feelings that were with the younger generation. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely shows them what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not part, of course, enough of them). Gabriel is concerned about what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is he? Hector is also a guy who worries about being designed for the NBA and still loves to play but what keeps him back? This whole atmosphere is interesting as the experience of the late sixties in school / basketball, but such an interesting quality that leads to some unconventionality remains in a place where it can not go any further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bitter and somewhat unforgettable for its good points, and not for its low. And you can tell who's behind the lens after every step. B +
