Eric Rohmer is "Lady and the Duke". could use the title for better translation. "The English woman and the Duke" may have been more accurate. While it is clear that this film is not for everyone to judge comments on this forum, it is worth watching, because despite the complex pattern of the story, Mr. Rohmer has created a movie that could be perceived as an art museum exhibition. Mixed technology used in the movie eventually works well. The special story of Grace Elliott, the noble lady who was the mistress of the English king and the French Duc d'Orleans, is our attention. This setting is Paris during the days that followed the French Revolution. The country was in turbulence and power was in the hands of people who could not care about the aristocrats. The pictures show that the agitators run around with the heads of famous people right after their journey to the guillotine. <br /> <br /> The relationship of grace with Duke has come to an end, but he remains a real friend of a great man who is at risk of losing his own head alone. Grace moves through all the horrors around her without escaping. She even has an enemy in her own house, in the form of a chef Pulcheria, who would not hesitate to pronounce her as the least provocation. <br /> <br /> Watching the movie occasionally gives the viewer the impression of going on a trip to the Louvre and looking at the huge plates that illustrate this crucial time of French history. Rather than finding the digitization process of distraction, we find that it will improve the film in many ways. Lucy Russell, like Grace Elliott, is doing a great job to portray this woman who has seen a lot in her life. Her French seems to be excellent because it seems to be fluent. Like the Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus made a fantastic contribution that he believed he was a nobleman himself without any effort. The support cast was also great. As part of the ensemble, Mr. Rohmer gains good performances everywhere. <br /> <br /> For lovers of history, "The Lady and the Duke" will be an interesting film to be watched by the vision of Eric Rohmer.
