It's a pretty amazing movie that you can watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer has literally covered his live actors in painted backdrops. Mostly it works brilliantly, especially at the beginning of the movie, where a book of climax appears. It is less successful in several scenes where it limits camera angles (they have not been painted on some buildings, for example), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that is about our own misconceptions and limited views of history as well history. This is narrated using the memories of General Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. So the event that most Marxist historians, especially in France, claimed to be one of their own, is told here from the point of view of a female aristocratic alien. An inappropriately different opinion appears - there is no objective representation. Using a memory device gives the film rather an episodic quality. Personally, I found the story of the King of Death the most interesting. A determined royalist is shocked when Duc votes for the death of the king (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow a dialogue between Grace and Duke.) He was Louis's cousin and himself was elected to the assembly where he immediately changed his name to Philip Equality) . Shooting Louis's death is masterful. Grace and her lady are in Meudon, outside of Paris, looking downhill with a binocular. We can not see the execution, we only hear about a maid, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution is out of the screen. Grace can not bear to watch her king be killed. Her opinion is the aristocrat. Every justification for Louis's death is literally out of her vision. This is a powerful, intensely intelligent film. The love story between Duke and Grace is insinuated, never told, and moves a lot (that Duc sometimes seems a little pompous crazy about what he sees in it), the undercurrents of madness (simply existing that are quite suspicious) that sweep the individual in Revolution is illustrated so that Grace's life is turned upside down, the house is searched daily, yet still orders his servants to cook food and is not able to dress! If you have any interest in a gentle, well-known film that cleverly uses a new technology to tell the old story or representation of a key moment in the history of Europe narrated by a noble foreign woman, its ultimate outsider, then this is worth it. It's a bit slow, but your patience is rewarded.
