Like many Americans, I was introduced to Hayao Miyazaki for the first time when I saw "Spirited Away". I fell in love with the film and I've seen it many times. Now I'm looking to see every movie from Miyazaki. One of his earlier works is "Castle in Heaven". Although it's still nice, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (although the comparison of this or some film with its masterpiece in 2002 may be unjust). A young boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) works in a mine late at night when he sees the girl slowly falling from the sky. When she wakes up in the morning she will be introduced as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before she knows, Pazu is led into an adventure that will put him in danger with the pirates, the army and the lost floating city. In Haya Miyazaki's film, you can expect one thing: a sense of miracle and magic. Many films have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and respect like Miyazaki. Watching Miyazaki is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood. Because the movie is animated, dubbing the film does not create much of a problem, because it is almost impossible to determine whether the movements of the lips match the words. It also helps the translation dialogue be well written and expressed by talented actors. Voting is varied. James Van Der Beek is the best. It brings irresistible enthusiasm and excitement for the role of Paz, which is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is afraid of the event around her, but she knows what to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as a bad Musk. He's dangerous and wants something from Sheet and he does anything to get him. Other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is terrible like Dola. Leachman may have won the Oscar for "The Last Picture Show," but is unpleasant as a pirate leader. Leachman gives the character an unpleasant scream that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad that the film almost destroys! Jim Cummings is an effective voice actor, but he's a miscast as a general. I would definitely recommend seeing the "Castle in Heaven". I will probably buy myself. But even if it's not as good as Spirited Away, it's still pretty good.
