With the new Japanese name LAPUTA (as an offensive phrase, which was not realized at the time by director Hayao Miyazaki), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film animator of the third film and is one of his most popular ever. Initially the boxing disappointment in his 1986 release, it has since been accepted by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by "Gulliver's Travels", Jonathan Swift is CASTLE IN THE SMOOTH, which is an action adventure with the theme of steampunk two young orphans - the young Pazu miner and the mysterious girl Sheety (which has a magic crystal around her neck) to find a long lost island called Laputa, that he has great wealth and gems. They are helped by a pile of stinking, yet sympathetic pirates, led by the fiery Dola (who is initially chasing but still proved to be a true ally) and watched by the government led by his dirty top secret agent, Muska, who wants Laputa's power to his advantage. For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, representing just the right amount of humor, exploration, miracle, and mystery to be interested. Artworks, though not as spectacular as some of the later Miyazaki films, are fantastic and gorgeous to be seen with imaginative characters and places, incredibly exciting action scenes and breathtaking flight sequences. And while the characters that include this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other work, each has an unforgettable, cute personality that stays with the viewer long after the movie ends. Dola, in particular, makes a great comic character, who in a moment shouts orders to his angry sons and protects Sheet. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creatures, who sometimes find themselves as an irreversible villain, but like Dola, he orders every scene they are in, with a sinister charisma that is both tempting and cool. Anime fans often compared this film to the science fiction adventure series Gainax NADIA: TAJEM BLUE WATER. After all, both works share a similar story and characters ... not to mention that they both created Miyazaki himself. Where they differ, it is their realization. NADIA, though she was predominantly charming, suffered from being poor in the middle of the journey, and moved to the cartoon nonsense that turned away from the main conspiracy even though it had a strong end. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, remains constantly entertaining and focused on its two-hour run and is better for that. While film epic tune sometimes breaks down in several "caricature" moments, such as the battle between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's sons, it's never so bad that the movie gets worse. The 11th Disney released the English version of the cast including James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, and some veteran performers such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also features an ambitious overhaul of Joe Hisaishi's wonderful musical score for the performance of the Seattle musical orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). Just as purists cried blasphemy over this version for their occasional extra dialogue and the above-mentioned revolution, Miyazaki did not have such problems; in fact it is said to applaud the recast and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is really the star of the new oak. While there are some cases where some critically silent scenes from Japanese origin are somewhat violent (especially the path through a dragon-storm cloud), the overhaul is fantastic and improves in many ways on the original, especially in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and a top moments towards the end. Here, Hisaishi depicts his musical versatility and genius for the adaptation of visual music. <br /> <br /> As for the performance in the dab, it's probably at the short end of the hole; James Van Van Beeck is more mature than his character, while Sheeta Anna Paquina speaks with a strange accent that sometimes varies (a problem that actually works for the character's sake). This means that they both do a good job overall and provide quite credible chemistry. It's a live supported acting, however, it really makes it so funny, especially Cloris Leachman's Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. Both are perfectly occupied and steal every scene in which they are; as in the case of rescore, these two really require listening to Disney's oak. The scenario adaptation sometimes borders the free side - there are a lot of other lines and / or comments (some of which are invaluable funny and some somewhat exaggerated) - but besides at least one questionable change (Sheeta is a show in the top outlook, "the world can not live without love" unlike the original "you can not survive except Mother Earth"), the overall character, story and spirit remain quite original. Overall, there is little to compare the Disney version with the original language trail; everyone will make their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I like them. (They are also better than Streamline / JAL is more literally, but horribly robotic, lifeless, inadvertently committed and badly written by older oaks since the late 1980s, do not trust anyone who says that this version is "superior" to Disneys - on the contrary.) < br /> <br /> Anyway, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN NEBE. It's one of Miyazaki's most popular films and I highly recommend it.
