The first of Ghibli's official films, Laputa, is most similar to his predecessor Nausicaa, but while Nausicaa was SF epic, it is rather action comedy-adventure with a rather weak precondition for SF. <br /> <br /> The first half hour of the movie I thought I would love him. You will find yourself again in Miyazaki's astonishment of detail and his ability to conjure an imaginary world in perfect, beautiful perfection. Animation, though not in the league of later Ghibli films, is a bit better than in Nausica. In my review of Nausic I mentioned that one character is drawn in an anime "Lupine" style. Here is a whole series: pirates. They provide a comic element in the movie, although that's why she needs a comic element, I'm not sure. The nausea was nothing funny, and I think it would be better. Still. says that Dola, the pirated leader, is the most memorable character in the movie (though she is basically Long John Silver woman.) Do not be surprised if you occasionally remind you of the Treasure Planet and it is well expressed by Cloris Leachman in the American Dab. The English voice will really be released for the most part. Something for me, however, started to be like a pear around half. I think the best way I can describe it is that the characters will swallow up the huge scope of the story. I'll come back later. <br /> <br /> Laputa has so much to admire and so many people love it, of course, I almost feel that it only means I gave him only 8 out of 10, but for my operative word here is "admire". It was much more impressive than personal, and it began to pull in more than two hours. The key thing for me was: I really found out that I did not care about any of those characters. Disney would make sure that the characters unfold and really fall for them to leave them as relatively two-dimensional pieces that should move while you were watching the amazing views in the movie. It would even be acceptable if there were some hard SFs in the story that would solve it, but it was basically a lot of magical wizards about princesses and magic crystals. That's where Laputa is down when it comes to me, and that's what holds her back from potential 10 of the 10 films. When he said that, we have to admit that Miyazaki was in front of Disney in 1986 when you think their films from the same year were a terrible "great mouse detective". <br /> <br /> Laputa is a good movie in some respects a wonderful movie, and you should definitely see it, but I feel it is overvalued. I certainly prefer the former "Nausikai Wind Valley". BTW, if they can watch in chronological order, watch how the fox of Naušice briefly appeared in Laputa.
