I just realized I've been using IMDb for years, and I've never rated my favorite movie. According to my favorite, I do not mean something that I like now, I think this movie is so supernatural that we will never experience any animated experience. This is obvious because I will never be a child anymore; I saw this movie at ITV in the early 1990s. I was 12 years old, the age group to which this film is directed, and I am also the man, the sex for whom this film is intended (the vast majority of Miyazaki's protagonists are women). Subsequently, this film inspired children's psychology and I am indebted to Carl Macek (sp?) For producing an English oak of this film that is far better than the production of Diana, which is not funny - I have never even been able to watch one - is the only way in the end, but the Macek version is so good (voices almost exactly matching the original Japanese actors) that this version is available on the Japanese DVD! It is not available in any distribution in an English-speaking country. Go to the picture. <br /> <br /> There are hundreds of competent reviews, so here I will have some trivia, not that I am a definitive archive of information for this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, I would like to agree with a reviewer who said you need 20 out of 10 to review Miyazaki's films - they are in their own league that they are making almost the whole IMDb catalog pale pale into insignificance. <br /> <br /> The fascinating story of this film is that Miyazaki has established the countryside around the Slag Valley (Pazu area) in the Wallachian mining communities. He visited Wales for several months in the early 1980s (perhaps late 1970s) just after one of the major mining operations. Being a passionate advocate of the student socialist movements in the 1960s, they felt their misfortune. The struggle between cities and pirates initially serves to illustrate this empathy with the worker. Landscapes and clouds, especially in this movie, remind me of where I grew up, because his film depicts a fantastic version of the hills of the Midwestern British Isles. Of course, the island is from the brilliant sativism of the Swift novel of the eighteenth century - the story of Swift's book is deliberately ridiculous. At Miyazaki Castle, myths like Atlantis and Babel Tower combine - I think architecture is based on Peruvian ruins, even though I'm not sure someone told me. <br /> <br /> Everyone who has read this review and who like this movie really want to check out Miyazaki's episode Mirai Shounen Conan - Future Boy Conan - based on the short science fiction novel The Incredible Tide by Alexandra Key (The novel is available online). Conan is basically a prototype for Paz and Shita Laputa. Besides, you may not know his earlier work for the Masterpiece Theater - some of his animations with keyframes. He also made the key frame for the Sherlock Hound - it has some of the most beautiful backgrounds I've ever seen. Take a look at the first feature film Miyazaki and Takahaty Horus Prince of the Sun (1968), which is astonishing today's standards. What else ... Gauche Cellist and Flying Ghost Ship - though quite rare. The film is such a gift, I do not know what we would do without it, with all this bullshit talking, it's like an oasis. Arigatou Miyazaki-sensei!
