Hayao Miyazaki is the second feature film and his first is widely acclaimed both commercially and critically (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind regards many fans as the best), "Tenka no Shiro Rapyuta" AKA "may seem childish and simplified compared to his newer masterpieces such as Kiki's Delivery Service, Mononoke-Hime and Spirited Away, but in 1986 it was a few years ago and was one of the milestones of the modern anime. It is important to realize that the "Castle in Heaven" was created two years before the revolutionary "Akira" and while it is not provocative and controversial as the above-mentioned masterpiece, the characters are mainly the basic characteristics of the manga heroes / heroes / and the story is quite predictable (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's designs and animations are standards that have never been seen before. While the story and humor are a little stupid and outdated at times, the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as amazing as 'Spirited Away'. And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the pictures themselves and ignore the low-budget color and animation and the identical twin-at this point, Miyazaki is still faithful to its roots and agreed standards of Japanese cartoons-you will see Miyazaki's genius intertwine as well as "Spirited Away "and Mononoke. While "Castle in the Sky," a sci-fi adventure and child-friendly, fits better into the classic anime than anything else he has ever done, his motives and principles are still showing and playing an important role. To say much more would be to destroy the film, so I kindly close it. Just say that I only give nine stars, because if I had ten, I could not go another for "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And that would be a crime. As with most anime movies I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not even speak the Japanese word - t tend to be very good, and in this case it is just terrible. You may want to watch it in English once, just for fun and star casting (English Oak was recorded only after Spirited Away, as was the case with Kiki's Delivery Service) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yeah , Dawson's guy!) Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from "Star Wars" if you do not know!) Cast rookie and other roles are occupied by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane Friar Tuck by Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) laughter or a few laughs really, but look first at the Japanese.
