Listen to the soundtrack at the moment, the pictures come with a lively nature that makes the desire for a dry eye very strong (to be able to write). I saw it twice as far and I should be ashamed to see it * only * twice. I have seen all the Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli films and are always masterpieces (except for Nausica, which was even premature in uncontrolled version compared to nec-plus-ultra). Yet their power sometimes becomes their weakness because they tend to be too naive / positive (Chihiro), or, with more nuances, a bit too explicit / moralist (Mononoke). At least in comparison with another master Ghibli Takahata (The Silent Grave / Just yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this. In Laputa, Miyazaki pours out all the brilliant narratives of stories that have been gathering and improving over the ages, combined with a bit of morality but carefully interwoven not only with a completely transcendental atmosphere, but also with humor and entertainment, for example, Totoro. Each major figure is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and concerns and their qualities that help them overcome the difficulties. The stimulation is so perfect that I know nothing but a black hole that could develop such a gravitational force on the whole of my being. The story emerges as an action mystery with a mysterious sign, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone and the main theme kicks you, you get the glimpse of the great secret you are about to reveal, but the story gradually settled and gradually, after a series of carefully selected a scene of events and quiet beauty, builds on the unforgettable climax of melancholy, hope, beauty as in the dark dark days, and finally sees the horizon in a clear wound, knew that the path was going, she saw the distance ahead, but she smiled at the mere fact that she could see her. It is as if the white light exploded in your skull, when the loans started to roll, you kept your eyes dry and your mind was numb, you should see the therapist. Despite the fact that technically-image-wise some of the newer Miyazakis may be more stunning, I remain the undisputed part of it. If you take a fraction of a second to realize it happened in 1986, you can only conclude that Hayao Miyazaki is a brilliant star that appears only once every 200 years. This, of course, has been suggested, but it is the only film for me to fully illustrate this simple fact. If it is left to you during your life, you will die with a big gap - which would be a shame because the coffin is the same.
