You ever wanted to escape from your boring and stressful life at school or at work and go out on your own magical adventure with one of your closest friends on your side, face all kinds of dangers and villains and reveal the mystery of the lost civilization that is just waiting for did anyone discover all the secrets? Even if you are not so much a fantasy mistress, have you ever wondered if you could simply experience what it is like to be a kid again, and you do not care for a few hours in the world? <br /> <br /> This is exactly what Miyazaki is the "Castle in Heaven". Pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a busy life in a mining town until one day, a girl named Sheeta falls from the sky like an angel and takes him on a journey to a place far behind the clouds while all the time have pirates and military troops hot on your way. Simply put, it's just an incredible adventure that every child joins at one point or another, and I can not help but feel my worries dissolve every time I see it. from Miyazaki's older works and has a lot of space in the everyday world, the film is not visually spectacular or deep in its story like Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle or even Princess Mononoke. Still, it is difficult to say that one of these films is superior to the other because all three films are mystical at some point to the extent that they are mysterious, if not confused, especially for the youngest audiences. <br /> <br /> "The Castle in Heaven" does not attempt to be so much allegory of any kind on the other hand, and it's not the story of the coming of age; it's probably one of the best ideas about the inside of a child's mind I've ever seen. Not only is artwork beautiful, but using eyes from children's eyes is simply amazing. whether it's a search of a camera, see huge trees or clouds overhead, or an unbelievable sense of height from the view of down on the ground or the ocean while hundreds of meters in the air, I just can not help but I feel like I'm there with Paz and Sheeta, a child in a different world, far from reality. Even the children themselves do not have a complex relationship that indicates the need for hope such as Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is the Paz angel who literally fell into his life from the sky one day, an absolutely perfect person for him from the very beginning. As the film advances, more and more of their real adventurous children's spirit is based on their kind words and beautiful realistic facial expressions. Not only are they a delightful reminder of who I used to be, but their cute friendship never leaves behind the movie, it only grows up to the last picture. For this reason I fell in love with two of them more than I have with another Miyazaki. <br /> <br /> At the same time, "Castle in Heaven" is so easy to access, because no matter what type of occasional viewer you could be, you will surely find the repair here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, tension, sci-fi, romance, even some western ... it's here, almost everything people go to movies (except maybe horror). That's why I can easily recommend it as the first Miyazaki movie; it's perfect for those who have no expectation that they have already seen the incredible alien world of some of their newer works. Even the final song of the film, when it is translated into English, expresses a sense of desire for the discovery of some lost civilization and a soul mate who was not found in our worldly lives. "The reason why I long for many lights is that you are there in one of them ... The Earth is spinning, wearing you, wearing both of us who will certainly meet." Miyazaki has always provided poetic texts to sing the final songs from Joe Hiasashi's wonderful songs, but it's all I've seen is a touching love song, an inspirational dream. "Castle in Heaven" may not be Miyazaki's most advanced, magnificent or meaningful work, but it is absolutely perfect for what really should happen: a real vision of childhood fantasy and a wonderful escape from reality for all adults who want to have the same amazing sense for the imagination they had when they were simply carefree little children. Sit down, relax and love it for what it is.
