It's always hard to place a stamp on any movie as "the best", any time, a genre or what you have, but I believe there might be a strong argument that Laputa is actually the biggest animated movie ever made. This is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japanese animated directors, best capturing his power as a director, narrator and designer, as well as encapsulating all of his favorite basic themes. The version I'm reviewing is the American Oak Version of 2003 (I know the sovereignty for hard-core anime fans not to notice it in their native language); there is at least one other English language oak there, I have it on VHS (I do not have a clue as to what source) and this version is the best best dub I ever met a movie. But I thought it was better to concentrate on the version people would actually find. Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (expressed by James Van Der Beek), who grows up in a mining town, when one day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally drops from the sky. It appears to be haunted by a sinister government agent, Colonel Musk (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal that hangs around his neck. To keep things alive, there's also a bad humorous pirate gang on the crystal, led by an aging but still pervasive Dola (Cloris Leachman). This plot revolves around the ability of a crystal to uncover the legendary flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. Everything is more in line with the fairytale story, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far this story is going to be, and this conspiracy is overwhelmed in moments of "craziness" and attached to its usual morality and warning of the abuse of the power of nature. <br /> <br /> Design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds are abundant, absolutely impossible, but so carefully designed to take them instantly without blinking. The world is somewhere around the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient cars alongside those gorgeously impossible flying machines. But the city itself is a total brilliance in performance; Laputa is like the Garden of Eden, and the very fire of heaven, and in this connection lies its attraction, its strength and its danger. Besides being a thoughtful and beautifully rendered film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From sweeping flying shots to high-speed pursuits on small personal flyers on a boat immersed in clouds as if it were water, Laputa shows the range that most movies? even with the CGI spell? can only dream of all. Though we see only a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance goes beyond the borders of the frame and we have no difficulty believing it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most interesting, action sequences: a guard robot who fell on Earth was accidentally re-activated and caused a catastrophe on the fortress he was in, trying to protect Sheet (who was the one who woke up). Meanwhile, Paz and the pirates are thrown at their small flying machines to literally lose them from the jaws of destruction. From the horrifying view of the robot burning landscape to the exciting rescue of the last second, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles, and precisely aware of how far viewers can be. It helps Laputa have a great score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the amazing beauty of this world, rosic innocence, exciting action, and the scary other universe of the flying city and its bizarre robot guards. Although he re-recorded it for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement over his original score), adding pieces back and forth, the score corresponds to the visual perfectly, the rare overall sound and vision connections. <br /> This is not a bad oak. I am very fond of the older English dab, and this explains things a bit in place, but I was almost shocked at how closely these voices matched those (and those who matched Japan well). Dola is especially difficult to get right, but Leachman is in place like a fiery old pirate (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin has a good job like Sheeta and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was early, he was more than talented for Muska to do (I liked another English Oak Muska but Hamilina was good). Much of the film lies on the shoulders of Paz and Van Der Beek is amazing. When I listened to him, I realized that this crew had access to another English dab because VDB is very close to the original Pazu. Though it looks back on the dab, it is the reason for excommunication between the sweeter faithful, just as I love this film, I do not think you sacrificed much simply watching this particular Anglicized version. John Lassiter of Pixar puts it in the forefront, and my suspicion is that he, like many others, just loves this film so much that they have tried hard to ensure its high quality. Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (I did not care for one of his films) but Laputa is still his top achievement for me. Anyone who gets acquainted with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and once again, this film is a masterpiece on the cutting edge of its form that touches every cylinder. I would pay big money to see it on the big screen; while it probably will never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic was retained on DVD.
