Now you've probably heard a bit about Disney's new dubbing of Miyazaki Laputa's classic movie: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney launched the "Kiki's Delivery Service" on a video that contained a preview of Laputa Oak, which said it was due to take place in 1999. Obviously last year it ended but the oak was completed. And it's not "Laputa: Castle in Heaven", just "Castle in Heaven" for oak because Laputa is not such a nice word in Spanish (even though they use the word Laputa many times in oak). You have probably also heard that the world-renowned composer Joe Hisaishi, who originally shot the film, returned to recreate great music with new modifications. Laputa came out in front of my neighbor Totoro and after Nausica the wind valley that started Studio Ghibli and it's a long string of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best movies with a powerful lesson that has been shrouded within this two-hour and four-minute gem. Laputa: The Castle in Heaven is a film of all ages and I urge him to see him. For those unfamiliar with the story The Castle in Heaven begins at the beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. The story is so perfect and masterfully created, you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a hello of the past the government is holding on the airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the chateau in the sky, and the long lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant that has many people, namely the government, the army and the air pirate group, the Dola gang (with Sheeta and Pazuem later). Pirates soon attack the ship and escape during the escape. It falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. When it floats from the sky, Pazu, an orphaned boy who survives by working in the mines, sees Sheet and catches her. The two become quick friends, but thanks to her pendant, both get into a huge exciting ride when the Dola gang and the government are trying to capture Sheet. One sequential course, we learn all the motives and identities of the character when building on emotional and action packs that will surely please everyone thanks to their fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. And a little surprising surprise. I think this film is simply remarkable and keeps track after a two-hour and four-minute run. The story is amazing because we got into the animation of Hayao Miyazaki, which has no boundaries. Movie settings are a combination of many time periods. It seems to be taking place in the late eighties, but it is a universe alternating with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a surprisingly entertaining film. The film has a lot of fun moments that almost match the drama and action of the film. I think the most fun part is the fight scene, where Paz's boss opposes the pirates and soon after the rebellion broke out. It's funny when we see that men compare their strength and music is perfectly suited to it. <br /> <br /> Now we are talking about the oak. Outstanding cast gives some great performances that bring these characters to life. Teen heart beat James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more advanced voice in the Japanese version, where the original was more childish. Either way, I think his voice is decent with Paz. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of "The Piano," plays Sheet. This is also a nice performance, but the voice is a bit unequal, does not remain faithful to one accent. Sometimes it sounds like an American as an apple pie, but it sounds like someone from New Zealand. But the most popular performance was Coris Leachman, who played Mum Down. Not only is it an excellent performance, but the voice and emotions the character gives it really brings to life. If a live Laputa (G-d forbid) live, she would play it, just imagine it in the role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker alone, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top performance Hamill performance. You can get acquainted with Hamil from the long line of voice making after the original Star Wars movies, but it adds Musk full of evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and a mix of Joker who played on many episodes in the animated Batman series. Actor Jim Cummings, who is doing a great, awkward job as a general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang, rounds off in actor's voice. Now let me talk about what this special oak, the newly organized music of Joe Hisashi does! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes music, and like all Miyazaki movies, music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own personalities that perfectly fit a particular movie. Now this new arrangement he has made is rather "American like," which in my opinion was the target of new recordings. Do not be afraid, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still in great form. The score for me is that it has to be arranged as if it were a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is brighter and deeper. The film prologue, the first second we introduced on the airship, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). However, most of the music has new backdrops and more background music. Things seem to be considerably better. In a strong scene, music is stronger than in the original versions. In a quiet scene, it is quieter. Overall, I think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements and combinations, I've made myself very personally, and I personally think it helps to improve the movie. I prefer a new score above the old, and I hope Disney will make or grant a full-blown sound license. <br /> <br /> Another addition to oak is that the story remains faithful and a lot of the original Japanese line is intact. In Kiki I'm sure a few lines that have changed, and that's the same way, the lines have been changed. But most of them are close to or exactly the original line and the Miyazaki dialogue has written. I was afraid that some great lines would be fired, but they were intact. Some new rows have also been added to help. But I'm not sure if I think it was a good thing or a bad thing, Disney NEVER translated the final song, it was in Japanese. I was humiliated when I made new songs for Kiki Oak, but with this version it's the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good that it's still original, but bad, because most people who see this oak speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a large bottom of this oak tree and it's about how voices match the character of the lips. Of course, in any dab it will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke the dabing lines that fit were much better done (and Disney had this ... a bit more time). Sometimes everything is the same, sometimes it does not happen completely, and in rare case somebody says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where Sheeta smiles and her mouth does not move one bit). As for the film itself, it's my thoughts. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was animation. From the initial sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed, just look with astonishment. You see the true nature of each character, the true detail of their face with extreme close ups and actions. You have to give a ton of credit for the effort that these animators have put into this movie. Everything is so great and beautifully hand-drawn, it's like a moving artistic subject. And to think, it was in the mid-eighties. Animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare, which is very different but very good. And after all these years, colors look as vivid as ever. Laputa also has a number of action sequences, a lot of airplane fighting and a couple on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so interesting, it's scary that they are comparable to a big budget action movie. And the end is just something you have to see. The sound effects are clean and classic, throwing explosions, firing guns and everything else well. Like all Miyazaki films, everyone focuses on another topic (like Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not realize how it can take over you, and how much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy and the main villian Muska shows it very much. <br /> <br /> Laputa: The Castle in Heaven was a great movie that started and is now largely. I am glad that most viewers now have the opportunity to see this classic animated film in their glory. With an excellent vocal cast that has put a lot into the movie with an excellent redone musical score by Joe Hisais, Disney did a nice job on this oak and is quite worthy. Even though I think the voices are better off in the mouths of the Kiki dikes and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a great oak and it's worth a long delay, because now it can make a fantastic movie.
