I saw this movie at the London cinema in 1975 and I have not seen him since. I found it cheerful. I loved his originality. It's rare that someone makes a movie like this - and that's also sad. I mean, I once read a book called "The Black Hotel" - and as a movie fan I always have a "picture" of the book as a movie. Something 'tailor' them, you know? But as I read it, I thought it would be a great movie - but of course it would have to be "adapted" - to the extent that it would have little to do with the book. <br /> <br /> But then I thought well why? Certainly, on Sunday afternoon television it would never be possible to show it, but assuming it appeared in adult cinemas who knew what they contained, where is HARM? Girl, my civil liberties have been crushed here. The director MUST be able to make a literal film adaptation of "The Black Hotel". In an ideal world, censorship of an adult film should not exist. Unfortunately, although I agree with the INTELLIGENT adults, this freedom could be harmless, there would always be those who would not have a rational distinction between fantasy and reality and who could be incited to commit an act. <br /> <br /> However, it's hard to see how "La Bete" falls into this category. <br /> <br /> When she appeared in England, the British censor dismissed her from her hand. Despite '69 relaxation on nakedness, given the theoretical theme of film bestiality, if the censor passed ANY of this, he was looking for a new job on Monday. But ... in those days there was an alternative. G.L.C. It was a local city council with a department that had the power to hand over the film to London only, where it was supposed that viewers were more "soptical" than those who lived in the club. The film was properly handed over and executed. Later, however, it turned out that the "council" consisted of only four people - three who voted, plus the "chairman". And on the day one of the voters was ill. The remaining two voters and the chair sat down to see "La Bete". One of the voters thought, like me, that the movie was cheerful and hardly likely to encourage the foul of ANYONE's deeds. The other lacked fantasy, and he simply thought this piece was disgusting. And the chairman did not understand, so he decided to miss FREEDOM. When the missing voter eventually saw the movie, they thought it was disgusting, but it was too late! The film was awarded the "X-London" certificate and a mixed reaction began. G.L.C. movie censorship was soon dissolved! So "La Bete" opened in London only what could best be called FLUKE! But I'm glad it was. That's great! If you have not seen it, do it. It's FANTASY and as such is much less worrying than most of the things you see in today's news ...
