Regardless of what Walerian Borowczyk's personal opinion is a grotesque and yet beautiful jewel "La bête" in 1975, it must be admitted that this bizarre jewel is an absolutely unique movie experience. Borowczyk erotic fairytale has been forbidden in several countries for a long time and it is quite obvious why this controversial jewel has become the victim of scary movie censors. "La bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, a totally explicit eroticism and a real wonder that bravely refuses to accept any compromise. The fact that bliss is one of the main topics of the film certainly did not help with censors, but it was very controversial and therefore known to the wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, has arranged for her rather demented son, Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti), to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and beautiful daughter, rich English families. Because of the old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French manor, Lucy is immediately fascinated by the 18th-century portrait of Romilda's predecessor Sirpa Lane and an old book that portrays bizarre drawings. The story will soon descend into a bizarre sexual fever - a dream ... Without too much giving, I can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not miss this movie. As bizarre, "La bête" is undoubtedly also amazingly beautiful in style, setting and cinematography. Fever-like-like atmosphere is present inside and from dream-sequence. Forest dominion and impressive family home are spectacular and beautiful scores, and incredible cinematography creates a tremendous atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudes, loving actresses) to serious dementy and somewhat nasty (close sex organs of sexual organs in sexual intercourse, ...); in both cases it is unlikely to be forgotten. The entire cast of "La bête" is fantastic, and all participants bring great performances in eccentric characters (some of them are seriously demented). The film benefits from an exceptionally beautiful cast, whether Lisbeth Hummel, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who sadly died of AIDS in 1999) as a precursor to watching dreams, or a relatively unknown but especially dear actress Pascale Rivault who plays an aristocratic daughter , who takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in the closet. I deliberately do not give a complete description of the most important parts of the conspiracy, because it just has to be seen to have believed them. Some scenes are among the most bizarre ones ever shot in the movie, the scene being a "beast" of the same name. Certainly not every cup of tea, but highly recommended to the fans a controversial and unusual cinema. Great jewel!
