Polish filmmaker Walerian Borowczyk La Bête (French, 1975, aka Beast) is one of the most controversial and brave films ever made, and also excellent. This film tells us everything that is generally hidden and denied by our nature and our sexual nature, especially symbolizing and silent images. The pictures may look wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they are all in relation to the latter. Sex, desire, and death are very powerful and primary things, and they control all the bodies within the human soul. They are interested in us and have tried so hard (and by our nature) that they are considered terrible, unacceptable, and too wild to be true. A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to the French rural environment to meet her early-born husband with whom she had a letter affair. They are all very exciting, and parents and relatives are impatiently waiting for each other to see how new people come to their families. The innocence of the young bride is alive, and no one knows what can happen and wake up inside the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion with all its people and animals and the mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that characters or most of the film's viewers they could never imagine they were real and (before them). The film is about the same theme as the Canadian David Cronenberg demobilization feature Shivers (1975), which takes place in a huge, luxurious building where destructive and horrific parasites spread from the human to human point of view by sexual contact and makes people wild and violent to act in their desire for pleasure and fulfillment of instincts. One has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will, and so these instincts can be as dangerous and strong as the instincts of some other beast, be it a desire for blood, vengeance or sex and physical pleasure. People are just animals that have the intelligence and tools to transmit them, but because we are animals, this intelligence is not always used too much, as seen anywhere around us. The film opens up very and very shocking for most of the hypocritical attitudes and shows the horny male horse furious when it waits to get to the mare and continues the race but the anger and visible lust that we see from his eyes and violent motions are key elements, which begin and why it is, and not in close proximity to organs that could be so easily applied. A horse is an animal that fights in an almost unbearable fire, in a heat that is much stronger than his will because he no longer has control at this point. The power of instinct makes the animal an animal. After an unforgettable beginning, the characters will be introduced and the film has fantastically all the necessary age groups inside of those little innocent children who are waiting to grow and develop to their flowers, adults and elders, that all represent their own part of life and create the face of human life on the screen . The film does not necessarily need more characters, because they are all important here and represent the whole race, including city and country people, and both sexes. There is a sexual character of girl heroes in the house when they see how the horses connect and behave as if they were obviously never thought of. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, such as getting water when you are very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she lived in her without the knowledge of these things, with her mother and camera and a letter friend, even though they are waiting for a moment to explode. Flesh longs for the body and belongs to a human being, but such things are not so easy to accept everywhere, and such films as those trying to show that it's forbidden for decades? The foolishness of man and the unwillingness to interpret images must not be an argument for the film to be banned or otherwise violated. The last 30 minutes of the film is as important as the beginning and again shows how powerful a cinema is without the use of unnecessary words and conversations. As a girl and audience realize what her body is beginning to feel and longing for, she begins to have dreams of a mysterious beast that appears to be no other than a stripped-down form of herself, lived in the forest without other people / animals nearby. The power of dreams is the one that causes and causes most of the controversy alongside the overall straight and honest attitude of the film and the images are so easily considered "perverted" and "pornographic" without the courage to go deeper into them, the character of the reaction and the thought of what we see. The paintings are exciting in their dreams and ultimately within a dream for the (more) human dream character, and Borowczyk forces us to confess them with paintings that are so close to "normal" sexual acts between man and woman, a beautiful thing and the expression of love, another human need. Also numerous and cleverly black humorous scenes in the meadow, between a young mother and a black servant, interrupt many times because someone yells for a servant, and there is no doubt that the sensual picture of two young body people who are together and are interrupted by an angry cry, at least will not become a more pleasant interruption. Borowczyk managed to make his pictures so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to understand, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. It uses dialogue only if necessary, otherwise work is done and the movie is powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, because the flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The end is inevitable, but the meaning of watching dreams could be as strong without dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another black humorous element comes when we see that the shocked urban women run out of a place where they saw more than they were looking for! We visited the seat of truth about the body, both we and them. The film reminds me of the story of French writer Georges Bataill's eye with the same topics on eroticism, death, and how they are always associated with the nature of our body. The book is well written and fantastic as well as this movie and naturally both have been accused of their "too explicit" content and other remarkable shallow comments. Borowczyk's film is also very visually visually alongside his raw honesty and nature and forests rarely looked so bright and glossy as in this film. The sun shines with trees and wherever people live, and beauty is always there, but so is the ugliness that comes from the inhabitants of the world. Every innocent white sheep is a selfish, evil and terrible animal in our world, and it seems that the intelligence we have never overcame the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep present within every human soul. This is how much it can keep the dark side passive and inactive. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and with this intelligence and vision, which instincts are good and which are bad, they can be satisfied without the exploitation, violence, and the deadly and destructive circle that creates them. Man is no more than a beast of intelligence, an intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and erected on the background of things that feel better and more satisfactorily in every and perhaps sudden moment. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and clever magical cinema with a carefree age, and also an example of how much it can achieve, express and give it to a filmmaker who is also just a human being.
