OK ... this is ugly ... Frankly, I can not tell you all the inner plot of BEAST because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 or more minutes - but just wait, it will definitely "pick up" ... The plot includes something about a monster in the woods that some French aristocrat chickens screwed in a day. Finally, you see "BEAST", which looks like a boy dressed in a huge ratfighter costume with a horse attached to him. The scene takes place with an aristocratic woman running across the forest looking for a lost sheep. The sheep end up dead and the woman is afraid. THE BEAST will appear, rabid chicks and fire 400 gallons from her. Eventually, the cat will start enjoying the "attention" of the animal, leading to some nice novels in simulated sexual scenes, including the inconspicuously erotic leg of the masturbation scene where the woman creeps the beast with the legs while the monster shoots more gigantic burdens everywhere (yeah, I have a twisted leg - fetish - I'm the judge ...) ... The whole movie is narrated in shows and long-lasting dialogue scenes that tended to be a bit tedious "Shocking" but the predictable end closes this extremely strange movie ... BEAST is a film, which is very difficult, and the cinematography itself is quite nice and the sets, costumes and places are complicated, and this conspiracy is a bit complicated, and it seems that it took him very seriously, because in the end he is such an unintentionally cheerful film about a cat ratting out of bear rats. goats, ass and hairy 70 years of French scrubs to help make up for the blunt first I have to say honestly that if it were not in the BEAST scenes that would have fused all the willing girl, this movie would be a real work - that is, if you do not like boring dialogue and some graphic horse sex (the beginning has a very sincere and personal a scene of two boned horses, including a throbbing and cruelly covered female horse vagina ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so weird and so refreshing change from the rest of the film that I have to say that the scenes themselves will compensate for what would otherwise be a real delay. I have to recommend it to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - BEAST rape is really out there and something we should testify. It is also recommended to all film fans from the 70s and 80s. It is worth seeing you bad lovers of beard beard lovers (like me) ... 8/10
