If, like me, you love your films to be unique and, unlike most other films, I recommend you to see the Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairytale that focuses on the mythological "beast," which is said to be wandering over the lands of French domination and womanhood for women. The film is very courageous, because it's the subject matter, and that's something to do. The subject of bestiality is a taboo and for good reason I could add; but the film broadcasts it; straight and into the point. Like the other films that have mastered taboo objects in their midst, Beast could have passed around, so we used our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do it and is courageous in this respect, especially when making such a film leaves him open to all sorts of critics , but the fact that he went with him meant, in my opinion, a guy for him. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a sequence that sees a randy man on horseback. This opener has an exclamation point for the film and prepares audiences in some ways for an incredible tour of the power of eroticism they are about to see. The scenes that see the mother with a woman are unjustified and shocking and have to offend many people (that's why they have been forbidden for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just Borowczyk's justification to shock the viewer; this film has a decisive point. As has been said during the film; the only difference between man and animal is intelligence. Both man and beast have instincts, only one knows how to control them. The animal examines this difference between man and animal through sexuality; a fanciful sequence in which an animal appears to control human desire, and only when the central female figure allows her control to see an animal. The film has strong motifs of an old story about "beauty and animal" that is drawn into it, and overall it is a shocking morbid story of desire, but not without morality. Many criticize the scenes around the film's shocking sexual sequences for being boring, but these scenes are important to the story of the movie. Without these scenes we should not know the characters or the story of the beast, and most importantly; the story of "Beauty and the Beast" would not be able to have the scary conclusions of the audience, and that is one of the key elements of the film; it would be really shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained by these scenes, not shocks, but the dialogue and the upper class of family figures along with the beautiful shots of the manor house would not be seen, so there is a clear contrast between this and the events later in the film would also not exist. <br /> <br /> Overall, the beast is a shocking movie. It's a portrait of a taboo subject, and the shocking way it is depicted will make sure that this movie is not for everyone. However, if you can get over a movie shock and embrace the Beast; what awaits is a skillful and beautiful artistic subject that should not be missed by everyone who is willing to give this film a chance.
