The title is the sound one character does when he drives his imaginary trolley through a landfill where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories from Shugo Yamamoto and tells the story of a group of people living in confined houses on the edge of the dump. It's a mixture of laughter and sadness. The first color film by Akrie Kurasowa was something I wanted to see long ago. Strangely, it was often referred to as only available in a shortened version of a three or four-hour original due to a run-in error in some promotional materials. I went to the full version and waited until we saw what Kurasowa wanted us to see, just to find out that in the latest version of Criterion, the 140-minute version is full version. Finally, I sat down to see the movie last night, having mixed emotions about the movie. First and foremost his visually associated with each film that followed. You can see all the other of Kurasowals' remaining six films reflecting in this film, except for the painted sunsets. It's an amazing movie in its use of color and you can understand why it took so long for a movie that would be happy (of course there are also unsuccessful projects). The film is a visual artwork. (Although you will warn if you see it on your widescreen TV, it was 1.33 so it will appear in the normal TV ratio.) The rest of the film is a mixed bag. Part of the problem lies in the fact that the lives of all these people do not quite meet. As separate stories, they all work well, but they do not close as a film ensemble. I do not blame Kurasow, because one can not always hit things out of the box, especially when someone like Robert Altman, who specialized in multi-character films of this kind, occasionally bombed himself. <br /> <br /> It's not that I have no reason to see the movie. Like all Kurasow films, there are always reasons to see his movies work or not. The first "wheelchair" trip is one of the best things Kurasowa has ever done and is worth renting. Her one of the most beautiful moments in movie history when the cart is examined and pulled. The father and son living in the car are touching (though eventually very sad) and there are other pieces that shine (as well as the cast that is great over the deck) and one should at least try the movie as something other than a person usually joins Samurai movies or crime drama. It's an interesting wreckage from the director, which means that in this case he means his better than most of the creators' successes. <br /> <br /> Between 6 and 7 as a whole, much higher in pieces.
