Most people, when considering an expressionist cinema, look into black-and-white German films of silent and early sounds - films that emphasize lowered angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performances and casual use of surrealism to create a dream atmosphere to deviate from traditional , naturalistic modes of representation of cinematography. If we want to accept that the Germans are not the only creators of a creative expressionist film (and that the above properties are not assumptions of an expressionist film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-day (DKD) is an example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Just like dreams, DKD is somewhat immune to the Kurosawa movie as it happens, in unreal form. DKD, unlike dreams, is also a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa image. Why? I think they are mostly colors. This was, in my opinion, the first Kurosawa color film, and one sats the film with vivid primary colors and creates a completely unrealistic contemporary Japan. We are accustomed to neon lights and vibrant Tokyo skyscrapers; we are not used to a city that seems to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a special film, as many of its characters live on a rubbish pit and appear to be living in an alternate universe. This is, in my opinion, outsiders in Tokyo, people left behind during the great progress after the Second World War. The film also features one of Kurosawa's most beautiful films; there is a real sentiment and true pathos (such as when the boy's father describes their dream home). It's an amazingly moving film from a man who is better known for stunning looks and samurai like John Ford. Everyone should know that Kurosawa had a film that touched and thought like this (Ikiru lectures the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also argue that this is Kurosawa's greatest success. His Samurai films, though capable of pictures, are pale compared to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the largest and most intelligent samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies but are just good (and I think this word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemushu). DKD is a great movie, just like Ikiru. They are crown jewels that show that Akira was not the only samurai submarine. They reveal his art and mastering cinematography.
