If anything happened that Akira Kurosawa made a bad relationship from Dodes'ka-den, he did it for a partnership he created with "four knights" (three others were Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted their partnership to culminate, and instead Kurosawa, probably the head of the group, delivered an abstract humanistic art film with characters living in the decimated slum, which had many of its characters in the face of dark tragedies. He did it independently, or he went to another studio he knew, but he also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971, and he did so, among other financial and creative weights. And yet at the end of the day, because artist Kurosawa kept telling his drama about what it is infamous: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That his background is a little unusual, but most should not be ignored, but that's not Kurosawa's fault at all. The material in Dodes'ka-day is absorbed, but not so, one usually finds out from the director, and mainly because it is controlled by a sign instead of a conspiracy. There are things that have happened to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to interwave them into a coherent whole. The figure that begins with the painting is strangely enough (though fortunately because it has little room for its growth), is Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged human-child who is making a whole day of train sounds (so-called "Clickety-clack" title), only sometimes ceased to pray for his mother. But then we turn: there is a father and son, the one who moves through restaurants for food and the first one who goes on and on with the local descriptions of his dream house; the older man has death, and we learn later that he has lost much more than he would have told most people, including the woman who had a past with him; a shy and silent woman working in slavery to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure) who raped her; and a humble kid in a suit that has permanent ticks on his face and a very serious woman - for those around him. <br /> <br /> There is also a small sign of people around these characters, like two drunks every night they struggle like watches, they put big demands on their husbands, they sometimes (unintentionally) exchange them! And second, there is such a salesman who has a sweet but strange connection to that shy, quiet woman. And of course, there's a group of plumber ladies lying around the irrigation hole in the middle of the slum, they have nothing nice to say about it unless it's something erotic with a guy. First notice how Kurosawa sets the picture; it's a little postapocalyptic, regardless of any specific time or place (it's up to a few wounds to see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the fears of these people are considered tragically dimensional as deconstructed by dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is capable of dismantling the broken emotions of the people, and that is the only scene when the dead-looking man who has hollow, pitiful eyes sits silently in the tearing of fabrics as the woman brings with her. <br /> <There is sometimes a spell and even some laughter with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, little moments with Rokkuchan (specifically with Kurosawa's friend as a street painter) or with a harsh silence with a man with faint tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors some improvisation space, his camera moves still remain as they were always - patient but watchful, with extensive compositions and claustrophobic shots, painterly visions and faces sometimes with the stylization of a silent drama. Among these sometimes bizarre and touching stories, with some of them (particularly father and son in the car) especially sad, Kurosawa illuminates his film and suggests a color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor, as one of his paintings. Fresh, scattered, scattered sometimes over the seams, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it is as if the abstract came to the scene where things look alive but are much darker underneath. It's a great, difficult sword with two edges, which allows intonation of dreams with such a heavy dramaturgical task. Thanks to the sweet "film" score of Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) and some excellent performances from the actors and several indelible scenes in his fantastic career, Dodes'ka-day is in his own way a minor part of the director, yet he is perfectly perfect on his own concepts, as with many Kurosawa dramas like Ikiru and Red Beard, they hold hard truths about the human condition without excessive sentimentality.
