Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon together shot two films in two years. One is considered to be one of the great romantic films of all time and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon his best executive role): SCIENCE HEIGHT. The second is this movie, which was made in England a year ago. DIVORCE LADY X is a romantic comedy (WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic attorney, but he is also a complete misogynist. He checks one night at the hotel just before the crowd. This is a very misty night (a type of brown pea soup known to London by the so-called "murderous" mill in the 1950s) and the crowd (who attended a party in the hotel) needed beds. The leadership is trying to get Logan to have one or two social ladies sleep on the couch and a daybed in their rooms, but he refuses. But he does not count Merl Oberon like Leslie Steele. The grandson's granddaughter can enter Logan's room and manipulate him so that she not only agrees to sleep there, but she suits his bed (goes to the couch - a lot of his inconvenience). /> The next day they share breakfast, and in a small camp it is obvious that, despite her distrust of women Logan, Leslie finds herself very attractive. But she refuses to tell her his name in the garment. She is determined to learn more about it, and she finds her attitude towards women who get angry. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. He just suspects his wife, Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes), that she has a matter. In fact, she tells Logan that her Ladyship is with her lover in a hotel that Logan knows is foggy in the night. Logan (naturally) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was the mysterious roommate that night. I will not go into the conspiracy further, except that Leslie will finally find out what error Logan has done and decides to use it to teach him about the lesson about women. The script has a Wodehouse novel, but it is lighter. However, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are great. It shows what a good division can do even with the slightest material. Take a look at some of the little scenes and find out what I mean: Selden's first scene, which complained about her mellow coffee valet who told him correctly (they used their personalities for many years). Or Olivier is engaged in a young office clerk in his office, who believes that two minutes in the office two minutes before (there were, but Oberon and Barnes went together) and eventually thought the poor is simple. Or a waiter in a hotel that can not understand why a tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a slightly charming comedy - but it's very charming.
