No, I'm not joking. If ever, EVER, you have the opportunity to see this movie seen. If you need to cut your hand to see it, look at it. Worth it. <br /> <br /> Fatty Drives The bus is unlike any movie you've ever seen. He takes the waste theater and takes him to a piece of art. While it contains bad shots, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, weird acting, and cinematography that belongs to the public at Iowa, it really succeeds in its film. It strives to be the deepest, strangest and most inhuman movie you've ever seen. A boy sometimes succeeds. I plot a plot for those of you who care about such things (of course, not the filmmakers), but you really do not have to pay too much attention because the whole movie plot is presented in very long text before the initial credit. In any case, the FDTB (as its admirers call it) is the story of a Chicago tour conducted by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city and all bus passengers are supposed to die and all their souls go to hell, except for Jesus in the city, the servant in hell recalls work and that angry Satan, because he does not like the fool before the guy, and so he decides to force people into the bus to sign his soul directly, but he is the devil, so he needs to camouflage, otherwise he could go out with him so he disguised himself like Roger and gets to the bus where the driver must never be named, but it's a little fat, so I think it's Fatty. The bus (and riders) are on a burglary collision course! Examples of some fuss: The title is repeated three times on the screen. I do not know why. The character appears in the middle of the bus without any explanation or introduction, and occasionally sits next to others, and they look at her as though she did not belong. I do not know why. The two characters fall in love and exchange the desire for the views, they are really the same shots repeated over and over again. I do not know why. After Satan gives a minute-long monologue about how he transforms into human form, the headers of the card "enjoy Satan". I do not know why. One character is a woman who is obviously a man in stroke and is referred to by other characters as "charming Bridget". I do not know why. If there was one good thing that came out of my internship at Troma last summer, I got my own copy of Fatty Drives The Bus.
