Responsible time is to provide the Cold Case with information about the murder of a police officer committed several years ago. The murder of Sean Coopera, a good cop, has never been resolved. Detectives naturally believe that new evidence will help them associate all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues. In retrospectives, they bring us to the baptism of James Bruno. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is tension, because Sean, who is a godfather, comes up in disarray and late at the ceremony. Eileen Bruno does not seem to be happy to be there. The real secret reveals it. She caught Sean, who kept Jimmy in the backyard, kissing her husband, and even more shocked, and Jimmy responded willingly. Somewhere on the station, partners became the center of gossip. Sean did not strive for his superior because he discovered involvement with a criminal in his drug-controlled area. Sean realizes that this guy is a drug-strong man, because he always makes an excuse to release his bags of whipping Sean and Jimmy, who still get to the station. The pressure is too much on Jimmy. Sean is content with his homosexuality and wants to be honest. Cooper's father does not want to have anything to do with a strange son. Even his senior McCree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish men serving in police forces. Sean is killed because of his homosexuality and too much knowledge that his peers were involved in collecting dirty money. Tom Petit wrote this sincere depiction of a policeman's life in the closet and his secret love with another fellow. We thought it was a sincere look at a serious matter that no one spoke at the time. Sometimes people who are involved in the exhibition are not afraid of reprisals from sponsors or networks, do not dare to present these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue that is resolved without the sensation that the case could be proven with another team. There is a rare appearance of Chad Everett as an older Jimmy Bruno. To take it directly to the target with a touch of sentimentality that does not get out of hand. Shane Johnson is a great contribution to the show like Sean Cooper. The cast is amazing and contains good performances everywhere under the guidance of Mr. Szwarc. In this episode, Nick Vera, approaches the neighbor, the basketball player's mother, who took the ball away. Nick is heading for romance with that woman!
