Over the years, I have been watching several episodes of a cold case, beginning with the episodes of season 1 in 2003-2004. And while most were good, this episode was not just the best of the best, but in the categories Emmy has several rivals. Although some may disagree with the story (ie Male / Male Relationship), I doubt anyone could follow this without being deeply shifted to their spirit. The story is basically a case that has been reopened on the basis of testimony from the dying drug dealer. Two major actors are two police officers in the 1960s named Sean Coop (aka, the victims of the cold thing that goes under his surname, Coop) and his partner, Jimmy Bruno. <br /> <br /> The story is Coop Single, a Vietnamese veteran, with a deeply troubled past. But Jimmy is married, with no less children. Both are partners to police force and are not only a friendship, but a secret romantic relationship, both of which must hide from the deep and apparently homophobic culture prevalent at the time. <br /> <br /> The backstage of your life is mostly black and white, with bits of color and then sprinkled. Examples include their red units, the yellow curtains gently blew out a window in Jimmy's bedroom, where Jimmy's wife watched Coop and Jimmy as they were drinking, fighting, and then kissing each other while they were in a state-of-the-art alcohol. I found it interesting that only the selected items were colored in flash scenes with all the others in black and white. I still have not found a color scheme and a justification. Clear homophobic tension among colleagues by patrol officers and two central actors only increases the intensity of the episode. One of the key emotional scenes was when Coop was confronted with his father after Jimmy's baptism. In this scene, Coop's father, Sarge, who was a respected fellow officer of this power, confronts Coop about the superstitions surrounding Coope's relationship with Jimmy. At this point, it may happen that Coop justifies, because Coop's father and the shame of Coop's father were on Coope - "You do not shame our family ... and you're not my son." - clearly indicates hostile views of same-sex relationships at the time. Another tension can also be seen in the police cloak, where Coop and the other officer get after Coop and Jimmy are labeled "Batman and Robin homos". As for the relationship between Coope and Jimmy, it is obvious that Coop wanted more in Jimmy's life. Once he sees the tension in Jimmy's face, he has to choose between his commitment to his wife and children, his church, and yet his unwavering commitment to Coop. Jimmy finally leaves Coop for Coop and his family at the same time. Coop is sadly killed, perhaps because of his relationship with Jimmy, but Coop could also be killed for having his knowledge of drug money and police corruption that have reached higher levels. in the whole episode was when Coop, when he was sitting in a dead shot in a roof car, silently spoke his last speech about the police radio to his partners: "Jimmy ... we were happy." <br /> <br /> Choosing the soundtrack was excellent throughout the episode. I really liked the final stage with the acting Chad Everett, who played Jimmy, still grieving, much older and clearly missing his former partner, Coop. I highly recommend this episode and I consider it the best. It's undoubtedly the most strictly written, well-done and well-done of all episodes of a cold case I've ever seen.
