Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudo three-nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> What little is known about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999 was first released as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leija Matsumoto. GE999 is located in the same Space Star Space Wars as another known Matsumoto space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, the space pirate Harlock and other characters from this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) work in GE999. GE999 was successful as a manga and soon followed the popular anime series, which included more than 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later, this anime film came, which is not a sequel to the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in a two-hour film. <br /> <br /> The story stands in the unknown starship type of the future, when traveling to other planets has become a possibility. People of the future can themselves have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, maybe even forever. Protagonist Tetsur Hoshino is a young boy who testifies how cruel Count Mecha, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsuro's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge, and believes that it can only be achieved by a mechanical body. To gain, he has to travel to the far planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, because Tetsurô comes from poverty, he does not have the money to get an expensive ticket. By chance, she meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who resembles her dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô, provided he accompanies him on his way. So the journey starts? <br /> <br /> For the first time I saw this movie in October, about six months and again yesterday. I feel that I must first tell the thing that worried me most about this film: it seems to be very nasty. Then again, what can you expect from a 2-hour long movie that will try to tell the main points of more than 100 episodes of long rows? The situation is changing rapidly and Tetsurô encounters other important characters in the story mostly by accident. I think the creators should have something outside or include an additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> There is no argument that GE999 deserves its place as an anime classic. The very animation, very loyal to Matsumoto's manga, is detailed and beautiful. Even after almost 30 years of its release, animation has not become "obsolete," but many later anime movies are in shame. Music through the movie is nice to listen, even if it was somewhat "old" today (it was the seventies). I have never heard any English oak about this movie so I can only comment on the Japanese sound that is good. Musical actors give life to their characters, of which the most memorable are Masako Nozawa (mainly known as Goku's voice over the whole Dragon Ball) as an excited and young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as a quiet and mysterious Maetel. Supportive characters are not left in the shadows, but they have their own life, the most memorable for me is the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for those who are looking for fun for several hours, and for those who are trying to find deeper news. GE999 is a fun adventure film, but it can also be seen as a Tetsura way from childhood to manhood. The whole movie is narrated from his perspective, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think that many people can bind with Tetsura because, despite fanciful elements, he is very realistic: young, hot, clumsy and naive. We follow him as he begins to see differences between people and machines, and concludes whether he wants a mechanical body or not. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the movie, and even in the end, when he reveals who and what he really is, he does not answer anything. Maetel can be considered the dream of an ever-growing young man, always close, but only out of reach. <br /> <br /> It's a strange, yet beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel, who still awakens talk and questions and fascinates for decades. People claim that their relationship is a relationship between two friends, a mother and a son or two potential lovers (which is a lot of criticism because Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached his puberty). Without any method sounding deep, I think the best term for their description is "mental friends". There is no doubt that they both feel devotion, care, and love to one another, yet they cross the boundaries of friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship was full in one of these categories, it would leave something out of the whole movie and characters. The final scene, although you already know what's going on, is still very moving and unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Overall, despite the rush of scenarios and some scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place as an anime classic among films such as AKIRA Katsuhiro Otomo (1988) and Mamoru Oshii's GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film is directed by Rintar, who had experience with the work of Leiji Matsumoto, who worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro directed the magnificent METROPOLIS (2001), which also casts doubt on the distinction between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that every fan of anime should see at least once.
