I ran a few years ago while surfing on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was probably a 70s cheesy TV movie, the direction and score were well done so much that it caught my attention, and I was really hung up and had to watch it until the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, not noticing that the houseboy finally appeared a few months before) and was very pleased to be able to watch it again (and in full). <br /> <br /> I do not quite understand this phenomenon, but it seems that the 70s have a lock on horror films that are really scary. Decades before the 1970s produced some beautifully shot movies and most of our constant horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not really. Similarly, in the 1970s, we have acquired horror films that are colder, exciting, have much better production value and sophisticated special effects, are fun, fun, have effective "jump" times and some very creative gore use, but again .. they are not really scary! It's something about the atmosphere of 70's of horror films. Grainy film quality. Outstanding dark scenes illuminate extensive high-tech lighting fixtures. The "Dream of the Dream" has diminished the quality of dialogue and the weird and shy EQ scores. A special sense of restlessness and ugliness that penetrate everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 70's films, in the event of horror, works in favor. <br /> <br /> In this movie there are especially silent, intense shots of the devil dog, disturbing. It is much more effective than if they went a more obvious way, how the dog should grow up, slavery and obviously hostile ("Cujo"?). Film creators wisely saved it when a dog appears in a full supernatural form. The effects of this happening, although today they are not envisioned by today's standards, have literally made me sick. The bizarre, vaguely defined "I'm not sure what I'm looking at" looks intuitive, as if it were more like a real supernatural vision than a hyperrealistic, crystal-clear optical printer / digital composition of candy from worse films. <br /> <br /> While the human figures in this movie are not as satisfactorily portrayed as their nemesis or the world in which they live, all the actors do a decent job. Pairing brother and sister from Witch Mountain movies as a yes, brother and sister is rather a Scandinavian piece of stunt, but they do it well. Yvette Mimieux can always be fun if invisible. Richard Crenna is getting more and more empathy from the audience as the film progresses. His self-doubt when he asks whether his alien is actually in the family because of a supernatural conspiracy or whether he is simply subject to paranoid schizophrenia is very well managed, although his idea that getting a routine physical can provide an explanation of what he is experiencing is absurd in his naïveté . The-End-Question-Mark movie ending is the only one I've ever seen that does not feel like a cheap trick, and in fact, I was thinking about the choices of these characters facing the next, and what they could do and how they would they felt it. Detractors of this film may say that it's just a full-length vehicle for some unattractive flash of the retina, but hey, you can say the same thing about the "Blade Runner". :-)
