Samuel Fuller brings his usual playful and stylish direction to this furious and vibrant story and can create one of the unveiled cinemas. 1950. Richard Widmark plays the tough, tough guy thief (a role he has perfected for many films) that refutes the young lady's wallet (Jean Peters) on the New York Underground, and with her a very desirable microfilm. This is 1953, so the microfilm is, of course, the property of comic spies who will not stop in anything to get them back. When a girl appears on a ship in Widmere sent by an abuser to return to the film, Widmark sees the opportunity to sit her and her "comrades" down for big money. The plot is stiff, people start dying, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. Fuller does not like the story of love, but rather of indifference rather than bad writing or direction. It's like having a love story under pressure, and so it's deliberately unbelievable, because love stories were so often and still in Hollywood movies. Peters gives remarkable performance as the rough New Yawk cookie, part of the Gangster minor and part of the girl in distress. When violence comes to her, we really care for her well-being, and it is typical of Fuller's renegade who has come up in his time-style that a happy ending is not necessarily a premature conclusion. the ultimate success of Pickup on the South Street rests directly on Thelma Ritter's exhausted shoulder, which plays Moe, the girl who makes the most money, whether it's a sale of ties or acting as a police informant. Ritter gives his career a career; in a breathtaking monologue, without any moment it gives her a sad trajectory of the life of her character and hopelessness that feels she wakes up every morning in a world of struggle, crime, and difficulty. It is as if every character Ritter ever played converged for a short moment to bleed all the emotions that were not given the chance to vent in the other films. The scene is the pinnacle of Fuller's film and the peak of cinema in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Grade: A +
