This film is a spirited little piece of Sam Fuller's film, which gives Richard Widmark the chance to show some of his best, most irritated acting games in the role of Skip McCoy, a short time of a thief who finds a military secret while choosing a beautiful Candy's pocket (Jean Peters) on a crowded bus. It turned out that Candy is doing a favor for his (ex?) Friend who works for "commies". Is there any secret here about Candy's motives, and Skip spends a lot of the movie that sets her motifs? In fact, it seems that he was originally supposed to be a "comet", going so far as to pour a beer into his face in a violent gesture. But the real question is? what's wrong with Skip? What are his motives and why Candy like her so much? Why do we like our audience so much? In essence, what the filmmakers have done is to create a very remarkable "male fatal" in the Widmara character and his performance. Like a male audience, it tends to think over the length of the movie, such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key," along with the main characters, whether the female character is credible or just a pretty face, creating the movie makers as a dilemma for the audience. Widmark is nice and there's also a spell in his boys' insouciance? but the first two will meet our front lady twice, rob her and then hit her face. Finally the question becomes? would he skip the sink so low that he would sell his land for a buck (his comments to the police, like "waving the flag of the ME" that he suspects us), or is he simply convicted of revenge for the murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure the film gives us a decisive answer in both directions. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's job description deserves a special mention? created a really indelible figure here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "business"? in the form of physical objects, which he uses to draw the audience into his world, in particular, his uses. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be a scene with Victor Perry (an actor I saw elsewhere who had less influence) using a wand to intimidate Candy. Emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skipe provides one of the most notable films of "honor among the thieves". In fact, Skip has the same kind of comfort and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who has a grudge against him. I liked the scene where he invited the police officers by name and offered them a beer when they arrived to pick him at his hut. Are those details that make this film feel real? whether it is really "realistic" or whether it would depend on completely separate issues. Everybody said I would say it's a crime movie that shows a lot of the best and most durable attributes of Film Films "film noir". The predictable conspiracy is offset by a multitude of colorful characters (uniformly well made), cheap sets are masked by the unstoppable pace of the film, and the end product feels much more important than likely. This is the best movie I've ever seen Sam Fuller and helps me see better why he is considered the director's master? here he did some things I think he tried, but in other movies, such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor," he eventually failed to do the very strong acting styles and really grabbing tensions. Is this one of my favorite Widmark shows I've seen so far? and Widmark was a talent I'm tempted to tell (based on a few extraordinary films I've seen), comparable to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he did not understand so many classic films.
