"The Shock Corridor (1963)" was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and I was impressed by the imaginative mix of B-film and the aesthetics of a great budget, even though the story itself was a pure scholod. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was published ten years ago in Fuller's career, apparently being produced with a bigger budget than the big name Twentieth Century-Fox. However, visualization is still remarkable by the fact that photography is a rather crude, naturalistic element, not unlike Dassin's "Night and Town (1950)" and Kazan's "Panic in the Streets (1950)" by cameraman Joe McDonald. In some scenes, Fuller sums up the camera so close to the faces of his actors that they are out of focus, more intimately recording intimate thoughts, emotions and short bending that are communicated through the most revealing facial features, eye. Though (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama, and only with a hint of anti-Communist propaganda, is Pickup on South Street a strong movie that has the most evocative setting? underground of New York. When the pocket jumped McCoy (Richard Widmark), she pressed the woman's handbag on the subway (Jean Peters), he pockets more than he had originally negotiated. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly former boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) have shifted the Communists to top secrets, and McKoy unexpectedly gained an important role in microfilms. Will he turn to MacGuffin at the appropriate authorities or sell the highest bid? If "Pickup on South Street" is a mistake, it's a story that seems to be designed exclusively to support the anti-Communist agenda that since World War II (Dwight Taylor, who has added the story, also wrote that "Home (1944) No apparent reason, any identifiable character - even self-serving Skip McCoy - eventually becomes a sacrificial patriotism, a transformation predictable from the start.In the traditional film noir, an ever-unjustified criminal gets his arrival, a rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they served their country, patriotism wipes the slate clean Richard Widmark, an actor I really like to play with a fluffy pocket with a quiet, though always with a hint of poor comfort that suggests that he bit more than he can chew. The opening scene on the train is the best movie because McCoy breathes and silently handles in hand is in her hand and reminds Bresson's Pickpocket (1959) Thelma Ritter is awesome as a tired aisle-woman who will inform who willingly pays her (although of course draws the line in the Commies). Jean Peters is well overshadowed when a rising lady shifts information to the other side, playing a role almost entirely rid of spell; Fuller reportedly cast an actress on observation that she had a slightly bent prostitute walk. However, Peters must suffer a fictional affair with Widmark, which actually reduces the attempts of the film to realism. Fascinating, after its release, Pickup on South Street was immediately condemned as FBI Communist propaganda, and the Communist Party condemned her to the exact opposite. Go find out.
