Outstanding Sam FULLER at JUST STREET is picking lots of early 1950s with low budgets. With a duration of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is hard, harsh, explosive, and endlessly entertaining. Widmark stars as a pocket Skip McCoy, who has already been raised three times. Still, McCoy can not keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and the problems are exactly what he slips when he turns to the gangster turtle wallet Candy (Jean Peters). Candy's wallet contains a microfilm invaluable for the Communist movement, and it's her last job for former boyfriend Richard Kiley to deliver. However, when Widmark picks up, Peters has to do everything he needs to regain a movie that he does not know (initially). <br /> <br /> It is a tasty set with the character Widmara, KISS OF DEATH, a real live wire, unpredictable and hard, yet curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum entered the role of the noir movie, you knew what you were about to get: a lonely anti-hero who retains moral integrity and wins at the end (Bogart), or a very laconic guy who allows him to be trapped (Mitchum) . With Widmark you just do not know what you're up to, and with incredibly modern actor style (his movies always keep well), it's amazing to watch. Here he is torn between selling the film or passing it over to the police and fighting the Commies on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never hit Peters to avoid the deadly fourth rap on his sheet. Peters earns her best role as a golden-hearted Candy. Widmark's unpredictability is best expressed in his scenes with Peters; The beautiful tramp (and somewhat incredible - the romantic angle rather hurts) falls under Widmark's charm, but Widmark alternates between kissing her or slapping her. Peters has a hard beauty, but the lack of overly painted Hollywood spell (Lana Turner would never work well in this role) is a great asset to the film. Candy is not innocent, she is very vulnerable, she is constantly passing through men. Widmark knocks cold on the first meeting and wakes her up by pouring beer on her face, but the end result is much sadder for her (after the cop from Kiley survived the hell). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it is. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as the Moe stool, which deserves her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the movie, is frantic, real, and heartbreaking honest. Her death is overwhelming. Fuller's camera motion and positioning are especially interesting. Fuller loved good close up and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of inconvenient, rich engagements that only increase the tension of plot. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera shot longer than the standard Old Hollywood really allowed, but amazingly moves away from Ritter's death scene to give the audience the maximum impact. City locations and unusual, confrontational camera angles give PICK UP to SOUTH STREET, a bold, uncompromisingly modern look. 10/10.
