Samuel Fuller is barely one of the best American directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of the big craftsmen in Hollywood. But it definitely stands there with the best Hollywood true professionals who are willing to march to their own music. While he was working in Hollywood studies, he knew how to take the task, shape the material he was delivering, and then transform it quickly and efficiently into something that is usually better than his parts ... on time and on budget. Pickup on South Street is the case. On the surface, it's one of Hollywood's early fifty anti-comedy films, supplemented by patriotism, a tough hero and a slim (and very frantic) bad man. Fuller takes this bag of Hollywood clichés into a tense, exciting drama with any number of unused twists. Hero, Skip McCoy, is a triple loser, a small step with soft fingers that will not change his bands to the end. The Candy Girl, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to move if you are so inclined. One of the most appealing characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to the Hollywood struggle against the Commies, apse on patriotism falls on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by anything so exciting. He just wants a payoff for a personal reason and goes ... at least so far ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> Plus, all actors were mostly assigned to Fuller in the studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark has now established his star and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. He gives a beautiful portrait of a sexy and silly woman and she is no better than her friends ... or her clients ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later becomes twice awarded Tony on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was the actor who caused us, I think he introduced "The Impossible Dream" from Mana de La Mancha, more than anything else, this story about a pickpocket choosing a purse in the subway and finding it with microfilm secrets instead of cash being watched by the Federals and the Comedy, moves forward with a big economy. The whole business with classic noir view takes just 80 minutes. Dialogue, with Fuller as a screenwriter, he has the ringing, somewhat pungent, hard-boiled style of pulsing fiction. "The muffin you've been absorbing ... is all right," says a character who asks for Candy. Fuller moves us fast enough from scene to scene to keep us on what's coming. Fuller then throws the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story grows into a whole new level of interest, a partial comedy, and a partial sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> The thing that I like most about in the movie is how Fuller has turned out to have the talent and power of Fuller. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, Fuller begins immediately after counting credits to show us what the story is and to show us what characters - Skip and Candy - are going to deal with. And it does so with so many tempting curiosities in that hot, wrapped meter that we can only feel Fuller set his hook to catch us. Glenn Erickson says, in my opinion, one of the best film critics: "In what should be an insignificant story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar view of americanism from the bottom up: a stark, aggressive self-interest that fully recognizes what it is bad and what is right and not afraid to fight for it As always in his work, the individuals who fight the most for their country are the least likely to benefit from this effort, and right after 55 years, the film is still alive.
