"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed, short-time crime drama that suddenly finds itself in the work of a group of Communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and dynamics is maintained by some brilliant adaptation. Using a wide variety of camera angles and effective detail also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's style of directing and cinematography by Joseph MacDonald is excellent, and there are many scenes that, due to their composition and lighting, create a strong sense of mood and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace pocket and repeat offender Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) gets into the deep water when he steals a wallet from a young woman Candy (Jean Peters) on a subway in New York. It was used by a former boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to deliver one of his contacts in the Communist organization, and we do not know it carried American secret secrets recorded on microfilms. Two FBI agents watched Candy and witnessed theft. One of the agents is still returning to Joey's apartment, and another Zara (Willis Bouchey) is visited by Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been watching Candy for several months as part of her persecution of the Communist Party leader. To identify the Tiger's pocket, Tiger calls the "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter), which gives a list of the eight possible suspects after providing a precise description of the "cannon" way of working. Once Tiger sees the name of Skip on the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man who needs to trace and sends two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is transferred to the Tiger office, Zara tells him about the microfilm, and Tiger offers that if he cooperates with the investigation, he will offer him some fees. Skip the flippant and arrogant. He does not seem to believe the Tiger and denies any knowledge of theft on the subway. Joey orders Candy to find out who steals the microfilm and then fetches it. Candy pays Moe for Skipo's address, and when Skip does not return to questioning Tiger, she finds Candy looking for her home and knocking her unconscious before he steals money. When he returns, Skip calls for $ 25,000 for a microfilm. She tells Joey about Skip request and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to restore the microfilm to the following evening. Skip and Candy are attracted to each other, and it's because of their turbulent, developing relationship that they are developing a means of getting rid of the police. However, it soon emerges that resolving issues with the communist gang will only be achieved by more direct actions. The depictions of Skip, Candy, and Moe as characters that inhabit the sad world in which they are forced to face a significant risk on a daily basis are strong and convincing. Moe's job as a police informant is dependent on her knowledge of people in her community, but they also know what she's doing, and any of them can try to take revenge at any time. She seems to be cunning and streetwise, but she also has her vulnerable side as described as "the old clock runs down" and saves money to have a decent funeral at an exclusive cemetery on Long Island. Her belief that "every buck has its own meaning" leads her to sell all information regardless of danger, friendship or principles, yet there is one chance she rejects, and it turns out to be fatal. The performance of Thelma Ritter has certainly earned her Oscar nomination for her role. Skip is a violent criminal without worrying about his victim and has already been sentenced in the past three times, living under the constant threat of being imprisoned if convicted again. In spite of this, he continues his criminal activity and strangely, it is only philosophical when Moe betrays his place of residence and later even ensures that Moe receives a type of fun that is so highly valued. Candy is a former prostitute and someone whose activities are constantly threatening her, but behind her paved exterior is gradually becoming warmer. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their roles and as Ritter depicts different aspects of their personalities with great style and conviction.
