This film provides the saga of legendary Wild Bill Hickock. Buffalo Bill Cody and Calamity Jane are central figures. When the civil war closes, Lincoln mentions his fear that the dynamics of the country will improve if people follow the "Go West, a young man", who, mercifully, did not mistakenly attribute this film to Horace Greeley, as did many other . But then he is murdered and some financiers speculate that they can sell weapons to the rich American Indians. Meanwhile, we see Wild Bill Hickock, who is behaving with a little boy, while the steamer is docked along the Mississippi. Wild Bill uses Bowie's knife, which ultimately gives boys and is called "Arkansas Toothpick", which in fact was another type of knife, though both were used across the border. <br /> <br /> Hickock eventually meets Buffalo Bill Cody, who is looking close to the photos and pictures of a real man. Cody just married and brings his bride to the Old West to settle down. When he arrives at the destination, he encounters Calamity Jane, who has crushed Hickock. She looks at Cody's wife and asks Buffalo Bill, "Is it your mop?" The line was such that Hayes had a problem because one definition of "mopsy" was a prostitute. Demille wanted a line, and one of his associates pointed out that in the books of Beatrix Potter about Peter Rabbit, the three rabbits were Flops, Mops, and Cottontail. He showed it and asked the censors to identify the "rabbit of bad virtue". It worked; the line stayed. The Indians were restless, partly because of the extraordinary equipment they obtained from an agent of Eastern Financial Agents. Cody and Hickock were asked to help scout in this area so that soldiers could safely reach the area that was attacked. Cody led the soldiers; Hickock went to see the activity of the Indian boss, who was an old friend and who led some of the enemy Indians. Calamita Jane is captured and Hickock is captured and trying to save her. They are brought to the boss, and although neither will speak, the torture applies to Hickock, who violates the will of Kalamita Jane, and tells the way Cody uses. Two are released and Hickock joins Cody and his forces, partly to warn them that he is trapped. With Hickok's help, they will repel an Indian attack. Hickock decides to run as a runner and eventually takes them. When they wait for the authorities, Hickock is shot dead by being shot in his back while playing cards. The film has numerous historical anomalies, but retains the reputation of a legend. Pretty good for the 1930s.
