In this excellent film, noir Twentieth-Century Fox, the metropolis is a labyrinth of despair, in which survivors of refugees and predators have survived each other. Brooding urban sceneries that are lower in the expressionist symbolism than the ghostly humanity. The prostitute has a purse caught in the subway. It contains a microfilm and the Communist spy ring will seek to recover. Two parallel investigations are unfolding because both spies and cops catch precious information. <br /> <br /> Anti-hero pocket Skip McCoy is played with respectful reassurance by Richard Widmark. He knows the cops, who are his moral equal and intellectual subordinates, so he doubts: "Continue," says Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "take charge." In this helpless world, the cops are just another gang in the streets. Just like Candy the bark of Lightning Louie bribes get the lead, so the police is busy paying the pigeons for information. It is hard to believe that when Widmark made this film he was already in the early Middle Ages. The 39-year-old star, who has come to terms with Fox, plays the start of Skip McCoy with the incomprehensible teenager's roughness. Today, it may not be acceptable for romantic leadership to make his loving interest unconscious, and then he revives her with a beer in her face, but according to the morality of time it was tough - and Candy is after all a fallen woman. br /> <br /> Jean Peters is brilliant as Candy. Here, in the midst of the B-movie five-year blast of glory, she is beautiful and sweet as a golden-hearted bitch. It is a sacrifice story, a martyr of her beauty as well as anything else. She does mean well, but she's still manipulated by cynical men - Joey, Skip, and the cops. The real star of this movie is New York. Stunning city panoramas and metro stations are offering claustrophobic evocations of the city as lively, malevolent forces. Like the worms in rotting cheese, the city's bypasses pass through human figures. Elevators, subway turnstiles, walkways - even a stupid waiter act as a pipeline for a stream of corrupt humanity. People who hold a niche that provides security: Moe has his dirty leased room, Skip your dark hut on the Hudson River. As the characters move and act, they are framed by bridge architecture or beam girders, or divided by hanging the winch. The personality of the city is constantly being saved. The angles and cross beams on the wooden islands are a reflection of a graveyard alley plan and a squat cardboard box that mimics the cityscape of Manhattan. When Joey's exit from the subway is blocked, it's as if the city's steel tendons are being irradiated. Surprising part of this film is filmed in extreme detail. The character drives the fence as it is, and the close-up are used to increase the character. When Skip picks up Candy, she closes down the sexual energy between them and suffers the hostility of Skip words. The beauty of Jean Peters is painted in light, in gorgeous finesse. The device is also used to amplify the voltage. The opening sequence, the handbag error, does not contain any dialogue: the drama relies solely on the close-up for its powerful effect. Snoopers and snoopers on snoopers, to fill the movie. Moe (Thelma Ritter) lives as an informant and her place in the hierarchy is also accepted by her victims. When Skip follows, "he must eat," sings the recurring chorus. Just as "straight" New Yorkers divide lamb chops or lumber, the underworld moves in the commodity of information. And yet the pigeon pigeons are the superiors of Joey and his Communist friends. Joey's legs on Moe's bed symbolize the violation of the most basic moral code. Joey is pale. Moe will not trade with Joey without saving his life: "... even in our crazy work, he has to draw a line somewhere." "Pick-up" was made in the deep Cold War. Richard Nixon has just been elected Republican vice presidential candidate, named after his fake Alger Hiss exposed by a fake communist microfilm and all. McCarthy's test was a day-to-day reality. We see that the police in the film deal with "traitors who have given Stalin A-bomb". New York can be seen as a giant pot in which human morsels cheat, wail and kill. Containers form a leitmotif throughout the film. Moe carries his box of ties, and a candidate handbag, a microfilm container, is the engine of the land. Jump keeps his only property in a submerged box symbolizing his secret street wisdom. The Austrian coffins, moving down the Hudsse on the boat, are containers of only one additional cargo that moves after a ruthless metropolis. The film is a masterpiece of composition. Candy is displayed above the jump edge. Skip to the broken hut of the hut and mark her moral rise. When the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective makes it look bigger than Candy - violence begins to suffer with compassion. Lovers are overshadowed by the shadow of the hook on the stevedores and remind us that their love is neither absolute nor absolute, but depends on the whims of a sinister city. The Enyard Communist is a shadow on the wall or the exhausted exhaust of cigarette smoke. It's like a cat with a lonely alley between garbage - the predatory ghost of the night. Camera shots under the hoods of a taxi, inside newspaper kiosks and over hospital bed bars, are constantly strengthening us in the awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. We are civilization mulching.
