Pickup On South Street is one of the best movies ever recorded. Example of Directing: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to browse her purse and notes that her wallet is missing, there is an alarm in the building inside her - as if there was an alarm in her head. It's not a cartoon - it's gently woven into the background in a way that will keep you on a subconscious level until you see the movie several times and it just "knocks" that an alarm bell sounds when it starts furiously crossing the bag. Richard Widmark is at the top of his game as an intelligent alec - it's really great - but the top performance of the film was the first scene for "Moe" street salesman / informant, played by Thelma Ritter. Later in your apartment you can not see a movie - you see a real man. I have never seen someone behave so really, I felt I was looking into the real room until Ritter's performance-until the hair was a little stuck when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> A million more things just worked * from the way Lightning Louie chooses money with chopsticks on the way Candy jewelry clicks when she moves Moe's hand away from her brooch, Moe gets dollars and the transition from the captain to the FBI's chest - and even the captain opens his box, as he has been doing in this room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is a detailed motion (directing) with excellent performance (acting) and superb nostalgic visual imagery of the day, such as a panel wagon, waterfall huts, a dumbwaiter, and an unforgettable place. Skip your pocket picking. Beautiful thing. "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies where, although characters are not perfect, you are interested in them - perhaps because they were somewhat branded in their past in paths that are difficult to escape: Skip as "Triple Lost" Candy as a young woman who "knocked" a lot. When these people behave a little more than you'd expect, they're some new ways to help you look like you're looking at people you can never imagine-and yet you know they're possible because the actors are so noticeably human .
