** SPOILERS ** From the moment her favorite bride disappeared at sea, Phyllis murder mysterious author Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, has a strong suspicion that it was Phyllis' husband Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, who was responsible for her death. In fact, Abigail is convinced that he murdered her and made it look like a tragic accident. We knew there was no evidence that Edmund was arrested for the death of Phyillis and decided to adopt the law in his own hands. Abigail is preparing this complicated plan to do it and to look like a deadly Phyllis tragic accident. When Edmund secretly returns to his mansion to give him a safe combination when he is about to leave for New York holidays, Abigail urges him to come in to block the surprised Edmund in. when the sound is tough on anyone in the house, the servant servant and Verig's secretary Abigail, Mariette Hartley, hears him screaming for help, and the next day Edmund finds himself suffocated to death. Veronica discovered Edmund's body when she was going to postpone to keep her safe, Abigail's latest murderous mysterious manuscript. Columbo, Peter Falk, is being summoned to the case of Edmund Garvin's strange death to find out if it is a murder or a tragic accident. When he walks through Edmund's apartment, Columbo is disturbed to find that he does not have one photo of his late wife, which is missing for a month! This relates to what Abigail always felt in Edmund, that he was not in love with Phyllis, and also suspected in Abigail's mind, murder. <br /> <br /> Columbo, a great fan, along with his wife Abigail's murderous mysterious novels, finds it hard to realize that she was in fact responsible for Edmund's death. All the evidence points to Abigail, including a pair of missing keys for the cars that was Edmunds. It all proved that Abgail was actually in the house, not on the way to the airport when Edmund was locked inside the vault. <br /> <br /> Walking through all the evidence, Columbo comes with this strange conclusion that Edmund must leave some evidence inside the vault in writing about who his killer is. This conclusion is quickly checked when it is discovered that Edmund did not even have a pencil or pencil or light burned with a safe bulb to write it. There's also something special that's inside the security safe that Lieutenant Columba has been thinking since he came to the case. This is the rest of the black color found under the dead Edmund's nails and the belt buckle! <br /> <br /> This is evidence that, along with many other items in the Vault, kills Edmund's murder on the dirty and very cunning secret writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund let Abigail unknowingly convict himself in his last attempt, because the air in safe space was exhausted by his breath when he used burned matches to write to Abigail the last manuscript that murdered him: Abigail Mitchell!
