After Cecil B. DeMille's failure to make a crusade, Cecil B. DeMille stopped filming non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were about our history since Jean Lafitte after World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first feature was this film, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok and Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not as a thief as usual) was General George A. Custer and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought at Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). In essence, the film will capture the history of the US after the Civil War. Lincoln is shown at first and talks about the next step when Lee surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more about this point later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. April 14 had to be busy for Abe - in "Virginia City" she gave Errol Flynn a justification at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. While Lincoln was concerned about the West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency concerned the reunification of former Confederate states and their citizens into the Union as soon as possible. It was a Reconstruction that caught his attention, not West (except for the problems of Maximilian and his French forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent degraded general John Pope, defeated in the second manassas, to Minnesota to destroy the serious Indian war Sioux (subject of McKinley's Cantor's novel Sprit Lake). Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson to make it quite effective, and the rebellion divided. However, with Lincoln's real attention to Western issues, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "the border would be safe." There is nothing to say that he could not say, but that is hardly a profound statement by the leading statesman. "Teddy Roosevelt said," Eat a healthy breakfast every morning for your health. "A profound claim to politics, it is at best a statement about recognizable facts." Cooper has changed to a lesser mantra, like the Lincoln version of Monroe's doctrine, is ridiculous. Typical for the way DeMille scripts have really bad common sense errors in them. <br /> <br /> However it is not a devastating m istake. "Plainsman" is an adventure film and as such has the full benefit of DeMille's filmmaker. As such, it is worth seeing. But not as a textbook about Lincoln's political thoughts or his quote.
