Kim Basinger plays as Della, a housewife who has twins (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gairo and Erika-Shaye Gairo), and Kenneth's mischievous smell played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The film opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, driving a nice car that I could add. He's on his cell and he's quarreling with the business partner I suppose. When he returns home, he sees that the floor is a clutter of boots and toys. This makes him even more disturbed, and marries Dell and asks her why the house is always messy. He raised her to the wall. Double watch from the stairs. He throws a wall, leaves a hole in it, and leaves. She tends to children, trying to reassure them. After all is told in cash, he has to go to the mall to make some last-minute purchases and because he's off the wrapping paper. It gets there and the parking lot is full, because there are plenty of shoppers at the last minute. While looking for a parking space, he notices that the car occupies two spaces and it scares her. Finally, he finds a parking space, crosses the car and leaves a note under the scrawl label, which he calls the "self-propelled burglar". Then he will go to the shopping mall where he will shop at the last minute. When he finally leaves the shopping center, he closes and many people are gone. Not the owner of the car she left a note of, she notices she's on the way to the vehicle. She also notices that the note she left behind the wiper is no longer there. Strange. When he gets to his car, he gets to start. She notices that there is a car behind her that prevents her from backing up. He leaves the car to be confronted with the owner of the car (Chuckie - played by Lukas Haas), whom he noticed. The wailing follows, and the police cop (no, not Paul Blart) gets on their way to see what the problem is, just to get his brains out of Chuckie's head. As it happens, Della jumps in her vehicle, runs her and drives through the median in front of her. Chuckie and his posse are in the car and chase. Della ends up breaking his car into a wooden pile while developing housing, but is undamaged. He can get to the back of his car, open the hatchback and grab the toolbar before the burglars get there. <br /> <br /> With that, Della spent the rest of the night trying to get over and run with killer weapons armed only with instruments that have weapons in his set of instruments. The first one killed, in my opinion, is the best. The first killing that Della is working on. The last one was probably the weakest and should be the best because it was the main villain she was going to do. <br /> <br /> I admit that there are some people who are postponed to buy the end and I left myself a little. Overall it was a fun movie and it's a lot going for 1 hour and 20 minutes.
