WARNING, SPOILER! Many people told me that the "monkey planet" was Tim Burton's worst film, and much weaker than the original film. So I decided I could not see it. Another friend who has not seen the movie has recommended me to look at it because "Tim Burton's film is still a film by Tim Burton." I decided to do it and found out she was right. Obviously, the remake of this famous film as a "monkey planet" is automatically influenced by commercial thought. Still, Tim Burton mastered his film to represent his strange playfulness as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you already like Burton, it's hard not to love one of his movies, even if he has some flaws: a monkey screams, a monkey and a leading actor who could be replaced without any problems by others. <br /> <br /> What the film gives us in the first place is the answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton is instructed to create a remake? Above all, Burton would not be Burton if he did not refuse to say at the beginning that it was a remake; it's `re-imagining '. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his film played the first film version of Charlton Heston (as a human) and knows that without his model there is no remake and that he does not compare these two films. So the only thing he does is play with this comparison at every moment of his movie, eg G. by referring to quotation marks. As for the story-line, Burton does a great job by responding to the open questions of the original first, and then driving the whole audience to despair by destroying this gorgeous clarity and ending the movie with? AND HERE IS THE SPOILER? Leo returned to the ground and found himself in a world that seemed to be contemptuous for the people forever. <br /> <br /> Now it's the Burton response to the expectations of the people it holds for the stunning, shocking end of the first "planet of monkeys." The end, even more unexpected, surprising and utterly confusing, because? and I disagree with the different "bellows planets" - home pages and platforms? it makes no sense. It can not make sense or just so complicated that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his harsh games, doing it with a smile and doing it well. Burton fans will surely like, others may feel betrayed and complain of some sort of manners. Well, I do not think the producers ever asked Burton to re-adjust the remake?
