He first saw half-life on black and white TV in the small village of Samoan and thought he was cheerful. Now that I have seen it for the second time, so much later, I will not find it cheerful. I will not find anyone anymore. But it's a humorous and reckless comedy that moves quickly without a jump and I really enjoy it. It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who dies to get into one of the armed forces. He cuts the lamp into the wreck he manages, and the genie seems to be giving him a few wishes. (Ho bum, though? Although the introduction is nothing more than just fine, the fantasies are quite alive.) MacMurray tells the genie that he wants to be in the army. Poof, and marching with Washington's soldiers into a particularly warm and invited USO, where June Haver and Joan Leslie wear plenty of lacy treats or whatever they are, and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray to spy on the enemy - the red coating, the German-speaking Hessians, not the British. The Hessians are stuck in Bierstube and sing a very funny song that praises the virtues of Vaterland, "where the white wine and the Rhine water is Rhinier / a bratwurst is mellower / and yellow hair is yellow / a Frauleins are jesle / and goose steps are goosier." Something like that. Characterization is wonderful, just as good as Sig Rumann. Otto Preminger is a suspect and sinister heiress general. "You know, Heidelberg, he's against you 241-1, but he's not afraid." <br /> <br /> I can not go too long with these fantasies, but they're pretty funny, and that's the lyrics too. When he wants to be in the navy, MacMurray is filming with Columbus and fantasy is portrayed as a spectacular opera. "Do not you know that the cruise to the west has meant / a terribly costly investment? / And who do you think provides, but Isabella, Queen of Queens." When he sees the New World, someone remarks that it looks great. "I do not care how it looks," Columbus murmured, "but this place will be called Columbusland." In any case, everything was finally straightened, though the genie is quite drunk this time, and MacMurray developed with the right girl in the naval corps. I thought it sounded too cute, maybe, but it's cute. Children will enjoy smoke smoke and magic and the story of love. Adults get kicked out of more challenging parts of the story (who are Hessians?). If they are not by chance college graduates, in that case they might want to stick to legerdemain and say: "Wow! Awesome!"
