When I went through a movie on the Fox Channel on a lazy Friday afternoon, I can not think of a better way to spend a lazy Friday night, and then I'll take two cents for it. Especially when you consider the lack of user comments. Does not every movie, good or bad, require more than four comments? And this movie is not bad at all. The first thing to keep in mind when watching a movie like April Love is to remember the time it came from, in this case, in the late 1950s. The films were quite a happy medium then. The cinema was simple tragedy, while the screens were filled with Technicolor wide-screen films to turn people away from the gray radiation of bad media in a box called TV. I do not know how many people were away from the ring to see it, but I managed to capture it for 97 minutes. Teen Idol Pat Boone plays Nick Conover, a young teenager sent to live with her aunt Henrietta (Jeanette Nolan) and uncle Jedem (Arthur O'Connell) outside in the country after being put on a probation car theft. It seems that his aunt and uncle have lost their son (Jed Jr.), so Uncle Jed seems to have lost his desire to live. Aunt Henrietta hopes that Nick, who is on the farm, will certainly drive out of his courage. Story lines like what they are, Jed and Nick really do not care too much. Jed then meets his neighbors Fran (Dolores Michaels) and Liz (Shirley Jones) Templeton. Immediately this is Fran, and of course I do not have to say that Liz is developing to Jed. Then there's the matter of a horse, Uncle Jede, a trotter that has become wild and will not allow anyone to deal with him from the death of a Jr. You might be able to fill in everything that's happening right now, no real surprise. It does not matter, however, that you will like it. <br /> <br /> Once you get through the image of pure Pat Boone, as an allegedly bad boy, you will not have any problems with the rest of the movie. Because Boone surpasses surprisingly good performance like Nick. Sure, this role does not require a lot of depth, but it's still a pretty good job if you least expect it. As Poison, Arthur O'Connell is the perfect choice for a role. At an early age he is unattainable and cold, but as he slowly heats up to Nick, we see he is a really good person. Jeannette Nolan is a lot of fun because Henrietta, who is constantly playing part of the mediator between Jed and Nick. Shirley Jones moves from Rodgers and Hammerstein and gets some opportunities to love her with her singing talent. As Liz is amazing to look at, listen to it, and occasionally fun again. Dolores Michaels as Fran, who is a bit more on the wild side, is equally entertaining. The best thing about April Love is that the screen is not true. No real thief in the whole thing. Everyone is so funny you can not help but enjoy the movie. I'm honest, it's pretty refreshing, as if your problems were behind you and looking forward to a summer picnic with friends. Imagine it as an old show of Andy Griffith with musical numbers, a little more plot and a wide screen Technicolor. The songs are a mixed bag with the title song April Love, which is the best of them. Another thing I really like is that they did not leave behind the blue screen while watching horse racing and that they are a bit more fun and exciting. In fact, you will find the whole movie beautifully photographed and it was nice to see that they did not escape in that department. Chemistry between Jones and Boone is good. The best of all is how he does not like Nick and Jed, how each attempt tries to gain some respect in some way. This movie will never be confused with a big cinema. Still, sometimes, instead of going to Disneyland, you just need a nice trip to the park, and that's what Oak love does. <br /> <br /> My rating: B + <br /> <br />
