I have to be 100% honest with your IMDb co-workers. I wanted to see this film for a long time just because of the poster. Does not Charlotte Gainsbourg look incredibly sexy and smiles so gracefully? I'm in love with that woman! I got what I expected ... but only half. This movie should bring expectations to those who love romantic comedies or stories involving smart humor and light-dramatic situations. <br /> <br /> Although I do not agree with another IMDb user who says the movie is overrated, I have to admit that Préte-moi ta main has a lot of mistakes. My main problem with the film is the lack of chemistry on the screen between the main characters. There is no scene that precedes the climax that shows the main characters who share a moment of "romance" or even a footprint that indicates they are interested. just the scene was both sharing the moment is extremely clumsy (when both are in the sofa) and does not help the audience to understand the possible love of interest. I did not buy dinner. The film still brings very fun moments and has strong dialogues that support such an extraordinary premise. I think it would be pointless that it would be very difficult to do these days with a 43-year-old man. <br /> <br /> I understand it's a movie, and that's why I find it a fun situation. Plus, humor is versatile. Moments include S & M, funny links with Chabatu's best friend, lesbian links, fun family situations, and more. Charlotte Gaionsbourg's performance is top-notch and is by far the reason to watch the movie. It's funny, sexy, looks very thin and subtle, and shows she's a versatile and talented actress who can pull comedy and dramatic performance in utter brilliance. Alain Chabat is a fine actor and gives very good performance. I think supported casting does what they can. Score, artistic direction and other technical aspects are really good and give a dynamic view of the film. this film should be delighted after the credits are over. It's a good example of how to feel good.
