Before the Crash appeared, this interesting movie was called Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the former film, Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who have met their friends for life. Crash was a bit better for me, but Grand Canyon was not one of them. <br /> <br /> Venue in Los Angeles, Mack's senior lawyers (Kevin Kline), just to break his car in the worst time. He asks for a towing car and has to wait for a while until he is threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the towing truck gets to the perfect moment and Simon (Danny Glover) comes out to leave. Both men are at risk, but Simon can get in, Mack, and the car from a narrow reserve. It's from there that the two men have developed a friendship throughout their lives, when Mack helps Simon just as Simon helped him out of a dangerous situation before. You see that Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children and is worried that her eldest son, who walks along the streets with some bad people at night. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as throwing Simon and his friend Jane (Alfre Woodard). This is the main scene of the movie, but there are other smaller lands including the same (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who find an abandoned child shortly after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film role) to camp for the summer and will probably be at the forefront of his own life early. Details of all these plots are linked to a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to link different scenes. This simple fence works very well and greatly helps with the flow of the story. Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date was The Big Chill, created a wonderful film here. The cast is excellent and most of them are well thought out, but unfortunately it is not big enough because some points to make the film even stronger have been overlaid. The story of the secretary is one and the other concerning Simon's nephew is the second. These scenes should be more detached from the whole story, and perhaps it would be possible that Lawrence Kasdan's views of life between the top and bottom would be higher than good. Still Grand Canyon has surpassed expectations, and yes, you get to look at the view of the canyon from which this film was named. Steve Martin also has a small role as Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his own views of life and has a small role in the imagination of this film.
