If you really want to know how most actors and directors on the scene in Hollywood have "done" where they are, the overwhelming majority will tell you (assuming she says) that there was a strange match. It happened that they met the right people at the right time and got into the right project that led to further connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino received an acting class whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up the backstage from the sleeping old woman on a lecture by a famous playwright who helped him land an important role. And Robin Williams is giving his son Gary Marshall, who has suggested to his father "Star Wars" to visit Cunningham's Happy Days. These coincidences, often considered pure luck, today make up many of Hollywood careers. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible that something else is happening? The "Grand Canyon," written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a completely different explanation for an inexplicable, albeit strange, miraculous coincidence. The film is about several different characters whose life is interwoven for a positive and yet inexplicable incident. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is experiencing disintegration in one of the more dangerous areas of LA. After he calls the tractor, the young gang realizes it. There is a risk of violence if he does not leave the car. Just before the confrontation can escalate, Danny Glover appears as a towing truck driver and dampens the intentions of the gang. Though Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. Producer (Steve Martin) of low violent films is shot dead and after his separation he has a spiritual experience. He then announces retirement from blood and gore entertainment. And wife Kline, Clair (Mary McDonnell), during morning yoga, finds a child hidden in some sheets. She claims that the child called for her and that her "rescue" child was destined. The film also explores the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, ending relationships and new beginnings. And all the time, a strange, homeless person appears in the movie as if in some way connected with all that's going on. It is very rare that in Hollywood, or in film in general, such a purely esoteric subject. There are a few moments that seem somewhat unbelievable, but maybe that's the reason. What makes a movie is an excellent acting cast. While miracles and coincidences may seem far-reaching, actors will believe you are experiencing this new reality. Maybe this is a topic we should examine more often.
