Later I returned to the Grand Canyon when I decided to design the top ten lists of the nineties. I first saw the movie when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed and recommended highly, Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I finally caught it on the video a year later. It's a great movie, a strong movie, a healing film, about listening to power, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times and entertaining me and inspiring me every time I look. But why are bad reviews for this movie? Maltin's film guide gives him two out of four. Too melodramatic, too random, too weak, are the words I read the most. Yes, there is a melodrama in this story and yes, there is also a lot of coincidence. But it brings strength and strength that seems flexible. For all the "land" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as shots, police pursuits, earthquakes, love affairs, the discovery of a female child in the bushes, another shooting, almost a new driver's accident and a secular counsel from the homeless, this film wins for clever performances by Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfred Woodard, Danny Glover, and Jeremy Sisto. It also sighs because of the lean direction and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know it's not just another film when you're thinking about a sequel at the beginning of the movie that includes Kevin Kline being harassed by four black cubs. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver who helps the character of Kline, but before he gets bored, the leader of the pile. Listen to the dialogue as the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me or because I have a gun?" Grand Canyon is filled with one perceptible scene after another. Steve Martin was to be nominated as the best acting actor as a film producer who has a heart change and a subsequent change of mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can bring us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but that we must constantly fight, not rest. I'm afraid the Grand Canyon can be lost forever in the wilderness of a new edition in a video rental shop. But when we deal with older versions with a value of up to 99 cents, we ask that someone who has read this far in reviews from the reviewer who thanked you after you rented it, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another film with a great set of deep humanistic themes, you will love the Grand Canyon.
