This is a great adaptation and great miniseries in itself. Shortening the plot could disappoint the fans of the book (but how many modern readers were reading Bleak House without first seeing the movie version? I know little). <br /> <br /> I think it's pretty scary to see critical series critics that have been clearly written by people who have no idea about the story - you've actually seen the series or you just packed BBC Production because Gillian Anderson was in the new version ? The series captures the mood, the tempo, the characters, and the plotters (cutting off Dickensian flourishes that are not needed and worsening film editing like the story of Turveydrop, Smallwed family dynamics and extra lawyers - Tangle, Vholes etc. are very short). The only omission that I wish was preserved, was the Jellyby incident, but since the first episode is a little slow (after the first episode is the perfect pace), I see it must go. <br /> <br /> The only criticism I have is that Joe's death may have been better. I see that Woodcourt is virtually bankrupt, and he's a little more human than he has the scene, but I really think Joe's death is one of the strangest points in the book, and I missed it even though she always cried. br /> <br /> Does theowinthrop actually see the series? How did you think Esther was raised by her aunt and UNCLE? Who's that uncle? I suppose someone who could eradicate DENHOLM Eliot's name for Desmond is not a truly appreciated English art (film or literature). I also think there is a lack of legal treatment. YES, the law is very poorly drafted in Bleak's House. The lack of Jarndyce descendants, whose valuable legacy is unified by litigation costs, will not succeed Tom Jarndyce and Rick Carstone and all who have confidence in the suit. She will not fulfill Miss Flyte. In a sense, he also sacks Captain Hawdon, who is led to his death by the monotonous right of copying. Yes, he feeds collectors Vholes and Tangle. But he also does men like Guppy and Kenge, able to move to their station in life. Although Dickens was not kind to social status, he would have preferred not to bind to the station in which they were born (the contrast of Jo and the family of bricks to pour Charlie Neckett out of poverty). <br /> <br /> Also, the law, though abusing the Tulkinghorn and Chancery vultures, is in fact a source of security for the Ada and Richard and Esther divisions, which are simply Jarndyce's departments. Their security was secured by law, which delivered them to Jarndyce. I do not see how anyone might have trouble with the story - remember that you do not think Esther is the start of Lady Dedlock's daughter. You do not even have to "get" all the connections immediately. Instant Dickens satisfaction does not happen. As for the "clear vision" through the fog, Gillian Anderson had such a skillful adaptation that I found it impossible to follow her and I already saw it! <br /> <br /> Diana Rigg I'm totally brilliant (surprises and drama do not do good lady Dedlock, but if you think she'll try Gillian Anderson version). It's ADA and Rick not "Kate"! and you get everything you need from Rouncewell subplot.
