You do not need to read this review. An earlier pninson review from Seattle has already identified all major flaws in this production. I can only amplify its basic arguments. Bleak House was a relatively late novel by Dickens and is much darker than his earlier work. It is taken literally too by director, Ross Devenis, who accumulates in the darkness and fog too. When Ada, Rick and Esther appear, half an hour into the opening episode, it's a relief just to be the first day in the daylight. In some dark scenes, it was hard to see what was on my TV screen. I was looking at the whole thing in one day, mid-afternoon. When the daylight faded, it became less of a problem, but I have a pretty good TV and I have never met this problem before. <br /> <br /> Stimulation is very deliberate (ie Slow). I'm sure it was intensional, but that's exaggerated. There are numerous shots of people trudging over the muck and darkness of Victorian London, which are held longer than necessary to create mood and atmosphere. A good editor would probably take a few minutes of every fifty-minute episode without losing a lot of dialogue, just by making a little cut out of each of these scenes. I do not want to overcome these problems. You will soon adapt to the look and speed of this production. The more important question is that the story does not always say very effectively. Previously, the Dickens novels are as long as the Bleak House, but they are not so sophisticated. For example, I recently read Nicholas Nickleby again, because I was impressed how Douglas McGrath stuffed his 800-page book into his two-hour film. The answer is simple: the book is full of padding. McGrath drew large novels while preserving all the basic stories. That would not be possible with Bleak House. <br /> <br /> This production takes seven hours. It probably takes longer, because many elements of his intricate conspiracy are not clear enough or treated as they need it. Some random examples will illustrate the problems. The skin, Rosa, appears from anywhere without a background, so Lady Dedlock's promise to her is largely non-motorized. <br /> <br /> In the request of Tulkinhorn on a sample of Horton's handwriting is a little fudged. It is not clear enough that Esther is in love with Woodcourt when he agrees to marry John Jarndyce. Nor is it clear that they agreed not to announce their commitment or why. <br /> <br /> The secret marriage of Ada and Rika is omitted. In one episode, they are just lovers, and in the next, people refer to them as a wife. <br /> <br /> Mrs. Rouncewell is introduced in the late stage of the story, and the alienation of Sargeant George from his family remains inexplicable - just as the way he is discovered. Tulkinhorn's determination to maintain the honor and respect of the Dedicated family is underestimated, so his motives for persecuting Lady Dedlock are far more unclear than needed. The involvement of brick makers with Tom and (later) Lady Dedlock is somewhat opaque. It is not obvious that Guppy renews her offer for Esther because her scar of disaster has just vanished. <br /> <br /> This is just a selection: there are others. These are not big problems and the main story is pretty clear. However, they are minor irritations that reduce their strength: you should not have to hide over small points. But there are other important structural problems that weaken the story in its later stages. The whole activity of the Tulkinhorn murder is somewhat discarded. The bucket immediately refers to Hortens about the suspect, undermining the tensions surrounding the situation of Sergeant George and the importance of finding Mrs. Rouncewell. It also reduces the impact of a partial conspiracy in which Lady Dedlock is suspected and weakens the scene in which Hortensia is revealed to Sir Lester. A more serious problem is that the murder, its investigation, and the search for Lady Dedlock is dominated by the story for over an hour, during which we have completely lost sight of another major line of plot: the legal case and its influence on Rika. His negligible finances, his pavement by Vholes and Skimpole, Ada's despair, worsening health, and so on, are halted throughout the episode. This may be how Dickens wrote a book (I did not read it for years), but a good scenario should keep the various plots moving forward. <br /> <br /> Finally, the role of Smallweed in the story is so low that it is almost superfluous. His discovery of the new will that launches the last phase of the story is also discarded. It's out of the screen. Despite all this, it's still a very good production. Many of the performances are excellent. The individual scenes are beautifully realized. His growing sense of tragedy is very strong. I would still recommend great editing of a great book if it was not for the production of 2005. In fact, I would probably not be fully aware of my defects if I did not see how Andrew Davies did better. I was critical of Davis 'adaptations by Jane Austen, but I have to admit she really knows how to try Dickens' large books. It's an impressive and gripping drama, and it's worth seven hours of time. Nevertheless, his probable fate should be considered as a cross reference to the almost definitive version of 2005.
