I can not say how the movie follows a novel, but never read a book, but because it's about six and a half hours, it's a good bet that most of the base is covered, or at least we can say with certainty that it's not a condensed version of Reader's Digest. Production values ​​are high, up to the level of other BBC classic series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe that Dickens' London looked, sounded and thought so much. There are some occasional minor outages - some athletes shoot a percussion pistol in 1840 or 1820 or whenever they do. Also, acting is applause. Suzanne Burden is a polite and sincere heroine who quietly does good. She is also cute cute, her beauty in her sympathetic nature is not in any flirtation. Denholm Elliott is her guardian (and more than that, as it turns out). Burden and Elliott are two of the few characters who are good in an illegal way. Another is a former sergeant forced to do evil with evil people. Another is a poor and helpless young boy. I do not think anyone else would write it. It has everything Dickensa - poverty, tragic death, capitalism in the raw, rich rich man in his home home, hidden origin, shadow motives and impotence, or the complete malice of the judicial system. Well, not the judicial system as a whole, but the office, which was obviously a court that dealt with matters relating to the division of property. (So ​​I gathered from Wikipedia.) It became so notoriously rigid and suspicious that England was thoroughly modified in 1973. Twice that Elliot's character describes as "a curse". The most remarkable scene is that a creditor who chooses the money stays a retired soldier in his gym during a sword lesson. The sergeant is, in the traditional sense, much more manly than any other male attitude I remember from Dickens. An apoplectic money lender and a tenant screams threats from his chair, and the sergeant turns to him and makes one delicate saber workout, and each process brings him closer to his martyr while the old creditor scarles back into his seat. <br /> <br /> Some things are missing. Often Dickens holds in at least one or two fun dialogue lines. ("Humbug!" Or "Law is an ass.") Not here. House "Bleak" is the right title. Second, there are practically no Weber "ideal types" - no Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. The third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is relentlessly deep. One tribulation follows after another, usually money or some shameful peccadilla from the past. God, it's depressing. It's as if the author has launched his spleen into everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, all right. He KNEW poverty. But one is interested in what Dickens did to deserve such treatment. Maybe I should add that I just watched the first episode of the 2005 series - and that's better in two ways. There is a bigger zip in the direction, so the pace is a bit faster. And the business of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce is explained satisfactorily in front of us instead of hiding in the shadow like the mysterious "curse", so it is easier to follow the plot.
