This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to launch BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No movie version of the novel has ever been tempered (it's remarkably rich in subplots, which in fact served as opposites to each other, so it would be very difficult to cut it down). The novel was Dickens' only attempt to become a central narrator (one of two at work), Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle who (in a typical Dickens style) abuses her. It's illegitimate, but they do not tell her about her origins. Later, we look at the nobility, Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Riggová) has an increasingly difficult time regarding her private life and the involvement of family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We also participated in Richard Carston's (Esther's friend's) activities in trying to get a long-lasting case for the estate, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, who all (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens was a legal reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. Beginning with the violation of the promising case in PICKWICK DICKENS, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said it was an "ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would consistently support this view. He looks at the slums as the crime scene in TWIST that the law barely attempts to heal. He attacks Chanchers and outdated property laws, as well as too strong lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) at BLEAK HOUSE. LITTLE DORRIT attacks the debtors' prisons (also struck by David COPPERFIELD). IN OUR MILITARY FRIENDS he looks at the winner and the will. In the EDWIN DROD PRINTER he seems to be going to court. Dickens was far more critical of the legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. But the novel also deals with other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, expanding detective power of the Scottish Court, social snobbery industrial revolution). He also uses a novel to sip different people: Leigh Hunt writer, field inspector of Scotland Yard and even notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points were saved in this miniature version of the series. If it appears on the cable station again, capture it.
