No wonder this film won 4 awards, it is a film that takes on every soul, no wonder why it took 20 years for Paul Reiser to finally go out and talk to Peter Falk about his idea. I understand every part of it, it's a movie that will cry you only with tears or thousands. Story: 10/10 When Sam Kleinman receives a letter from his wife about leaving him to find something else that his son and he set out on the road to find her, and while they do they find something lost, Friendship, family, and affection for each other. At first you know what's going to happen, but none of the stories are so easy to find from start to finish, it's a ride between father and son and husband and his wife. No wonder Paul Reiser took 20 years to write this beautiful romance / comedy. Actors: 10/10 Well, you can not say anything else I'm saying, hey it's with Peter Falk there's a legend of everything he does in magic movies when you use Petra Falka in romance / comedy, what do you think, that you get? The perfect result, no wonder this movie is perfect and won so many awards. As the son Paul Reiser does a great job, though not a big actor, it does not mean that it did not work in reality Peter Falk and Paul Reiser play the perfect Father and Son, the rest of the cast is good enough but you do not see them so much so just say they do it what they have to make it even more light. <br /> <br /> Music: 10/10 It does not always work when you use music sometimes it just does not fit, but it's not the thing in this movie, the music is perfect in the melody, it makes the film even more convincing. This part of the movie will shine as well as other parts, a great soundtrack for romance / comedy that is sure. Overall: 10/10 There are so many Romance / Comedy movies out on tapes, DVDs, Blu-ray and whatever, but this movie is one of those special. it does not happen everyday that you can create such a story, it takes a few years to think about it and the fact is that actually what it took to be it, a great piece that should be bought and held in the human soul, see it when you are older and you will see it with a father in old age, I think this movie will spark like no other ever did.
