"Topic about my people" came as a surprise. We had no idea what to expect. The film directed by Raymond DeFelitt on the screen of one of his stars, Paul Reiser, proved to be a pleasant time in movies. Although the film is predictable and we know what the result will be, it's the way of knowing where Ben will meet his father, maybe for the first time in his life, Ben sees his father for what he really is, and not the mythical figure he has in mind . The film appears to be a car for his star, Peter Falk, and escapes the movie as expected. Mr. Falk, one of the most amazing actors working in movies at this time and in recent years, is an actor of such a position, he has to count on it. As Sam Kleinman, the distant father of Ben, he is a man who is obviously misunderstood not only by Ben, but he seems to be the whole family and his wife for forty-seven years. When Muriel, the clan of the Kleinman clan, escapes, everyone gets into panic because this woman, who is a strong family figure, is vitally important for everyone to be together. She did not know where she had gone, Sam appeared confused in Ben's house when he suddenly felt abandoned by the abandoned woman he had taken and faithful for all those years. Ben, the youngest son, takes his father on the way to look for the house he wants to buy to get his family from Manhattan to the land. The trip provides an excuse for Ben to get in touch with his father in a way he never knew because the old man always showed a character to his younger son. On the way, the father and son realize how much they love each other and how badly they understand the old man of his children. Love for Sam for Muriel has been spreading for many years to meet each other; they seem to be inseparable. <br /> <br /> Peter Falk is great in the film. Makes excellent Sam Kleinman, the man who suddenly realizes his life, is about to change for the worst. Mr. Falk shines like an older man and is never a false move in his interpretation of a man whose whole world is falling apart. It's not Paul Reiser's fan, we have to admit that Ben Kleinman is right. Ben and his father will find out how they both share their love for Muriel, the mother who sacrificed her life to preserve her family. Olympia Dukakis can only be seen at the end of the film. She plays a good role in her mother's flight. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with great style. The film has a beautiful look thanks to the cinematography of Dan Gillham and the excellent music score Steven Argil. The film eventually shows a great team effort between its director, Mr. DeFelitt and Paul Reiser, who wrote it on screen. Although this film is clearly aimed at older audiences, it should be delighted by everyone.
