Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this movie rated it as 8, 9, or 10, and one user reported having six videotapes (was it a record or just a bad video recorder?). Although the film is primarily intended as a period work, it is clearly fascinating. But for some reason I imagined it to be very foolish and until recently I never felt the desire to look. My mind was changed by the original book by Elizbeth Von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her gaze does not allow her to read much, so she borrowed it in book form. Such books tend to irritate a companion who is busy with other things, but gradually I realized that this was a seductive seduction, though in no way raw and also very well written. I realized that my wife would love watching the movie and decided to buy her a videotape. Now I am very happy to have done this and I would certainly recommend buying it to anyone else who appreciates the silent reflexive work without fireworks but the well-developed personality development and the highly successful Italian atmosphere of Mussolini. The story takes place in the immediate aftermath of the First World War and begins with two married London ladies who decide to combine their savings and enjoy their holiday together, outside their families, in a rented villa in Italy. The forces of circumstances lead to the pair joining two others with very different characters and backgrounds. Her subject is not much more than the interactions that take place during her vacation, not just between the four very heterogeneous mature ladies, but also with the occasional male visitor. For action, excitement, dramatic sexual scene, natural or man-made disasters or Harlequin-style romances, it will not be the film for you. IMDb users, however, have collectively and very emphatically demonstrated that none of them is indispensable for the film to be rewarded and watched, and if you can try it, you can, like me, be among his many beloved films. <br /> <br /> It is rather rare for me to watch a movie with a book I already know. In many cases, it seems to me that it's a pleasure from the perspective of the film, but there is such a strong visual appeal in the setting that I really found my pleasure reinforced by the expectation of seeing another segment of the book, effectively developed in front of my eyes. (It may have played a role in Italy when I last had this experience while watching the Boccaccia Decameron stories on TV.) Generally, books from books tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version is even wider appeals, but in this case is limited to the attention of spectators rather to the gradual development of the character than any background. It works very well, although the changes from the book are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. Great acclaim is directed by Mike Newell and all cast members, especially the famous British actresses playing four major ladies.
