Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's most royal families, are lonely at a young age. Just before he left for France to fight in the First World War, Father tells the oldest Fiona, who will never sell the land. At the time the sisters became adults, they had to spend most of their money to pay lawyers to defend their property. Despite some gaps in the will of a father, a man named Charles Barclay is worth winning the Gaylord plot on which to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York to build the Rockefeller Center. The film deals mainly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, played well by Barbara Stanwyck, though she is certainly not considered to be one of her best roles, looks like a cool, reigning woman, and apparently has some skeletons in her wardrobe. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little cute and completely in love with a young, modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite show in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldina Fitzgerald, is a relatively polite snooker with a monocle, marrying in England with noble blood, but it will not stop her in an attempt to steal Giga from her sister. The three sisters are developing quite well, but just like the main trend in The Gay Sisters, never quite good. Charles Barclay plays George Brent. Not very good. Well, it would be satisfactory if the story were to play as it should, but it always seems to be filthy in the movie. When we ask him to share with him later in the movie, it's impossible. Gig Young is playing, right ?, Gig Young. No, it does not interfere. What happened to an actor who had played in several movies formerly under his real name, Byron Barr, was under the pressure of Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but eventually changed his name to Gig Young after the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Strange, right? Young is pretty good for most of the movie, but the script makes some unfortunate things with his character late in the movie, which eventually damages the audience sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are quite good. Gay sisters had great potential to prove to be one of the great cinematographic family sages. The characters are interesting as well as their situation. Unfortunately, the script never attempts anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it made the more complex relationships of all the main characters, such as the Rivalry between Evelyn and Susana or the more complex memory, the film could be fantastic. It could also deepen the prologue, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We have to take care of the characters and we have to be more sympathetic to them. And he needed some major repairs. Basically, it only comes to an end. Fiona's problems are so bad that it hurts. No matter what kind of sympathy she got her figure, she is falling apart. It's also too happy. This story seems to point to tragedy, or perhaps just to the sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and the GiG will never be resolved. As bad as the story of Fiona, Susanna, Gig and Evelyn is even worse. I still liked the movie. It's thoroughly traceable, though it does not include us as other great movies of that time. 7/10, mostly for your potential. It was to be remodeled, or the novel had to be adapted again, sometimes during the study. She is too old to prepare for her now. The 1930s would be the best time during the Giant movies.
