I first saw Robe Roye a year ago. With small money for fun, I rented it for my fiancé and I watched the winter winters. The movie I wanted was gone, so I borrowed instead, did not expect much and was very surprised at how good it is. I recently watched it again and loved it the same way it was the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the story, it's about Scotsman Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattle and folk hero. Of the little that I know about a man and his story, the facts have been done with freedom, but it's a film, not a textbook, so the filmmakers can be excused. The film basically consists in the fact that Rob Roy borrows money from the Montrose Marquis to buy the cattle he wants to sell and get a big profit. But his plan is destroyed when a friend of money is expelled from cash and murdered in the woods. Our hero finds himself on the run after the marquis has failed to solve the problem, and Mary, his wife, suffers a sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a crazy Englishman without a soul. The atrocities arrive until, in an extremely satisfactory conclusion, Rob bears Archibald as a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great shows in this movie, but let me specifically touch a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a fantastic, sexy animal that you can not take away from your eyes. Frankly, this man is like an ice cream: though he is bad, he is good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who tries to give those who depend on him the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman wildness, a pretty change from the sympathetic, boring film women who are usually forced to endure. You just know they do not take Robe's belly or anyone else. Tim Roth is totally over the top with his image of evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All posing and preening, combined with some bad dialogue, lead to one of the most memorable movie villains in recent memory. Combine everything and the stellar work of other supportive players with the scenery of Scotland and you have what is really part of a truly great movie. If you have not seen it, I strongly recommend that you do so.
