The year 1995, when so many people talked about Mel Gibson's great BRAVEHEART premiere, also saw another very subtle but underrated film about Scottish ROB ROY's history. Although it is a very different film, especially due to the historical period in which the story is deployed, ROB ROY has a lot to do with not only the wonderful BRAVEHART, but also the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that deals with similar topics like fighting for dignity, courage, honor, vengeance, family is the key to happiness. It also leads us to the great bliss of the Scottish Highlands, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the nobility of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so versatile in the epic), a sort of "Scottish Robin Hood," who tries to lead his people out of oppressive gentlemen's oppression. Though he worsens his situation through deeds, he has to suffer a lot, two things remain in his mind without a doubt: Honor that he gives it to himself and LOVE to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> In addition to interesting content and a fairly live event, the film is full of truly amazing visuals. This factor must do both with the files and the location of the movie, as well as the wardrobe. Many unforgettable moments remain in the mind of every viewer who lets himself inspect the artistic images. For me, it was the most beautiful scene in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells his boys what he means. Then sends them away and loves his wife beautifully. The scene that escapes Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is worth it to look stunning visual. Of course, there is some graphic violence, like a duel, but I do not think this violence will be as damaging as many other modern movies. His justification is like any other epic: the bloodshed and cruelty of those times was really serious and there was no point hiding it. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape done to Robe Roy's wife, the story rogue: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It is really disgusting and the kids should definitely stay away. However, everything else is O.K. Yet there is one aspect that I really loved this film, a performance. All the players are doing the perfect job, from Lian Neeson, who fits the role of a tall, brave, powerful Scottish man to support Brian Cox's casting depictions of a bad Killearn, a silent testimony of the terrible acts that feel comfortable with the evil of the war. Jessica Lange is great as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the movie. Among many scenes, there is a chemistry between Mrs Lange and Mr. Neeson. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, is doing a great job like Marguis of Montrose, a spoiled man for whom money is a goal in itself in any way. I like the calm of his image. But the true villain is Tim Roth, who really portrays the miserable side of his character, Archibald - a man who laughs at love, loves war, and seeks true desire for rape and killing. But just as in any good epic, this extraordinary evil must find its end ... And yet another aspect: musical score: such unforgettable and sentimental melodies that have long sound in the ears. The final moment touched me with tears not just because of the beauty that she is broadcasting, but because I deeply combined these blissful melodies with the magnificence of places. Scotland remains at the heart of your visitor and this film reminded me of this lasting effect. It was like my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice movie, very well directed, photographed and acted. Maybe it's not comparable to BRAVEHEART with spectacular sets and crowds in combat scenes, but it's a fairly long film with a lot of attention to one of the most important cinema features: amazing fun combined with heartfelt education. I really enjoyed this film, do not hesitate to call it a metaphorical "highland of fun" and rate it 9/10
