Bad for this great movie that had to be released in the same year as Braveheart. Though this is a very different kind of film, the conflict between Scottish and English nobility is front and center here as well. Approximately 400 years have passed since Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was set up but some things have never changed. Scottland is still run by English nobles, and the mountain people have never been able to calm down when dealing with them. Rob Roy is a pretty finished but not spectacular epic that was Braveheart. There are no great struggles and the conflict is here among individuals. And so not all English people are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is just a movie about those with honors and those who are really bad. Liam Neeson starred Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor Clan, and his primary function is to protect the cattle of a local nobleman, known as John Hurt, Marquis Montrose. Things look a bit harsh for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy set up a plan to borrow £ 1,000 from the marquee and bought his own cattle. He will then sell at a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. It sounds fair enough, is not it? Problems arise when two Marquis friends steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the worst character ever to make a film. He plays brilliantly Tim Roth, this man is a hopeless poor who was sent to live with a marquis with his mother. This man is disgustingly feminine, crude, heartless and very dangerous by the sword. He fathers a child with his hands and refuses to hold on to responsibility. He raped MacGregor's wife and fired him out of the house. This guy is really as nasty as movies come out. Along with another cage Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses them to settle their own debts. Although most people are painfully aware of what has happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor to debt. This creates a conflict that will take many lives and will question the forces of a man who fights for his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!! <br /> <br /> Luckily for MacGregor, the duke who is not a known marquis, he creates the last match between Rob Roy and Cunninghem to solve this conflict and for everyone. This fight with the sword was considered by many as one of the best films ever made. Cunningham is considered by many to be a winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, they seem to win these attributes. Just when Rob Roy seems to have finished, he turned the tables in a shocking grotesque way. When you first see what happens, you'll probably be just as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully shot, perfectly acting and perfectly walked. The score is also absolutely unforgettable. Casting choices seem to have evolved, as Jessica Lange, who may seem to be outside of her element, actually turns into one of the strongest performances like Mary MacGregor. The film is violent but not too many gore. But it is a delicious picture full of deviant behavior. Nobility is largely played amoral and dirty. The movie has no obvious mistakes, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. Hound.
