It's a moving story of the legendary hero of Scotland Rob Roy and his battles with feudal landowners. Like Braveheart, which is often compared, it is not very historic. In spite of their fictitious nature, I appreciate both of these films and it would be hard to tune in between them. 13th century William Wallace, as others have noted, is larger than life nationality, while at the beginning of the 18th century Rob Roy finds himself as an honest but ordinary Cattle. The story revolves around the clan leader, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish mountain cottage with his wife Mary and their two young sons. As the film begins, he and his colleagues are hunted by several thieves who have stolen cattle. Rob Roy wishes to improve the living conditions of his inhabitants, and thus he will borrow thousands of Scottish pounds from the local nobleman, the Montrose Marquis, to buy herds for the herd to market. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When McDonald and the money were lost, Rob Roy found himself in conflict with Montrose, as well as his contemptible protection, Archiball Cunninghem, and his obscure agent, Killearn. Robber's honor is also tested when Montrose tries to involve him in a false testimony against his opponent, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wants to accuse of being a Jacobite. Charismatic Liam Leeson is great as Rob Roy, the intelligent, dear and noble hero, and the man whose sense of honor is key to this story. Personally, I think this is Neeson's best performance, his brogue (though Irish) adds the authenticity of the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest person whose word can be trusted. She is a loving husband and father and at the same time touches a loyal friend McDonald, who is accused of robbing him. Tim Roth masterfully portrays his main opponent and certainly one of the prettiest and sadistic film critics, Archibald Cunningham, an egotistical, merciless spider. He is very feminine for someone who makes it his main business a favor of local women, whether willing or otherwise. The pathetic Cunningham constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard who does not realize the identity of his own father, though it hardly justifies his terrible crimes of murder, rape, and thievery. He also mercilessly launches a young girl's servant, Betty, when she gets pregnant with her baby, leading to suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and foppish Montrose, who is eventually portrayed as Cunningham's father. The film is basically a very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully portraying the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should follow this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this pair: "How well you are for me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinemas. <br /> <br /> The most impressive performance is probably Jessica Lange as Rob's wife Mary McGregor. Insufficient, she has a beautiful but natural appearance of a solid saddle woman and mother. The actress brings her a role of great courage and dignity when her brutally raucous Cunningham, while disgusting Killearn looks. Its dialogue is simple spoken, but full of pride and grace. I'm giving Hollywood the obligation to show once again that he has found out his cruelty and Mary's pain and humiliation on the scene of rape, but nothing that should be sensational. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional suffering when he learns of Mary's rape and other torture when he swears that the secret will never give his husband a violation according to Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film features a beautiful scenery of the Scottish Highlands, a rich period of costumes and a good music scoring. There are no major combat scenes, as in Braveheart, but a constant engaging action and especially the grasp of the sword in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. It's a captivating film featuring both tense action and a beautiful love story.
