** Watch Spoilers ** <br /> <br /> First, let me say that Rob Roy is one of the best movies of the 1990s. It was an amazing success for all involved, especially for Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, John Hurt, Brian Cox and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones painted a beautiful portrait of honor and dishonesty that men can represent in themselves. But unfortunately ... <br /> <br /> it constantly, and unjustly gets compared to "Braveheart". These are two completely different films, probably just like the fact that they are cattle in historic Scotland. Still, this comparison often bothers me because it seems almost supposed that "Braveheart" is a better film than "Rob Roy". I like "Braveheart," but the idea of ​​comparing it to "Rob Roy" is a little offensive to me. Simply put, I love "brave hearts," but it's a pale shadow of how much I love "Rob Roy". <a href='http://www.freedominion.com.pa/phpBB2/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&u=288'> john </a> <br /> <br /> Posted: Thu Apr 02, /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is about real people. . He is a legend, a martyr, bigger than a living fellow. Because of this image he is also a perfect person, never doing badly and basically showing his Scottish compatriots to the promised land. When he finally fails, it's not his fault. Just like Jesus, he is betrayed by the people he trusted. He even goes through the worst kind of torture because he wants so much freedom. The Wallace image is very well done and effective. But that does not really bother me, nor do I want to. I consider human ambiguity more fascinating than human perfection. That's why "the last temptation of Christ" is a better film than the "king of kings", and that's one of the reasons why I think "Rob Roy" is better than "brave hearts." Rob Roy can be heroic and brave, but he is far from perfect. He makes a few mistakes that have affected the lives of many of his loved ones. Now, of course, she had no false allegations against the Duke of Argyll, she was an act of nobility and courage, but it was also an act of selfishness and self-reflection. Let's not forget that the kinfolk, whom he claimed to be protecting, was driven by homeless people to the end of the film because of this behavior. But Rob did the best he could, and that was all you could ask of him. Rob's wife, Mary, is also a normal and ambiguous person. Let's start with what it looks like in this movie. Sure, she is beautiful, but she does not wear makeup and basically allows her natural beauty to show. Compare it to William Wallace's two love (or one, according to your view) in "Braveheart". Now these two women are hot, but hardly suggest how women look at time (especially laics). Maybe it's not a fair comparison, but just another example of how Rob Roy's attempts at accuracy are much more effective. During "Rob Roy," Mary has to live with her vicious rape by a suspect Cunningham. She feels compelled to say Rob about her struggle, but not because she knows Rob has to find revenge for her rape. Such revenge would certainly mean the death of Rob, and Mary is not prepared for such a sacrifice. The Rob Roy villains are equally convincing. Although the enemies in Braveheart are well written, they are barely original. Robert Bruce, a man who is courageous and cowardly, is influenced by moral decisions that become family-friendly in a fictitious world. Should he take his claim as king of Scotland, or should he betray Wallace to ensure the security of his surname? Bruce is the most ambitious figure in "Braveheart," but from Brutus in "Julius Ceasar" to Fred in "The Godfather Part II," these characters are hardly original. Longshanks, despite being a convincing villain in itself, is very one-dimensional. It is an epidemic of evil and its tyrannical paths are in direct contrast to Wallace's heroism. "Rob Roy" has three villains who are great in their bullying. First, start with the Marquis of Montrose. He is a man who is so obsessed with his own imagination that he is willing to let an innocent man suffer because of it. "Check that I am not ridiculed" are his favorite words of "factor". He is a man possessed of power, disturbed that a man of great noble bearing as the Duke of Argyll can be considered a greater providence than he. He is shamelessly self-evident and uncertain. It's a bad aristocrat, but ways that make it unique. Cunningham and Callarn are conspirators in "Rob Roy" and are also Roy's direct assailants. Callarn is so cunning that it's almost funny. He will do anything to preserve the good will of the marquee, which includes backs and scams. Cunningham is a convincing character in that he seems to have been elevated to do what he can to get the status and affection of the marquee. He needs his father, he knows little that the Marquis is his real father. Therefore, when the opportunity to gain wealth came from Callarn, he caught her without questioning it. He is very similar to the evil of modern man, so self-centered and futile that he does not care about the consequences of his actions on the other. Many have criticized Tim Roth's performance as exaggerated in this film. I say Hogwash. Obviously, Cunningham is not just an evil but also a psychopath in the whole movie. In a world where a man and his stepmother can walk around shooting random people for fun, is Cunningham too incredible? We live in a society where people seem to reduce the value of human life. "Rob Roy" just teaches us that only the circumstances of this reduced value have changed. In human history there is a problem that the vanity of the human heart will not allow the ability of compassion. Rob Roy and Mary give us hope that the good will prevail, but the snakes will always exist in our world. Another character I find fascinating is the Duke of Argyll. He is a true nobleman and his values ​​of honesty and politeness are in direct contrast to the awning. He appreciates the bravery of Rob Roy and Marie and has direct pain for the awning and its factor. He gives hope to the people of power. Let's hope people like the Marquis are an exception and not a rule. The final duel at "Rob Roy" is far more exciting than the 10 fight scenes in "Braveheart". <br /> <The one thing I'm tired of are people who tell me that "Braveheart" is a better movie due to combat scenes. First, combat scenes are hardly original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiator," Hollywood had a long tradition of historical European battle scenes. "Braveheart" has some of the best fighting scenes ever shot for the film but suffers from one important problem. These combat scenes have no context except for freedom fights. <br /> <br /> Do not misunderstand me, duels are barely original. In fact, there are probably ten times as many movies with duels as they are with combat scenes. But the connection between Cunningham and Rob Roy is the beauty we see. It's one of the biggest scenes in the movie. Let me explain why ... <br /> <br /> First, fighting style and wearing two characters in this duel describe the characters perfectly. Cunningham is effective and dangerous, Rob Roy is strong and courageous. Cunningham uses a fencing sword while Rob uses a sword. Cunningham is struggling with fast-moving moves, while Roy's fighting style is obvious. The whole movie, from the deliberately slow first half to the exciting second half, continues to this moment. It is a powerful thing, and it is obvious that Rob must exterminate this terrible evil that has plagued the whole world. When Rob finally gets to the top (literally and figuratively), it's one of the greatest moments in the movie. Rob wins because he has more for life and his honor is stronger than 10 Cunningham. The use of music is absolutely cool in this scene. Good dominance against real evil is stronger for me than seeing a guy poured out just to scream "Freedom!" But hey, maybe it's just me. <br /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is more realistic than "brave" <br /> <br /> I do not know that people in the aristocracy or the Scottish people talk like people in "Rob Roy," but I feel like it is it is a clear attempt to capture their speech formulas. I have the feeling that "Rob Roy" is bored by many people simply because they can not understand what the characters say. If it is, read some Shakesphere, or be careful. "Rob Roy" is actually one of the greatest written films of the 1990s. Many dialogues in this movie are smart, but you may have to watch the movie a few times to understand. Conversely, dialogue in "Braveheart" is hardly very interesting. Of course, what do you expect when the main character of Scotsman is Australian? This is a legend, and there was clearly no attempt to capture the time spell. This movie takes place several centuries before "Rob Roy" and still speaks like people today. That's why she likes a lot of people. Today, viewers are still laughing and do not want to take time or patience to understand things that are complex. Therefore, as with many epic films, they expect the Villians to speak with a distinct English accent while the heroes will speak in a popular language that is not too far from our American language. Sure, it is obvious that Wallace is Scottish, but in addition to sound like Scotty from Star Trek and a couple of "Aye" for recognition, the cats in this movie fit into the Hollywood tradition of believing the Scots should sound. br /> <br /> So these descriptions prove that "Rob Roy" is a better movie than "Braveheart"? Hardly. But if one thing proves it, it turns out that it is hardly known that "Braveheart" is a better film than "Rob Roy". Simply put, "Rob Roy" is a movie that has very interesting topics in today's world. "Braveheart" is a legendary film that is inspirational, but hardly realistic. You can decide what you think is better ... <br /> <br /> Grade - Score - 9
