MAIN SPOILS !! This is for people who have seen the movie! Commentators have touched upon the main theme of "honor" in the film and too many comparisons with the "brave heart". I mention a few things about this movie that I have not seen yet. <br /> <br /> This film has a different shot of abortion. The first figure to get pregnant is a girl (Roth), and when he coldly suggests abortion, he says it's too late. The shame of her situation ("I have a bastard bastard") leads her to commit suicide at a much later stage. The second character in pregnancy is Marie, Rob's wife, after Roth's rape character (and at least one sex scene with her husband, Rob). Late in the movie, when Rob leaves for the final confrontation with Rot, Mary asks what she should do with pregnancy of dubious descent, with a tone that indicates abortion. Rob responds in a noble tone, "It's not the child's fault," and then states what she thinks should be a name, a girl or a boy. I think this hero's "pro-life" attitude is very un-Hollywood. Rob walks from the darkness of the house into a bright outdoors to make this comment - not a random symbolism. Another related topic is Roth's character is a bastard, someone who obviously does not know who his father was, and he has little kind words for his mother, though she is wearing her picture in a suitcase hanging on her neck. It is a coincidence that Roth (without family stability) is the definition of walking a psychopath while Rob is a strong married / father figure and, of course, a heroine. In the final struggle of the sword between Rob and the Roth, the former slicer is deep across the chest - the left side of the chest, across the heart. His employer and pseudo-father figure (John Hurt character) holds his mother picture in his hand and looks at it before he catches it from the dead of a dead Roth. Also, what was interesting was the direction of the rape scenario, which was not quite graphic, but it was not out of the camera and implied. I found it surprising that this is somewhat a question of true imagination, because Mary convincingly shows the characteristics of someone who goes through suffering and post-traumatic stress (as we call it now). My opinion is that the rape was neither sensational nor implied, which seems to me to be an interesting midway for Hollywood. In the final battle scene I have to fix the older commentator: Roth's weapon chose a rapier (or perhaps a short sword), the weapon Rob had chosen was Claymore. Someone really does their homework on the whole scene. Roth would have such a situation, but of course Claymore is clearly a Scottish weapon. What is even more prominent to me (as a swordsman and someone who reads on this subject) is that this last sword struggle is one of the most convincing movies ever shot: actors really try to kill each other - - not usual slashing on the opponent's blade that we see in most of the movie fights (including the launch of the movie fights). Even more faithful history, Roth is seen several times using the rapier as a sharp weapon, which is his design purpose! (The Rapiers were bordered, but mainly a sharp edge weapon that was used mainly to deflect the opponents.) Rob uses Claymore in wide bumps because it's the design intent. Fighting is diminishing as I would expect - Roth wins effectively. Although Rob wins the day by grabbing Roth's weapon (more symbolism) and attacking him with a dead strong slash. <br /> <br /> People, it's RARE to see this level of historical precision in the sword movie match. <br /> <br /> I will also say that for whatever reason I remember the year 1995 (the year of release) clearly as a time of mistrust by the US government. Hollywood was clearly tuned in with the release of both "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart", and I think anti-governmental inclinations are the reason why both films have so many comparisons. <br /> <br /> I think the different perspective that this movie gives is refreshing for the enthusiastic fans of the film, tired of old, not so hidden news from Hollywood.
