Scottish magazine Michael Caton-Jones carries a small connection with the same name Sir Walter Scott ... The film opens in the Scottish Highlands and Robert Roy McGregor and his men are chasing a bunch of thieves who stole some James Graham Lordship cattle ... Scene then switches to a sword struggle, attended by noblemen with long hair, decorated with shirts, soft coats, make-up and conventional gestures. . <br /> <br /> MacGregor lives under the protection of local Marquis of Montrose ... When he enters in a poorly negotiated business deal with Montrose, he discovers innocently the malicious drawings of Monrose's evil agents ... Developing their piety is the most creative and a pleasant part of the film, even if it takes a nasty turn of a violent rape ... When Rob Roy is finally forced to revolt against English soldiers, the action is well understood, ending with a dictated duel between him and a blade expert ... Liam Neeson injects heroism and passion for his personality ... He is intelligent, righteous and faithful ... He carries his height with grace as the Scottish Chief of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover and a noble husband who is led by desperate deeds from unfortunate villains ... He likes to die rather than to say lies or to betray trust. Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class as a strong, robust devoted woman, a proud woman, brutally raped by the ice-cold psychotic aristocrat ... Lange's lines are full of dignity and integrity: "I will be dead to you until my husband does it. I do not think. "John Hurt brings his usual smart impression with distinctive roles to make Montrose more than a vile marquis, merciless with money, and temperamental to the English court for fopper ... He is a pompous arrogant man with two vicious servants who are in his service Honor, in his opinion, looks like a quirky idea ... He has two goals: to destroy the reputation of his opponent, the Duke of Argyle, and to persecute the refugee MacGregor ... He sends his soldiers to burn houses of the Highlanders, killing their people and their cattle ... Tim Roth - the perfect contrast to the hero, is a haunted and strangely effeminate enforcer .. Is a helpless British aristocrat, a nasty "hired sword," who is greatly evil, scared and murdered with Scottish mist ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... He turned out to be a liar, a thief and a murderer ... He rejects "but bastard abroad, looking for his luck and the favor of big men, "and therefore he does not like someone:" Love is a hill, and I'm just a cock that blasts it into a batch. "He even rains that he once raped a young boy who was going to be a girl ... Cunningham seems pathetic ... He smiles stupidly and tells the words of the affected improvement, but it is not terribly damaging - until a muscular swordsman hurts him and finds out that it's a cool head and a sword expert ... really steal a performance movie that won him a nomination for the best actor ... And while Brian Cox is as courageous as Killearn, Andrew Keir is Montrose's rival, a powerful local aristocrat, the Duke from Argylla, one of the few trusted men McGregor meets outside his family ... <br /> <br /> Set in Scottish 18th Century and atmospheric musical score, "Rob Roy" is really a love story between a man and his wife, which is a recognizably human story, unfairly stunned by the "Braveheart" Mel Gibson, who basically tells the same story of the provincial resistance of the exalted English farmers. .
