The neighbor kills his neighbor. It reminds me of Iraq. When I watched the American Flag (50 stars in 1864?), I realized why a burning piece of red white and blue would not destroy me, just like our destruction / indifference to the law of rights. I'm southern and I have some historical memory. Watch the figure of Tobey McGuire, learning to respect the dignity of a former slave when looking at the Black Scalps and the Germans) played in the poker game ..... was interesting. Many twists in this movie. The woman who is forced into her marriage shows both lust and strong will, characteristics that we are not used to seeing in the "Victorious Southern Belle". The crazy massacred southerner gave me some insight into why my cousin, the head of the Copeland Horse-Thieving Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, was hungry at the time. Groups of homeless people crossed the country, armed. Remember Iraq? And how similar are we under the facade of religion and ethnic origin? And why are they already fighting this civil war? <br /> <br /> It is a pity that we can not use the same knowledge in manipulating the land we have just invaded and occupied, instigating civil war everywhere. This is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, which has the misfortune to sit on oil. The wild-eyed missiles in Missouri, who attacked Lawrence in Kansas, could be equally easy insurgents with whom we fight now without success. Other anomalies were Yankees' father's honor, who moved to Lawrence and set up the school "before they built the church and therefore won." Huh ????? I was taught history in Birmingham, Al and we learned that the North was much more industrious and richer ... that's why they won. Of course, they also had God on their side. As you can see here, when a liberated slave indicates he is going to release his mother, he sold himself to slavery in Texas. God, what gave us the terrible legacy of slavery. It works quite well, lots of blood and gore when the fighters joyfully go through the battle (but have not heard any insurrection rebellion, so they remind Alabama football matches). You also have a real sense of how stupid the war is, since bushwackers and jayhawkers are gathering their forces for another attack. They lose sight of why they fight, just like we do. Just more soulless defeats. You are also brought up with children returning home from Iraq because the bushwacker (ahh, what connotation) has first hand closed and tries to save him, then is amputated and then dies. So much suffering for such a stupid thing. Cinematography is fantastic. Now I have to go back to the DVD and get production notes, one of my favorite parts of a movie. I suspect that this movie was written by Gore Vidal because the spoken language is the type you would associate with that time if you knew about history. This dialogue is certainly provocative. It was not your ordinary blood and the olfactory war film in any way. You see wounded but still active soldiers still fighting because they have nothing to do. You see the southern riders who live outside the land stealing without any difference. Yet at first you saw a combat stop, so women could be evacuated from danger. As I read the escalating number of women and children dying in Iraq, I think, "Where have we lost our sense of honor as a people?" I forgot why I was looking for this movie and bought it after 20 years, but somewhere the book praised. With good reason. Tobey in the best, before Spideyman. Buy or rent it. And tell me why the others praise it, not just the liberal paths.
