When I heard that this film was directed by Ang Lee, I made sure I could see it. This Taiwanese director has made fame with "Wedding Feast" and "Eat Drink Man Woman" a few years ago and then moved to "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm". Now he turned his attention to another American icon - civil war. This story takes place in Missouri, the state of the Union with southern sympathy. These never officially joined the Confederate Army. Instead, they created banned bands called "bushwhackers," growing long hair, and sometimes seizing the Union uniforms they wore over their regular outfits. The film describes their moral dilemma, times, and their allegedly heroic killings of the stockists and farmers who helped the Union. There are no stars in this movie unless you consider the singer "Jewel," but as a star you will be a young confederate widow. <br /> <br /> Tobey Macquire is occupied as a young German farmer, his legacy, because the Germans were considered sympathizers in the Union. This young man is an outstanding actor, full of young faces of the youth, whose performance includes his astonishment and subtle realization when he is exposed to the horror of the war. Jeffrey Wright is a liberated slave who travels with bushwhackers because of his loyalty to the young man who bought him the freedom. Provides fine and compliant performance. But some of the actors are wooden, especially in long conversations about morality. And their costumes are too new. And the so-called "Southern Gentleman" theme of behavior and hat-folding and courtesy to women come across as a bit too much - especially because they do the thing to murder all the men pulling out of their female arms, then burning stores and houses. While I do not think it will go down as one of the "great" Lee Ang films, I felt fascinated, despite the slow parts and the excessive length of 140 minutes. I was interested in what was going on and I felt empathy for every figure that all appeared to be real and imperfect human beings trapped in historical forces. It's not such an action as the usual war movie, but it is nevertheless recommended - especially for fans of the Civil War. <br /> <br />
