The shortest way to describe Ride With the Devil is in one word: authenticity. I will not say what has been said about this amazing film, but I would like to say how much this film has found itself in historical research and the careful attention of the crew detail no doubt. As a student of history familiar with the period and setting of this film I must say that this production is one of the most accurate fictional films about "bleeding Kansas". Yes, there are freedoms that are accepted for real events, as every fiction can do. But the overall feeling of the movie is real. Find out that authentic costumes, authentic attitudes (no back view on PC), or actors look authentic. When Jewel Kilcher (who has a small role in the film) looked as if it had been rising from the middle of the 19th century. the few audiences I spoke with expressed their unbelief in a stylized dialogue. They can not believe that the 19th century farmers will "speak like poets." What they do not realize is that at this age of verbal sinking, the American public of the 19th century was a surprisingly literate and eloquent band. These people were raised in Shakespeare's and biblical version of King James. The scriptwriters have reconstructed the most likely vocabulary styles of these people who have judged from the time documentation. The stylized dialogue just adds the magical atmosphere of the film. Apart from the historical document, this film also works viscerally. Beautifully photographed and performed, harkens back to the days of great Western epics. The so-called Lawrence Kansas Naval Attack, which is being done so many times before, is portrayed in so many other smaller films with the urgency that the viewer puts right in the middle of the action. Romance, Adventure, Moral and Ethical Conflict. This movie has everything a courageous audience wants. <br /> <br /> In the year when surplus garbage was dominated by American beauty, these great works of art were buried in an indifferent study. But I'm sure she will be given a ride with the devil in the years to come. Please hire that movie. You will not be disappointed.
