Riding with the Devil has something rich and special if you can withstand slow progress. During its civil war (which in turn became the accused remnants of the old West of the 1970s) fought a dark, blatant subject, a brutal guerilla war in the American West, the film maintains a strangely satisfying, unmanipulated atmosphere. What I'm talking about is the tendency of music and film lighting to make you feel the mood you'd expect. But RWTD instead has a rather optimistic soundtrack and lets words and actions do talking to set the mood rather than manipulate the viewer's senses. As a fan of this particular area of ​​CW history, I am very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologist is professionally written (even with fine humor occasionally) with references to bushwhackers and previous battlefronts (independence for example ... Far away from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that happen in Jake's band are similar to the real events that happened. Especially the attack when they are hidden in the house and the destruction of the shop / stand. Battle scenes, though rare, are very well done. It even has the first battle of the CW Cavalry, which was recently deployed on the film. Direction shows the talent Ang Lee expects everyone in fine ways. Example: The character of Black John is shown at the time of the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight?" Who should fight? (The screen then switches to the Confederate Regulars trio standing, doing nothing that stops the massacre while the voice continues) You are cowards all! "There are no major spectacular areas in history, something that can not be said about the masterpiece of Glory, which was basically fiction in the context of the mainstream Some minor issues include the fact that the years represented by represented events do not increase, but you never notice.More curiosity is that the only African-American figure in the movie is a quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederacy, including one who had been investigating Lawrence for Quantrill before attacking (Who should have suspected him?) Although this black rebel is a fascinating figure (no matter what PC African-Americans they could think of it), there is no single black foot pawn in the film that would be more representative the black experience in Western CW. One of the first black regiments CW has picked up in Kansas (killer Senator Jim Lane, and from the famous 54th Meeting of Fame was organized), and black soldiers in battles such as Baxter Springs, KS, played a critical role. <br /> <br /> No ugly historical mistakes. Good, realistic action that is occasional and insignificant. Good Direction. This film does not have to be the latest civil war, but it is the cleanest of all.
