The war between states was perhaps the darkest hour in America's history; a war that set the brother against his brother and family against the family and left scars that still have healed today and most likely will never be. As in any story of any war, of any historical significance, it is a personal disagreement over a larger conflict that creates the emotional impulse that causes it. It is a human element that creates the context necessary to give him the perspective that director Ang Lee provides in "Ride With The Devil", a drama in Civil War in which he focuses on personal training within the wider description of the war itself and after the journey will include exploring one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, an infamous raid on Lawrence, Kansas, Quantrill, and his raiders, which he has objectively discovered in terms of confederacy. In 1863, the influence of the Union dominated the state of Kansas, and even across the borders of neighboring Missouri, people with the Confederate loyal commitments are increasingly struggling to fight the north, especially without assistance that could be considered a "normal" confederation unit. And when things really start to warm up around their town, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) create their own band and connect with what they do whenever possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like war and do not like killing; but they are worth what they think is right. However, there are others, including young men such as Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who use this conflict as a means of personal gain and as an excuse to express their own violent nature with unnecessary brutality committed in many cases against innocent victims . And so Jack Bull and Jake, like many like them, become the time when loyalty and moral judgments are subjected to difficult testing; the time during which their souls will be tempered in their blood. And they will have to go with the Devil himself against seemingly insurmountable chances. As with all of his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through a fierce but gentle exploration of the traditions, cultural aspects and moral attitudes of people, and the times he displays. And yet Lee gives his audience at least some understanding of his theme that goes beyond the real story and eventually offers a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and the drama they are involved in. Whatever the Eat Drink Man Woman's traditions and customs, the effects of Sense and Sensibility, the honor and the code by which the Warrior lives and dies ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon ") or moral ambiguity, which is backed up by the lack of all the above (" The Ice Storm "), Lee puts his films with insights into the human condition that will bring them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and as he does with all of his films, Lee introduces his story with the help of breathtaking cinematography (in this film by Frederick Elms, who also brilliantly made "The Ice Storm"), who under his direction is nothing less than visual poetry. It's a strange touch to Lee, and adds a sensual, reflexive sense to any story he says, one of the elements that makes his films so memorable. As Jake and Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film, which is so effective in contrast to the maturity that later explains how the story unfolds and its position with him. The most important thing is that Maguire responds convincingly and credibly to the events that unfold around him, which contributes to the credibility of the overall film and highlights the reality of the presentation: his stoic acceptance of death and reports of those "murdered" in various battles and battles; the moral justice that they encounter, even in so disturbing times; betrayal, which is almost routine due to the nature of the conflict; and the loyalty and conviction that he and his companions firmly hold. All this is what Maguire achieves with his performance, and that is no small success. It is, however, a kind of underrated, undervalued performance that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; such work is worthy of recognition and should be recognized. Skeet Ulrich is also effective because Jack Bull and Jewel (in his debut with his film) becomes a powerful performance like Sue Lee Shelley. But it is Jeffrey Wright, who excels in a supporting role such as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who brings a cold threat like Christopher Walken to his role as Pitt. Also in what belongs to the role of acting (one scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little time on the screen. Supporting cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs Chiles). The civil war will forever open to the nation; but hopefully objective objec- tives of filmmakers such as Ang Lee and films such as "Ride With the Devil" will eventually help to close schism and encourage healing. In light of newer events, this is all over the world that is urgently needed. The film is a strong medium; it can be both educational and entertaining, and perhaps even in the future, more filmmakers, such as Ang Lee, will accept and encourage the feeling of unity through a sensitive display of events and attitudes that make us what we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
