Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm," turned to the American Civil War for his latest feature. Based on Daniel Woodrelle's novel, it is called the explosion of a group of southern partisans known as bushwhackers when battling their northern equivalents, jayhawkers in the Missouri Gulf. <br /> <br /> As we can expect, there are plenty of visceral events, but the emphasis is on the tension the war brought to the young men who fought - many of whom fought against their former neighbors and even the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man, or rather a boy, because he is only seventeen when the war arrives in Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) instead of following his fellow countryman and becomes a unionist, and joins the bushwhacker. Despite the lack of acceptance due to its origin and unwillingness to participate in the murder of unarmed men, the Union remains a true cause. Likewise, his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave liberated by another bushwhacker and so fights south. Lee deals with this subject, never crossing the deep introspection that action calls for the benefit of the action, and it gives the film a sense of the reality of war - a long period of boredom and waiting for itself on occasional glimpses of heavily frightening struggles. The event is unglamorous and admirably sincere when it recognizes that both parties have committed a large number of atrocities. The performances are excellent and Maguire and Wright are courageous and dignified. Sincere Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly cold as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly arrogant and arrogant. Lee never smiles at the reality of the war, but his actors do an admirable work demonstrating the good that comes from it - the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage and, on a wider scale, the emancipation of the oppressed nations. Riding with the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks but always shifts the audience.
