<br /> <br /> In anticipation of Ang Lee's new film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw it in the charts and I decided to try it. The film from the Civil War is not a typical film I'm looking at. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was greatly written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, yet it does not sound out of place and outdated. Spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was awesome. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but it's shining here. I always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The big shock to me was Jewel. She was terribly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I have never heard before, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that great acting and great writing and direction goes hand in hand. The film with bad writing makes the actors bad and the visa. This film had the perfect combination. The actors look great and character development is spectacular. This movie keeps you desirous and hopes good things for some and bad things for others. This will allow you to really get to know the characters that are all very dynamic and interesting. The land is complex and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Virtually ten times, I was sure someone was killing in silent parts in a movie that was "too quiet" (brilliant direction). It was also a beautifully shot movie. The country was not eager (It's in Missouri and Kansas for the sakez goodness), but great attention has been paid to selecting great natural settings. It's a rough and rough feeling, but it keeps elegance, which is very pleasant to the eyes. The film was deep. It told the story and thought about it. It had layers under such external civil war. Specifically, she focused on two characters who were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were many more deep questions in this movie that they solved. It was like a beautifully written short story, filled with symbolism and artwork to help you think during and after the story. If you like great acting, writing, lots of events and some of the best movie directories, see this movie! Take a chance.
