Easily 9 out of 10 for the director's film will continue to admire. But do not look at this movie that expects to "have fun". Ang Lee objectively looks at the relatively unexplored aspect of the civil war. What is beautiful in the film, like all Lee's films, is that he does not look at his characters. It creates characters, embodies them with life, problems and ambiguities ... and gives them a reality that often hits much closer to home than many are comfortable with. This film has an action, but it's not a lover of action, because violence is deeply disturbing and far from grounded ... that is, as a character, it's real. And as if waiting for one of the worst wars of humanity, violence is terrible. But as a survey of greater human ambiguity, which is surely based in civil war, it is a masterpiece. Was there a war of slavery and abolition? Lee seems to be quite willing to blur the line that is so popular with the Blue and Gray images. Nor is it about idealism, as seen in Gone with the Wind. It is about freedom, the desire to have something that is yours and to fight for it. When you look at the characters, you will ask yourself "how can they fight for keeping slavery?" The fact is, I do not think they really are, and because the film shows the problem why so many of them were captured in the mist of civil war. It seems clear that many of the characters we learn are fighting from the sense of loyalty to the "home", although they never have to examine what they are at home or whether they are really based on their values. Flight scenes are very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty that stretched to the borders. And when the tension finally becomes felt, and these characters suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new men. All of this blends with the beautiful incorporation of the human environment of Lee with breathtaking views and frames. Lee has a style that is his "art" (slow camera, unbroken), asian in his epicenter and development story, yet he is a bit familiar and easy to access in North America. /> <br /> Relax, leave your prejudices about what civil war is like "western" as a genre, such as a war movie ... and let Ang Lee bring you into a world so fragile, so heavy, so real that only a few of us can see it comfortably. Lee continues what he did in Ice Storm. Once again, the film is slow and without an obvious "direction" ... a certain sign of Lee's ability to drive without "storing" himself on the story or on the screen. Its direction is amplified by what it brings from Jewel (yes, singer), yet unsigned actress, which gives amazing performance. A film for those who love film and are not lovers of the standard Hollywood epic.
