I watched this movie twice on DVD, and in both ways I did not forget my unique, impartial attitude. It looks more like showing reality than most other Hollywood tickets, especially on a subject that is still hotly debated. Although closely related to the southern point of view, it does not question it and, in the end, the only thing that war is lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> What really makes this movie excellent is a refusal to over-dramatize. Nowadays really good movies (in short) are little and far apart, while the traditional fare is nice (if you do not have great expectations) but very commercially happy. I think this film is based on a really good film (without being a masterpiece) because it keeps on itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to watch and analyze it rather than wanting to bomb it with effect and emotion, intelligence. This movie is cool, attentive and generally light in its judgment, which is GOOD. The story has its shortcomings, especially Jewel's character is based on doubts, but the situation at that time was so chaotic that a young widow could only be logical to come back to normal life, and that every other person was liberally took. Yet he does not weaken as a weak one, in fact, I think he is one of the strongest figures, always having control over relationships, and only men indicate. And I owe her gratefully to her that she is not a crying widow. I believe that in the nineteenth century the death of a loved one was something much more normal than now. You can easily die even with minor diseases and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying and surely causing sadness, traumatizes people as it does. People did not seem to build shrines of their lost, as they are doing now, and I like that attitude. My recommendation is smart people watching this movie if they are in the mood for something different from the usual tariff for Hollywood merchandise. Do not look to see if you want a continuous hit or emotion to rent your heart.
