One of the less widely praised recent events of the Gojoe Asian Games is initially slow and often curious, but overall quite amazing, exciting, layered and beautiful. I find it sad to say that I know practically nothing about the Buddhist philosophy or the Japanese history and legends surrounding this film, so deeper meanings are lost to me, but without contextual knowledge it is still a rich ride, an impressive higher plane. The story is Benke, a war monk and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, who is himself a mortal on his higher plane, but this time the power of the demons. The film becomes a matter of illusion, and in Benke's case, indecision, a conflict in which the real goal of self-knowledge is to confront Benke with his true nature, and Prince Shanao face the nature of what he is trying to do. Benkei is further hampered by the fact that his dark nature is fundamentally in conflict with the world, even though he is not in open conflict, is never at rest. Director Sogo Ishii treats him as an epic, measured pace, working with the camera always stylish and often frantic, without neglecting the need for more time to locate the site, there is also great use of lighting and fog, the atmosphere, there is fantasy to much of the film but out of apparently supernatural moments it's a bad and dirty fantasy with a longer fall than fancy. Makoto Watanbe's cinematography is an important, lively and detailed, richly evocative affair. While Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious wild experience like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a controlled, cool arrogance like Prince Shanao. The leader leads Masatoshi Nagase to the point as an ordinary person, intelligent and cynical, but he still does not know exactly what the bets are. The film fits together well, but it's sometimes a touch, it starts slowly, some shots are a little stretched and epic battle scenes sometimes take longer than is absolutely necessary. As far as fighting is concerned, it is rather frenetic than real moves, it has artistic impact, but it can disappoint regular action fans, often covered by objects, blinking blades and fast-moving individuals who turn their opponent with deadly force, are the order of the day, is encouraging but in the end I could do it with a bit of traditionalism. There is also some unfortunate cgi bloodshed, it somewhat works in context but is still disturbing. Overall, however, I considered it a great film that is not for fans of regular events or enthusiastic swordsmen who are looking for another Azumi, a deeper and more mysterious beast whose end will not change especially with fans of the generic wing of such a tariff. But as for myself, it really hit the place, and for those who were adventurous, they could do it. In any case, it is recommended.
