This movie is one of my favorite 10 best movies. Many people see it for the first time and know little about many of the themes in the movie will probably not understand why it feels so amazing, so I try to explain ... The film is very rich in historical details and cultural insights, and while it has several tiny anachronisms, they are totally forgiven. The story is retelling the famous duel between Monk Benkei and young Prince Yoshitsune on Gojo Bridge. During the fight, according to the legend of Yoshitsune, Benkei and the monk become the loyal prince of the prince. This film, however, is a revision of this story and includes war, dark prophecies, and political maneuvering. One of the main themes in the film is "Mappo," a prophecy of the Buddha, which after 1000 years of his teaching fails and the world gets into chaos. It was believed in Heian Japan, after the eruption of Mt Fuji and the civil war between Taira (Heike) and Minamoto (Genji) that the world would fall into anarchy and everything would collapse. It's the time of demons. <br /> <br /> There's a way for the film to solve the Yoshitsuna training problem in the Raven Goblins sword. Lost clans often fled to the mountains and disguised as demons to avoid locals. It is said that the place where the ninja clans began historically. The image of Yoshitsun in Gojo suits everyone well. <br /> <br /> Then there is Benkei and various Buddhist accounts, including a lot of esoteric buddhism of the Shingon sect. All are displayed quite accurately and just add a bit extra, the film can transfer the power of meditation and energy to Ki in a way that is integral to the story, ie it uses magical realism to add the next dimension to the movie, but it does so in a tactical and threatening manner. Everything is filled with fascinating tidbits and rings surprisingly true to life for the season. Sceneries and costumes are also totally unforgettable and very authentic. The soundtrack is great, very embarrassing and ominous. I also thought real acting was surprisingly good. Benkei is a great hero of the anti-hero, Shanao (Yoshitsune) is depicted as a young man who tries his borders and increasingly drunk on his own power, and Tetsukichi, who tries to save his sword, makes an interesting display of an "ordinary man" and his less than flattering opinion to the killers who want to imagine their social improvements. As for the conspiracy to understand why it is so good, I really suggest that you dig an old book about Japan's history and see how this re-fit transforms the almost carefree Robin Hood versus Little John's story into a cruel story of intrigues, violence and hellish karma.
