It seems that Ogre has not gained a very good reputation since his release in 1988, and I think that the reason for this might be the fact that he was given the title "Demons 3" to help him sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two demon movies and the ogres and demons are somewhat similar (in that they are both "monsters") ... but besides, this film has no connection with the other two films. But it is rather good! Italian filmmakers are renowned for digging up popular films, and although this is not quite clear; it seems to me that this person has received some influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on female horror writers who move with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is persecuted by memories since the child was and found Ogre living in her basement. It's not long since they moved to the castle before these visions come back ... and it may be more than just a coincidence when she thinks that a murderous horror lies in the basement. The film was obviously shot on the budget and was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but what it is, it's definitely a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have as much eye as his father Mario; but it takes time to build a predictable atmosphere that truly complements the film. The central setting, the great castle, is the perfect place for a story to happen, and Lamberto does the best of it; although it sometimes involves ripping high-quality films; such as the scenic Inferno style pool. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, because several scenes are taken too long and the relationship between the characters is somewhat odd (especially between husband and wife). There is not a lot of bloodshed, but Bava takes a bit of special effects. Oskar himself looks really stupid and it's a good job we do not often see him. We revolve in shape if it's very predictable and ends and I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and recommended.
