Well, before we deal with it, I have to ask: why is not it mentioned individually? Perhaps it was just television in Italy, but international fans of Lamberto Bava this is his own FILM. In America, this film is distributed on VHS and DVD as "The Ogre" or "Demons 3". Yes, I know it has nothing to do with "demons," except for one member of the cast and crew. But yes, personally, I was upset that it's so hard to find on this page, which is otherwise so useful. Finally we look at "The Ogre". I've seen this story many times on YouTube and honestly I find it scary. The film itself (it's a long feature, that's why it's a movie) has many strong parts and can scare it. I was unhappy with the last session, but overall I can not regret buying a DVD before I saw it (available at the Shriek Show). I think the television origin of the movie explains the last act. I do not want to earn any spoilers. The plot is somewhat familiar: the American horror writer on an ancient spooky chateau with his husband and son just to find out that it exactly resembles the setting of her children's nightmares. There are weak echoes "The Shining," but it is another sign of supernatural horror. A woman (Virginia Bryant) finds more and more evidence that she is the real life of her nightmare, but her husband does not believe her. It was a great atmosphere and fear. <br /> <br /> Multiple nightmares were very weird. The Ogre coconut effect was good, reminding me of a bit of rebellion to my uncle Frank from the first "Hellraiser". There are also some good shocks and a well done underwater scene. I give them the props that the film has never attempted to imitate American films with similar concepts, namely "Nightmare on Elm Street." "Ogre" is the original. And the monsters themselves were scary when they were presented correctly. The DVD Shriek Show is interviewed by Lamberto Bava, in which it is wise to mention that this is not part of his classic "Demons". He also gives a lot of recognition to the real castle in which the film was shot. This setting actually contributes to the movie. Simon Boswell is also helping him. <br /> <br /> There are plenty of good things. "Ogre" is not perfect, but it's worth seeing. Take it that it's a lesser performance Lamberto Bava.
