Anyone who has not seen this movie has a friendly warning: "La Casa dell'Orco" does not look because she expects some demons because you will not find them. This film is not the third installment of the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with it except the fact that Lamberto Bava is driving it. In fact, the "Church" Michele Soavi is also known as the unofficial "Demons 3" and in this case it's also a delusional title, so go for it. It is obvious that because of "demons" successful films; tried to mislead audiences with misleading titles, even though it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. When I said it, I think it is unfair on the other side, saying that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth looking at. Frankly, the film is quite atmospheric, and despite the fact that there are several unintentionally funny situations, I thought it was really scary. However, I think it's fair to say that the story is somehow trying to imitate the "cemetery house" Lucio Fulci. Of course, that's just speculation, but I think I have my valid evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is a man of the family; in both films, a tiny son named Bobby is irritating; in both films a woman in the house is a gorgeous thirty who seems to be the only one in the new house to be really bad, and that in both movies happening in the basement is something really bad. I'm sorry, but I can easily link the two movies and do not call it an accusation. On the contrary, I believe that those who have liked the "house of the cemetery" are likely to look forward to this film, of course, remembering that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less demanding, less scary, " Chalicek, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, are on a holiday trip to an old abandoned house. " "La Casa dell'Orco" castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. When Charel leaves the beauty of the place, shortly after his arrival, he will feel that she was there before, which is impossible, given that she had never been to the Trifira before. It is sad that Charel can not survive her déjà vu and the worst is that her vision comes along with the image of the scary creature that is coming to her. Tom, who is not too patient to start, advises her to leave absurd hallucinations aside and enjoy a holiday. However, women's visions are becoming more and more true, and the peace and quiet that they should enjoy suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood will become real, and this time he will not be able to escape without encountering this terrible witch before him. <br /> <br /> As expected, the conspiracy will show a bit of simplification and as a result it is hard to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with nothing but complete silence and the image of the main character, walking for several minutes around the castle, reviving the pictures of his childhood and nothing else. From time to time, it is rather tedious, but overall there is nothing serious about it. Like many Italian horror films released in the 1980s, this film is quite stylish and effective, but it also offers a plethora of unintentional moments of entertainment that make the film an unforgettable way. For example, the part where Charel is brutally slapped by her husband and instead of crying in the bedroom as I expected would hit him by irritating his face really hard and running into the forest like a maniac. What is funniest is the fact that two minutes later, a happy couple is again as if they were putting themselves together, it was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I personally thought it was absolutely cheerful. Ogre (who is, of course, the villain of the story) looks both horrific and funny, and we look like this: a villain who can scare us and laugh a bit, is twice welcome. Michael Jackson reminded me of "Thriller," but more natural and human, of course. But if I focus on the really good aspects I mentioned earlier: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highest points and even when it's almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps to create somewhat dark atmosphere during moments of tension. So if I have to put my final statement on this movie, I have to say I can not help loving it, including minor flaws, and most people who enjoy these typical Italian horror films from the late eighties, won you will not be disappointed with this. He has all the typical and always well received clichés like a crazy old man who really speaks the truth, featuring a local woman who is allegedly a witch, a spooky castle, a huge dark cellar with a terrible mystery, and locals who try to prevent a tourist from hostility, to stay away from infamous lands. I'd say "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two inches up and punching your face to your husband as a way to give away the hero of the story. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
