"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of MGM's classical music production unit, and is the movie generally enjoyable? good music from Jule Styne and others, excellent Gene Kelly dance (and even decent work by Frank Sinatra) and a fun scenario. The only key element I would criticize would be casting Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the movie always means that the audience will be exposed to endless pseudo-operative fighting from a small girl. Kelly plays a servant named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythic legend around the ship as a mistress, but whose Valentino-spell is constantly suppressed by the presence of his girlfriend with the unexpected central American name of Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of coastal holiday to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly helps Clarence find a girl based on the dubious assumption that he owes something to saving his life. They are designed by a policeman (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help earn a precocious young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to enter the navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). First, it's Clarence, who is interested in "Tetu Susana," but in the end Kelly's character appears to be a more likely candidate. There are some exceptional music scenes, but nothing close to Kelly's more famous works such as "Singin in the Rain" and "The American in Paris." The closest thing we get is a tiny sequence with Kelly's figure in a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry , Tom and Jerry mice (although it seems closer to the size of a dog or cat than a mouse) .It's a surprising succession to its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotions to really pass the test of time. he enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semblant movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy of the world and where we see him dancing through a tunnel that looks like something from "Alice in Wonderland". <br /> <br /> Eventually, the characters will find their way to the popular Susan Bar, a somewhat disinfected Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana, where patrons happily allowed Mrs Grayson to hold her arias with abandonment and guidance she becomes very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have prolonged to sing with her "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing with a slight humorous touch). Of course I have never met their "friend" Iturbi and spend most of the length of the movie trying to get him (in the fun scene Sinatra the character meets Iturbi but bugs him on the piano tuner and forces him to leave the piano tuning and try a professional career) into the studio and the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi tries an incredible symphony composed of dozens of young pianists? you did not see anything like that out of the "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Is Iturbi himself a kind of divine story? presents an opportunity to rescue the artillery of hearing and the possibility of glory and artistic success for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that once Mr. Iturbi enough to hear Mrs. Grayson, her opera career will be a reality. The three main characters are desperate to come to him and think of him as a distant and distant mythological figure? a lot of the movie is magic and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the very "down" to the ground "real" master mans. And when we talk about Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with an orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". When everything is said and done, it is a movie that no one likes musicals to want to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast with the recycled soundtracks for another Kelly leaving as "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still on his early peak, adventurous and stormy in both his dances and his character's interpretation. Sinatrov's voices were never better, and rarely had better songs. Stockwell is a fascinating addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is cute when he is not on the stage. Iturbi adds that it is a well grounded, but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM era. This is one of the better ones.
