Although, in my opinion, it is one of the smallest musicals of stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a smaller musical representing someone from this show is nothing sneezing and the sum of the set makes Anchors Aweigh a pretty good film despite his mistakes. Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively two men of the Navy. As the film begins, they only return to the Los Angeles area where they need some vacation. Brady plans to visit girlfriend Lola. Doolittle is still a little wet behind her ears, and reasonably tries to advise on Brady's women in private (publicly, scriptwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the navy comically exaggerating their subtlety with each other). Brady promises to help him get Doolittle, but mainly because Doolittle will not let him go. It counts in its plans when the local police basically forced the help of a young boy obsessed with the navy. It does not give the police any information as to who lives or lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle finally take the guy back home. When finally Susan Abbott (Grayson) comes to the boy's guard, Doolittle starts her up for her. Brady tries to persuade him to forget her; Brady wants to go back to Lole. But they still get back to Abbott's home and eventually form a little love triangle. Things become more complicated when Brady rests on Doolittle when he knows the famous musician Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, and claims that Doolittle has organized an audition for Abbott, the singer and actress before Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - due to the naval assumption, of course Broadway pop - the stars usually sing in more informal environments, operas - what Abbott's character excels, Liberace as a popular classic - Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott visits a Mexican restaurant in the Mexican part of LA The combination does not work as well as it could. Lots of songs are good and everyone involved is surely talented as a singer or musician, but jumping genres tends to lose consistency. Worse yet, there are several showcases for Iturbi, which at that time was probably a big star that effectively stopped the conspiracy and which at this point seems a bit hockey. I just watched another movie that had great music, Kansas City (1996) by Robert Altman, but it mistakenly stopped the plot to change regularly to a concert film. An Aweigh anchor has a similar tactic. Yes, it is a musical instrument, but there is a difference between songs that rock and are an integral part of fences and concert displays that seem to be a contractual obligation. There are also some land issues. It is not clear why Brady is so against Doolittle pursuing Abbott. We can assume that Brady thinks Doolittle should not be involved in someone who has to take care of a child and who seems to be relatively "right" and traditional, but Brady may on the other hand say that Doolittle does not have the same jealousy, which Brady confesses himself. Abbott appears to be suitable for Doolittle, and Lennart hardly claims that Brady just wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and continue to meet Lola - it seems that Brady's character should quickly pack Doolittle on any candidate whether he is well suited or not. It may seem like a small detail, but it's actually a hanging about a third to half of the conspiracy. The story also seems a bit exhausted. Length is a problem. The Aweigh anchors, which are about two hours and twenty minutes long, should be shortened by at least half an hour. The above is certainly like I complained about the movie too much to justify 8. I just want to emphasize what I consider to be a mistake, because the conventional wisdom on Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea of ​​having no mistakes. Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, alone and together. They produce good, interesting performances. Does Sinatra look and act much younger than his real age of 29? 30 when taking pictures. He plays an unusually naive, virginal character - quite different from most of the role he would adopt later, and other than his public image as a crooner. For Kelly it was his breakthrough movie and rightly so. His choreography is colorful and impressive, as well as his acting. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticated, and she's just gorgeous. All this helps to prevent script errors and extraction pacing. And there is even a very interesting element, which probably arises only because Sidney has been expanding with various moods - infamous Kelly dancing with Jerry Mouse in "Tom and Jerry" glory in the extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of a combination of live action and animation and it is extremely well done and enjoyable if you are a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences are the best of the movie. Leveling up with an outstanding dance with Jerry Mouse is a long song, and the dance number featuring Kelly and Grayson, where Brady introduces Abbott in the movie scene while he wants it, must resort to acrobatic stuntmen to address them physically on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As unequal and flawed as a movie, it's largely successful and fun to watch. Fans of classical musicals should definitely not miss Anchors Aweigh and Sinatra fans should not come out of his character.
