This movie (similar to Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which was seen on the Turner Classic Network yesterday) is renowned for the only music sequence that has earned a place on Gene Kelly Records: Like Fred Astaire dancing with a rack and later dancing around the room and ceiling, this film had Gene Kelly dancing in a series with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well executed. It is forgotten that Kelly tells the story behind Dean Stockwell's cartoon and classmates at school during a break in the day and sets the stage to a succession by storing Stockwell and others closing their eyes and introducing a pastoral type of background. Kelly will even change the nautical blues she actually wore on a white "orange" marine uniform with blue stripes. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He actually talks - the first one that has been repeated for many decades. He also eventually gives Tom Cat the right place for him - Tom will shortly appear as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer on a plate of cheeses. But the sequence of the cartoon with Kelly lasted about seven minutes. Much more of this particular film deals with Kelly's story about lost four-day lives in Hollywood and how Kelly ends up with a meeting with Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) who chases Jose Iturbi into the MGM, Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi movie studio. Besides, two sailors do not mean that this movie could be quite worrying. Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific and, as a result, won the medal. Both are among the crews in California who get a four-day holiday. But scenario writers (to drive what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days of sex with one "Lola," an invisible good girl in Hollywood) Gene and Frank. Frank seems to be one of the idiots who appear in a film film film (especially musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and need "instructions" to meet women's figures. Frank insists that Gene helps "teach him" how to get a girl. It is then that the policeman takes the headquarters to help policemen with a small boy (Stockwell) who insists on entering the navy (and does not give the police a real name and address). When protesters Kelly are able to get this information from Stockwell, when they ask him about some direct questions (which police can not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly is populated with ever more complex problems (mostly because of Sinatra's simplifying mental view of things). He misses Lola the next day when he sleeps late - Sinatra felt he looked so calm he slept he did not wake him up. She's still going back to Grayson's house because Sinatra feels she's the right woman for herself, but she needs Kelly to train him in love. I suppose my lectures could be annoyed by ANCHORS AWEIGH fans, but I find this story irritating. While singing and dancing and concert music by Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi is the first speed, it is unpleasant to take seriously someone like Sinatra's characters seriously. In the real world, Kelly would have begged him at the beginning to follow him at the beginning of a four-day stay-how does he have the right (like Sinatra) that someone who would save his life should help him learn how to achieve it? Such a bullshit always destroys the overall effect of the musical on me - if the musical numbers are not so superior that I forget about this type of nonsense. Stalking Iturbi is just as annoying. Kelly tries to get Grayson as Sinatra when he says Sinatra can get her to meet Josh Iturbi to try singing. For most of the rest of the screen, Sinatra and Kelly are trying to do it and keep moving (at one point - for no real reason - Grayson destroys Kelly's attempt to interview MGM with Iturbi). It's just luck (that Iturbi feels sorry for the embarrassing Grayson) that she is bantering her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly eventually ends up with Grayson. Sinatro's conscience, who could not help seeing Iturbi, was ashamed of bothering her (but blames Kelly for getting strangely into it) and eventually encounters a meeting with a waitress (Pamela Britton) of her native Brooklyn. And of course without the help of Kelly Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Oh, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "scriptwriter"!
