The United States still fought the Second World War (the film was released between Day VE and VJ Day). Every studio behind his salt was either a combat movie where ungodly American soldiers defeated the enemy, or the Americans were singing and dancing as a rule. Technicolor Musicals was what America benefited in the depressed days when everything was split. Most of the musicals of today were just a bunch of musical numbers associated with the best available land that slipped to fill the time to another musical number! I feel that the people who viewed this film were all born after 1970. We suppressed how quickly we forget. This movie could be called "José Iturbi's Search," but now everyone wonders why. Let me explain. From 1929 - his arrival to America - until his death in 1980, Iturbi was one of the best pianists who loved the concert scene. He agreed with several films in 1942, but Hollywood was almost ten years after. Not only the excellent pianist, but also the successful conductor, Iturbi has been for more than 40 years of households. <br /> <br /> The scene where Iturbi and 17 other pianists play one of Liszt's rhapsods was planned early - and no one noticed that the other pianists were all children? Joe Pasternak, who produced this film and many other MGM musicals, attributed Iturbi to an interesting American youth in classical music. Grayson, who wanted to investigate the audition in the movie, was not at that time unlike real life. At that time, everyone wanted Iturbi. The joke among the soldiers was that "GI" means "Get Iturbi" (he did a lot of concerts in military bases). Gene Kelly was a great dancer and Frank Sinatra was an excellent singer, but for the time being this film made by Sinatra was barely 30 and was only under contract to Columbia Records for four years. Kelly was already known as a dancer, but Iturbi had a worldwide feeling for 20 or more years. As for lack of conspiracy, the Americans did not need a conspiracy. They were tired of the war, they were afraid of concern for their loved ones and care for the future. They needed luck and hope and assurance that things would work well at the end. They needed music and smiles and joy and romance. This film and others like it delivered what was needed. <br /> <br /> Enough to lecture. Mouse dancing aside, the best scene in the movie takes place between Sinatra and Iturbi, each of them "ignorantly" complements the music of the other. <br /> <br /> If you have any interest in Jose Iturbi, the Spaniard who conquered more than De Soto, Cortez and De Leon together, please go to my website, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find a summary drawing , excerpts from "Day" film reviews, and pictures of this and some other MGM musicals of the 1940s, as well as the biographies and discography of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Trout
