Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have four days off in Hollywood. Joe knows all about the girls and can not wait for Lola to see her while Clarence is crazy and needs some advice from her friend about how to meet the girls. Then he encounters a little boy, Donald Martin, who escaped to enter the navy. They took him home and met his beautiful aunt Susan, who wanted to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girl, but his shyness is getting in the way. But he does not feel shy with a waitress who comes from Brooklyn as well as he. Toon Joe notices she's in love with Susie. Boys are in repair when lying Susie at a meeting with a magnificent music producer who does not even know. They are real with their feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is top, again in his singing and dancing rutines. Frank Sinatra is amazing as a shy guy from Brooklyn. It's not the first thing that comes to mind when you think Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic like Susan Abbott. They sadly lost this gifted actress and opera soprano singer last month at the age of 88. Detained Dean Stockwell does a terrific job as a little boy who wants to become a seaman. Joseph Iturbi does a great job of performing alone. It's magical what he does with a piano. Edgar Kennedy is playing police station chief. Sara Berner's voice is Jerry Mouse. There's a lot great stuff in this movie and some great singing and dancing numbers. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra when we do "We hate to leave". It's so energetic. "If you know Susie (like I know Susie), it's quite funny. It's a nice moment when Frank sings Brahms' Confectionery for Little Dean Stockwell. It's beautiful to listen to Grayson singing the tango "Jealousy." The most memorable sequence is the one that takes the animated fantasy of the world and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. Also Tom Cat is seen there as a valet. Originally as when Mickey Mouse, but he refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for Original Music Score.Anchors Aweigh is some of the top entertainment.
