At The Movies of Gene Kelly, Anchors Aweigh is described as a ridge of a musician. I certainly can not do it better. It's such an important film in the career of Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra. Kathryn Grayson did not do much about it either. Louis B. Mayer lent Gene Kelly to Columbia, where Harry Cohn had an inspiration to let Kelly choreograph her own numbers, and because of this, Cover Girl became a classic. So if Mayer did not teach the lesson, producer Joe Pasternak did and allowed Kelly an artistic control. When the end of the Aweigh anchor was completed, Fred Astaire finally had a dancing rival for the cinematographic dance monarch. The main number everyone talks about Gene Kelly is a dance with Jerry Mouse. Originally, Kelly wanted to make a number with Mickey's Walt Disney Mouse, but Disney Mickey did not lend anyone. Mickey will have to wait until he engages Roger Rabbit in the outer film. Do not be afraid because MGM had its own animated rodent half of the team Tom and Jerry. Kelly as a dancer has always tried to do something new and different on the screen, just like Fred Astaire. For the next ten years, these two artists have been allowed all the artistic control and were honored for their work, although the films themselves did not make sense. It was like everybody inspired the other to bigger and better creativity, Kelly for MGM, Astaire for MGM and any number of other studies. Anchors Aweigh got Kelly Sinatra to dance a little. In fact, Frank Sinatra always gave Gene Kelly for showing him how musicals would have to be done when he gave Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift for help in getting his Oscar from Here from Eternity. <br /> <br /> When Frank Sinatra acquired half of his contract from RKO from MGM, he insisted on his own little artistic creativity. He became friends with a team of composers Jule Styne and Sammy Cahn. In her autobiography Sammy Cahn tells how Sinatra insisted on writing her songs for this film. Louis B. Mayer gave and wrote great ballads for him to sing. One of my most popular Sinatra figures comes from the Aweigh anchor, I fell in love too easily. Frank sings to accompany the piano in an empty Hollywood bowl. It's Sinatra at his best. With Jule Styn, and later with Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn was rich in the title of having more songs than Frank Sinatra in his mouth than any other person. They were lifelong friends, and Cahn always entrusted Sinatra with this milestone in his career. <br /> <br /> At Styne and Cahn, they said they could write a song just by means of a chromatic scale. They did it in Anchors Aweigh when Kathryn Grayson gave her soprano to work on All of a Sudden My Heart sings. She also made several classic numbers. <br /> <br /> Singing in fact is the basis of the plot. Two seafarers on vacation combined with circumstances meet Kathryn Grayson and her orphaned nephew Dean Stockwell. Trying to fix her with Sinatra, Kelly says she can get her to audition with Jose Iturbi. They spent the film trying to do that. <br /> <br /> My only disappointment in Anchors Aweigh was that Pamela Britton, who plays Brooklyn's waitress, never had a number. She received deep reviews from her appearance as Meg Brockie in Brigadoon on Broadway and that's what brought her to Hollywood. I suspect it has a number that has been cut and somewhere in the MGM vault it can still be. Aweigh anchors are a great example of why musicians are no longer made. All this creative talent was based on a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. If you would have to pay for market value, the costs could be off the debt of some third world countries. But the film's results would be extraordinary.
