ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two eager young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), get a special four-day vacation on the coast. He wants to get to the girls, Joe Lola in particular, Joe, and Brooklyn to stop the little naval Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Not starting in the way of the female and courting, Brooklyn quickly urges Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. But on the way, Joe finds himself on the floor he considers to be his best friend. How will Brooklyn have this betrayal? And Joe ends up with Susie, who also loves him? First and second I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as I did in the city, Kelly / Sinatra cooperation since 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH is a better film in terms of rendering and structure - all dances and songs fit into conspiracy and develop characters and stories rather than defend them. Still, I have both left, I felt that the whole city is better overall. Now that I have seen both films for the third time, I still hold that judgment. Somewhere in the square, like movies and fun, it's just lighter, gayer, pure and simple * happier *. The numbers are rather brash and less integral to the plot, yet somehow it works better than all the dances and songs in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not quite sure why it is. A typical argument is that the second film is too long: almost two and a half hours this is certainly a valid criticism. I certainly felt the length of the first two times I saw it! But it's also a movie that grows for you - the more you see it, the shorter the feeling and the more you appreciate the technical championship that takes part in it. And yet, something just is not right. It feels almost as if the screenplay had been thought and * every single time when Kelly could get to dance or Sinatra to get into the song, that was exactly what happened. No chance to get a musical number was dropped ... and that's probably the biggest weakness of the movie. It has 16 numbers (give or take a couple), and no matter how big a fan you are from Kelly or Sinatra, it really starts to spin one numb when a little. (The contrast, for example, with ten numbers in the City.) You may feel that every song, every dance, can not be removed from the movie without it ... and that's true. But that's also because writers have been no more reluctant to add them first. This long preamble does not mean there's nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. Musical * is a splash with big songs bursting all over the world like a duel between Kelly and Sinatra ("We Hate to Leave", "I Joke It" and "If You Know Susie"), Singing Sinatra Makes Sunset, "The Magic Of Thee" of all, "I'm too fond of love") and, of course, always inventive, always breathtaking Kelly dance. It is also difficult to miss the occupancy of this caliber. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve every watch (her voice becomes more stunning than scary); The role of Jose Iturbi is written sympathetically and makes a great job with him; even her own Brooklyn Clarence, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming ... as close as she could to Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is adorable with blue eyes and curls and plays an innocent boy great (a role that returns to the CITY). His singing is, as usual, simply flawless from announcement to timing and phrasing. His solo numbers might seem like a little drag but when you have a voice of a century, showcasing it's about as good a reason as if you slow down the rest of the movie! Gene Kelly's pure genius in this film is worthy of his own paragraph. Third in the Sinatra and Grayson invoices, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a credible and real figure - he is tough, glib and willing to lie when he needs to win the gal but in fact he's the biggest soft inside. Kelly does it charming rather than flirtatious, but it also gives Joe the real outlook you see in the scene when Joe haunts Brooklyn around a room with a real-life murderous face and breakfast tray in his hands. A * Dance * - The film again suffers from "too big a good thing that spoils the effect," as well as Sinatro's singing. But again, whether it's Gene Kelly doing a softshoe, or knocking through the screen in a marine dress or dressed like a bandit boss ... maybe you still miss the side to exaggerate it! All of Kelly's dances are fascinating, whether it's the simplicity of his knocking, Sinatra on "I've beaten her", his "Mexican hat Dance" with a sweet wide-eyed little girl or his rich Spanish influenced dance "La kupsita". Of course, Kelly is in her red, white and blue marine suit that dances with Jerry Mouse about the "Tom & Jerry" glory, the classic picture that is in the minds of the audience all the time. The liberated golden film memory - surely - it's not often that you can say that you are amazed at the special effects in the film created in 1945, given the saturation of CGI on the current film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, because Kelly always hits his stains and looks exactly where he needs to look. It turned out that the only people who really could keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is no doubt that this first daring, inventive Kelly Dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the film of history and the hearts of classic movie enthusiasts. But it's also remarkable that it is the first of three Kelly / Sinatra films and although it's rather exhausted, it's still a great few hours of fun. Watch this first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
