Released a few months before the end of the war, "Anchors Aweigh" is one of Gene Kelly's major musical triumphs for the 1940s? Under the direction of George Sidney, it had the advantage of a nice score and best of all Gene Kelly's services in his first real lead role in MGM? A year ago in Cover Girl in Colombia, she revealed an innovative approach to screen dancing, a light but pleasant vocal voice and charm in "Anchors Aweigh", although he was billed under Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson, he laid a solid foundation for his most revealing years on MGM? The story of the film, a kind of dry run for "the city" four years later, is followed by Kelly and Sinatra seafarers on vacation on the coast, spending her holiday in Hollywood where she is involved in matters (Grayson) and her little nephew (Dean Stockwell). Does Grayson seem to have a heart for auditioning with conductor Joseph Iturbim? Of course he gets bankrupt. Kelly gets Grayson after some misunderstanding; and Sinatra, forgot to be shy and lost his heart to a Brooklyn girl (Pamela Britton). The story is conventional for the season but unfortunately now seems barely tolerable? But is there Gene Kelly, who controls the film with his personality? Perhaps he was very sad, but if he is allowed to dance, the film will finally lift the country? <br /> <br /> "I begged her," his early song and dance with Sinatra, is fun and a bit absurd, in which he imagines himself as a bandit chief in the Spanish courtyard, a polite Grayson girl with flamboyant flamenco dance and some athletic jumps? He also makes a lovely Mexican dance with little Sharon McManus on Los Angeles Square in Mexico City? The main point of the film is Kelly's famous dance with cartoon character Jerry Mouse ("Tom and Jerry" glory). Excellent and innovative, it skillfully combines live action and animation in its story of a sad king of a mouse who refuses to allow music in his kingdom until Kelly, a sailor in the "Pomerania Navy," wears striped shirt and beret, shows him how to dance? "Look at me, I'm Dancin!" says cheerful mouse mouse ...
