The arrival of white men in Arctic Canada casts doubt on the freedom of the fearless ESKIMO hunter. <br /> <br /> W. S. Van Dyke, Peripatetic Director of MGM, was responsible for this fascinating view of life in the Arctic between Inuit. His production was at the shooting site from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some unpleasant rear projection effects show that some of the shooting took place back in Studio). While it is considered a document at that time, we would probably consider it "docudrama" because it is written in an interesting story and story. The film shows the everyday life of the eskimos, both in winter and in summer, and actually begins in the warmer season of the year without the appearance of snow or ice. He keeps trying to eat and the spectator looks at the excitement of walrus, polar bear, whale, and caribou. The native language is used throughout the use of title cards; the only English language speaks to fishermen and monsters that the Eskimos meet. In fact, it is the arrival of white men, both good and bad, and the changes they bring to eskimis, which is the main story. </ P> <p> Refreshingly honestly with eskimal moral code, especially with their sharing of wives, which was an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the whole film can be valued by a valuable view of a way of life that quickly vanished even in the early 1930s. None of the cast gets the screen, which is a shame, there are some notable performances. The most important among them is Ray Wise, playing the lead role of Mala Eskimo. The Wise (1906-1952) was an Alaskan native of Inuitan origin and is absolutely wonderful and perfectly believable in a very demanding part. As nicely as any Hollywood star, he will continue acting, using the name Ray Mala, in a sporadic film career, often in small unballed roles. Beautiful Japanese-Hawaiian actress Lotus Long plays Mala loyal second wife; the names of the good actresses who play with the other two wives are now obscure. Director Woody Van Dyke performs in front of the cameras as a rigorous police inspector in the northwest. Two decent hearts that Mal has to deliver to Canadian justice are played by Joe Sawyer and Edgar Dearing, both longtime actors. The Danish author Peter Freuchen, whose books the film was based on, has a short, lively role as a poor captain of wooden legs who does not create Malawian anger.
