There are not many surprising stories that resemble Christy Brown. He was born with cerebral palsy in the 1930s in Dublin, his parents thought his disability was mental and physical. Although it was eventually diagnosed correctly, Brown, in a lower working-class family with nearly 20 children, had to push himself to be valued by his family. By using a single fully functional limb, his left legs, he learned to write and paint, skills he developed professionally. <br /> <br /> But what makes the movie version of Brown's autobiography "My Left Foot," such a great story is his humility. Both directors and writers Jim Sheridan and star Daniel Day-Lewis managed to tell this story in a way that does not shout at attention and resort to melodrama. Cheerful fighting and frustration scenes, as well as the famous moments of the minute victory, are the easy stumbling blocks of the story so miraculous, but "My left foot" remains real and truly inspired. Day-Lewis is the easiest to highlight. Playing with anyone who suffers from such a severe physical disability must be a challenging task. Day-Lewis not only gives us a complete picture of Christy but also captures the growth, improvement, and inner change of the character at different stages of his life. He plays Christy at the age of 17 when he has limited language skills and was emotionally unstable, as cruel as he who intellectually taught Christy, who is trying to deal with why he can not find a non-platonic love. The last topic is the strongest film and it would be nice for Sheridan and Coadaptator Shane Connaughton to really do it. Regardless, Day-Lewis will make us understand and sympathize with all these elements, and give it a performance that is so credible that you do not have time to think of "wow, he's such a great actor." These are the most praiseworthy performances. <br /> <br /> Equally important, though, Sheridan's work on film is more subtle. This story is about everyday life and struggle. Although Christy has such unique circumstances that prevent his life, his struggles are not unlike our own, and Sheridan understands this concept completely. Christy fights with love, parental attention, self-esteem, and ability. His struggles are physically manifested (literally and figuratively) than ours. <br /> <br /> Sheridan gives us moments that capture the spirit of the great family of Browns and Christy's unique place in it. Drama develops naturally when tension is the highest and humor comes in essentially the same way. A scene of Christy's dinner that his doctor / teacher - the woman he loves - will marry his brother Peter, who is the best example of Day-Lewis and Sheridan's efforts. Sheridan is so well built that it will come out when we're ready and Day-Lewis takes us away with his amazing work. The second strong part of the film is Brenda Fricker as Mrs. Brown. I did not know she won the Oscar, but in her performances Christy's sweet and wise mother just screamed the Oscar. Her love for Christy and the constant struggle for him seems so convincing and sincere, and because of her situation she gets sympathy. <br /> <br /> The emotional punch of a given story is surprisingly minimal. Perhaps it was part of the victim's attempt to create a film that feels organically human. Two should be reconcilable, but I imagine it is difficult to tell a story that feels true to life and one that provides pretty dramatic moments to take our emotions on a roller coaster. The choice to get worse was definitely wise for My Left Foot. Brown's situation speaks for itself - it does not have to be squeezed for the strongest dramatic impact. Steven C <br /> <br /> Visit my site moviemusereviews.com for more
