I just returned from the "My Left Foot" exhibition in our public library. What an emotional experience - I feel exhausted and uplifted. It's the story of Christy Brown, an Irish writer and painter, based on the author's autobiographical "My Left Leg". Christy was born with cerebral palsy, so that the only leg he had good control of was his left foot. The doctors advised their parents that he was hopelessly mentally retarded, but his mother did not give up on him, and somehow did Annie Sullivan and Helen Keller, help him achieve a breakthrough in learning the alphabet, then reading, writing and painting. The film won the Oscar for Daniel Day-Lewis (Best Actor) and Best Actress Actress for an Actress playing his mother; also received Oscar nominations for Best Picture, Best Direction and Best Personalized Screenplay. As a retired clinical psychologist and family therapist, while many films can be entertained, many also often let me have to overlook brutish fictions or unlikely in realistic psychological reactions. Not this film - it was totally a "spot on" displaying typical Irish parenting roles and behaviors (see, for example, see the typical Irish families in McGoldrick's "Ethnicity & Family Therapy") and uneven emotional adolescence Christy Browne - some immature personality reactions still reinforced by his lifting of his father's features. The film is more likely to change some sequences in its development (painting and writing) and the condensation of several important people into one person, to tell a coherent, credible story that is not burdened by small, disturbing and less important facts. (See Christy Brown on Wikipedia for more accuracy.) The DVD version we were shown had some English subtitles that were a great aid to understanding Christy's speech (and some of the Irish speech); it might lack the initial release of the film. (If you can see this on DVD, let this happen.) Performance Daniel Day-Lewis is one of the greatest and most trusted actor actions I've ever seen. Really spectacular, excellent, superlative. "My left foot" carries more of a similarity to the newer film "The Diving Bell & Butterfly," in which everyone presents the life of a real person successfully overcoming the imprisonment and isolation of an extremely severe physical disability. And so he responds to "Invictus" by William Ernest Henley, which begins: "From the night that covers me," Black as a pole from pole to pole, // thank all the gods who can be // for their unbeatable soul.
