He commented on the film phenomenon of the late 1980s and early 1990s, the number of Oscars that took place in actors playing figures who were physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's award for "Children of the Little God" in 1986, and the next ten years she was awarded "Best Actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and at least five "Best Actor" (Dustin Hoffman 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Women's Smell", Tom Hanks in 1994 for Forrest Gump and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine ") for portraits of disabled people. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf, but everyone else is capable. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon at that time caused some unfavorable attitude, with suggestions that these prices were given more for political correctness than for acting quality. When Jodie Foster failed to win the "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw it as evidence of a response to this type of view. In my opinion, however, most of these awards deserve. I thought the price for 1992 was to be Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than Pacino, but the only one I disagreed with would be Hanks because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in "Madness of King George ". In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My Left Foot" was based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen working class children in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and was initially mistaken for being mentally handicapped. For a long time, he was unable to move or talk, but eventually found himself able to control the movements of one part of his body, his left leg (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his fingers and continuing to become a painter and published writer and poet. <br /> <br /> The life in the working class of Dublin in the 1930s and 1940s could be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself Dubliner) shows us here in many ways a cruel, gray, godless place, very different from our normal idea about the "Emerald Island". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another Irish-themed film "In the Name of the Father"). Against this, the cheerfulness and spirit of his people, especially the Browns, must be set. Much of Christy's success was due to the support he received from his parents who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the news hidden under the crippled exterior and his siblings. We see his brothers getting used to a specially-made cart, and helping the inherited father to build Christy's own room in his yard. The film could easily penetrate into sentimentality and eventually ended up as another "triumph against adversity" that warms the heart. The fact that it is not, is caused by a number of factors, especially the spectacular negotiations. During his career, Day-Lewis has done a lot of great performances, but with the recent "There Will Be Blood" is his best. He is never less than 100% convincing like Christie; his tortured, jerky moves and tense speech attempts convince us that we really monitor disabled people, even though from an intellectual point of view we are well aware that Day-Lewis is capable. Other performances include Fiona Shaw as her mentor Dr Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as Christy and Brenda Fricker as Christy Mother (who received her Best Supporting Actress Award). The second reason why the film leaks from sentiment is that he does not try to sentiment his main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it could also be difficult to live and the film gives us a portrait of "Warts and All". He was a heavy drinker who had been dirty with a tongue and was prone to anger. He could also be selfish and manipulate the people around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course he also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, determination and sense of humor. Day-Lewis acting is not only physically convincing because it convinces us to believe in the disability of his character but also emotionally and intellectually convincing by bringing all these different aspects of Christy's character. His Oscar won a very strong opposition in teeth, like Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was well worth it. 8/10
