Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a cerebral palsy who uses "My Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible film from 1989. The film also stars Brendy Fricker as Christy's mother, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw, and Hugh O ' Conor. Their amazing performance, great screenplay and gorgeous direction by Jim Sheridan help to paint a vivid portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. Brown was born to a lower middle Catholic family, where his mother was still pregnant (22 children out of which 13 survived). His father regarded Christy as mentally retarded and physically disabled but did not allow his son to come into the house. Children in the family would say goodbye to him every day when they went to school, and then his mother would feed and talk to him. In Fricker, it makes sense to women who, although surrounded by a huge family, need someone with whom they speak. Christy does not speak. Finally, a wheelchair was found for him and the children around him who had all known him since he was a child included him in all his activities. The only part of his body that works really well is his left leg and when children find out how well he kicks, they put him in football for that purpose. One of the prettiest parts of the film is the relaxed way that other children handle it. <br /> <br /> There are many powerful scenes, but none as strong as Christy writes Mother on the floor with a chalk between her fingers. "It's real brown," his father says, picking him up on his shoulders and taking him to the pub. Walking to the pub, announcing: "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy grows old because he has the young boy's desires and emotions. He develops the crunching, he is rejected and goes further, turning to painting. Eventually, he goes to therapy in a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. He fell in love with her. When she finds herself betrothed, she almost gets mad. But he survives to live, paint, write (a total of three books) and love again. Because it is a movie, some things have to be omitted and the characters combined. Brown has not been diagnosed for a certain period of cerebral palsy left behind. Therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic personalities in Christy's life, and although we know that his mother believed she had a good mind, in fact she worked hard with Christy when she was a child teaching him the alphabet, etc. Also before Christy Christy 12 years old relationship with a woman who is "My left foot". And the typical Hollywood ending, 9 years before his death, when his wife's neglect can be a factor, does not finish the story. Despite all this, Christy Brown's biopic is incredibly powerful, all of them thanks to two performances: Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Daniel Day-Lewis as adult Christy. O'Conor's facial expression and the way he pulls his twisted body is nasty. One is exhausted and interrupted at the same time. And what about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - Christy is full of life, full of intelligent human being capable of swearing, angry, burning, drinking, going crazy, funny and loving. The well-earned Oscar won the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for the film "Born July Fourth". Do I remember that someone wrote a letter to the editor somewhere that Cruise was so sensational about the Academy? Uh, nothing to change. Nothing. Brenda Fricker is amazing as Christy's mother who never believes in him and what he can do and who keeps his family and husband together in difficult times. The amazing thing about Fricker's performance is that support, love and work ethic seem to come naturally to their mother. The character would never think of a heroine or something that makes something extraordinary. Fricker shows us a religious but not fanatical woman who believes that her duties on the ground must be a good wife and mother. And no matter what her husband does not work, she throws her daughter out of the house because she is pregnant, whatever she drives. He saves money on Christy's wheelchair, accepts photographs of his daughter and child, and starts building a room for Christy at the back of the house. Part of today's work. Oscar-winning performance. <br /> <br /> Brown's life was more complicated than this inspirational film, but it is the amazing success of all those involved and the necessity.
