A French writer, disgusted with his wife's friends, goes to North Africa for a rest. There she meets a lively and talented bedouin who lives in poverty. Because of her wife, who says Maharaja, she decides to train and educate the girl and to introduce her to the Parisian society like PRINCESSE TAM TAM ... Amazing Josephine Baker is perfectly in the title role in this enjoyable French film. With huge eyes and an infectious smile, he immediately meets the audience stars. Her magnificent personality and the obvious joy of the performance make her a pleasure. Baker gives us insight into what is happening to poor Alwin during her transformation and introduction to European morals. Albert Préjean is very well as Pygmalion to Baker Galate; also effective are Georges Peclet as a half-serving servant and Jean Galland as a mysterious Maharad. The film is very nice and well done, it looks a bit like the Busby Berkeley films are produced at the same time in America - although unlike the American films of that period, PRINCESSE TAM TAM has no racism. It should be emphasized that there was no Hays or Code of Conduct in France. Some of the dialogues and events are rather provocative, but we have to admit that Baker singing and dancing "Under the African Sky," as well as her top performances in the Paris Nightclub, are two memorable moments of cinema. /> <br /> The current film filming in Tunisia dramatically increases the film. <br /> <br /> Josephine Baker was born in St. Joseph. Louis in 1906, into a very poor family. Her talents and ambitions soon forced her to move east, and she was shortly a member of Ziegfeld's stupidity. He realized that in the mid-1920s America had great hopes for a gifted black woman, managed to get to Paris, where she eventually entered the Foliés-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. The French loved her and became a great celebrity. A brief return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things had not changed for African Americans. She returned to France, became a French citizen and worked for resistance in the early days of the war. Baker moved to Morocco for the duration and enjoyed allied soldiers stationed there. After the war, Baker's luck began to slip and faced many financial and personal difficulties. For a while, it was even forbidden to return to the United States. Finally, Baker accepted an offer from Princess Grace from Monaco to stay in the principality. Josephine Baker was on the verge of returning when she died of a stroke in 1975 at the age of 68. When he appeared only in two decent films - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger becoming obscure. She deserves a place next to Chevalier, Dietrich & Robeson as one of her true legendary artists.
