Jackie Chan's Classic Overhead Director POLICE STORY (1985) is one of the most influential and influential modern police shareholders ever to come out of Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to simply shoot a movie that would include the usual kungfu as well as a wild game and other "urban" events that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY combines these two action elements and styles and the result is as wild as it sounds. Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police who is trying to protect an important witness (Brigitte Lin), who will soon testify against the powerful gangster boss and his circle of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend plays young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild as her subsequent roles, Heroic Trio (and sequel) Johnnie To, Soul Savior Corey Yuen and David Lai, and many others. The story in POLICE STORY is very simple, but it's the action why this movie was made first and foremost. Jackie naturally, of course, all the pieces of his character himself and also hurt quite a few scenes, some of which are also in a finished movie, like the end in which Jackie hits his head (near his eye) through a very ugly handsome sharp piece of glass. Also, Jackie's team members were almost killed during the filming of the film. The scene in which the bus stops just before Jackie spat the hijacker through the windscreen has become really bad because the bus stopped too early and the cascades did not sound as they should. They were to fly in the parking lot in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and hit the asphalt with a hospital wound. During the final credits, captured pictures and images of these injured actors appear and everything looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one has been too injured or wounded. The event is more than rich and imaginative, as director Chan expects (action). Now the legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at the end of the year are most likely among the wildest scenes that every action movie has been able to deliver. Jackie always says how important editing is (and is true) and really shows up in their action scenes and their timing, which is perfect and makes movies look ultrakinetic compared to Hollywood's efforts, for example. There are hardly any slow moments, and those moments are interesting, and the movie will never become boring or hard to watch. But there is again a negative point I can not stand in HK action comedy, which is this comedy myself. Comedy is not funny, especially when mistakes and amateur elements in the script are not accidental, but because the writer wanted to add it there without having to understand that they are signs of a bad screenplay and silly dialogue. I mean the scenes like a stabbing murder trial at the beginning, when a murderer just screams and screams and makes his cheeks and acts like a drunken clown from some tiny nightmare, and he's there to kill the girl. This kind of acting is stupid and awkward and I would not want to see him in a movie that is very different in his own genre. Characters also talk about their thoughts, which is also a sign of a bad scenario, because those "loud thoughts" are just to make it clear to the deepest viewer, making things too easy and "light". Even if the film is comical and not so serious, such a stupid thing should not be there and can not be forgiven too easily. POLICE STORY is a fast-paced, full-action, sphere-action action miracle action from Hong Kong and since Jackie was very sad due to the poor result he had gained with the US producer The Protector because he did not have the same film ideas as director James Glickenhaus please the audience and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to create a more personal and inventive film. The fact that he certainly did, and the result is so wild today, as it was in the 1980s. This is one of the most crazy action movies ever and it would be somewhat perfect without the shortcomings I mentioned. 7/10
