It's depressing to see where Jackie Chan has ended. It was an unstoppable hurricane of blows, kicks and incredible stunts. In order to be fair, he is now at his age of fifty and someone would expect some kind of slowdown. But with 'Rush Hour 3', where Chris Tucker returns (to all people!) And then there's Kung Fu Panda, where he's not just loud, but his character hardly has any dialogue. to say that Jackie Chan has seen better days is a colossal understatement. It's time, like this is the only solution, to land a dusty old VHS cassette and watch Jackie spear an ass in a younger, plumber, Chris Tucker-free days. <br /> <br /> Enter 'Police Story'. Jackie Chan plays Kar-kui, a policeman whose job is to protect a witness from a large court. He is confronted with the resistance of both unauthorized witnesses and many intercepted men sent by the crowd to silence them. But on the other hand, who cares? The story is not watching Jackie Chan movies. We look at them to see Jackie Chan doing eyeballs and punching and kicking a bunch of people who are less amazing than he is. And at this level, 'Police Story' is not at all possible. The shopping mall features an amazing showdown that culminates in Jackie dropping on a huge high-voltage chandelier. Sure, if such things happened more often, no man would ever need coaxially to go shopping for clothes. There is also a comedy, of which Kar-kui inadvertently upset May (Maggie Cheung), his ever-suffering and apparently sometimes forgiving girlfriend. All humor is quite impractical, but it works so I do not have to complain. Not even acting is too subtle. I'm really not sure that something about the "police story" would ever show up. Director Jackie Chan clearly understands why we look at his films and knows that if we wait for another fight to begin, the last thing we want is to look for nuances and deep and inner meaning. <br /> <br /> So 'Police Story' is an explosion. As with most of his films, the fact that Jackie actually does the things you see on the screen, it makes head and shoulders over the competition. I mean, when Jackie Chan really hangs from the umbrella over the bus, a whole new "Wow!" Factor is added to action.
