The story of Jackie Chan's police story is an orientation film for both the Honk Kong genre and Jackie Chan's career. Directed by Chan, Police Story has a basic story, just like all the movies of that time and genre, and like most of the movie footage, it's not a scenario we should not move about. But the story of the movie is Jackie Chan, who plays a nice guy trying to convict a local gang master. The direction of the film is nothing special and the best effort that Jackie Chan manages us, this responsibility falls under the underestimated masterpiece "Miracles". However, the work that Jackie manages is sufficient and decent. The excellent direction of the film comes with combat scenes. The performances in this movie also differ when Jackie gives a very solid typical Chan nice guy against his role, but it is by no means his best acting role as seen in the Sammo Hung directed movie "Heart of the Dragon". The other actors in the film also perform well as Jackie and Bridgete Lin, who plays their part of the reluctant witness adequately well but does not even have the full potential. Strong acting comes from Maggie Cheung as a girlfriend of Jackie's misery and Bill Tung as a sympathetic and entertaining police chief. None of the shows in this movie is low enough to affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> The action in the movie is what really separates this movie from others with stunning contemporary choreography to suit an urbanized, modern environment. These are some of the best fighting scenes ever shot for the camera. We start shooting there in the slume where Koo (ganglord) makes a drug deal while he is no John Woo style sequence, this serves as a nice starter for the movie. This is followed by a famous car running alongside the hill and through the heart of the slum, which destroyed everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequence that has since been badly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie there is another extraordinary sequence as Jackie tries to bring Bridgete Lin from her house to his. This is really the first scene where we get to the amazing fast handshake, which has since become the norm for all modern martial arts. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and edited together to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the resistance sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best choreographies, stunt, camera and editing work. This sequence is now known for two things: a lot of people sent over high density glasses, which must be said by phenomenal numbers of people, and a bit at the end where Jackie jumps from the 5th floor of the balcony, grabs the pole and slides through the glass roof to see that he is believed). While both of the above factors are uniquely brilliant, I believe that the most impressive part of this combat sequence is Chansa's ability to incorporate anything into the combat sequence and the complete originality of choreography that has never been better for me. I also think that the Police Story action is one of the best filmed and customized actions of the Chans career that helps set the event apart from the others. <br /> <br /> Overall, the police story, despite its invisible storyline and scenario over half running due to filler filling, is one of the best action films of all time, depicting Chans best choreography, best shot action and probably his most remarkable piece of doing this basic viewing for everyone. We're still watching the Chan movie for action!
