This is my favorite movie with Jackie Chan, and Jackie said in an interview that it's his favorite. It contains some incredible stunts and headdresses that are falling as well as some very fun scenes. This film was favored by Brandon Lee, who used parts in Rapid Fire, and was also picked up in Tango and Cash, who used some of the opening scenes. Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps into a fantastic crawl through the unfortunate city, and continues as Jackie slides down the hill and jumps into a moving bus to catch the evil Ku (one of the greatest villains in any Jackie Chan movie.) You can expect some very fun scenes when Jackie tries to balance his duty with a friend with Maggie Chung. His job is to protect a secretary who has enough information to put him down, but it also presents many problems. Jackie is in his absolute best here. The last combat scene in the store is my favorite battle scene from anyone - the season. It was the most intense fight I've ever seen on Jackie, and it culminates by sliding down the field in the middle of the explosions of light. All in all, he was one of his biggest stuntmen he ever did and left him covered with leather. He was lucky not to be exposed to the effects of electric current because the person responsible for the stuntman used high voltage instead of lower voltage. Overall, it's another classical Chan and definitely one of his greatest films. By the end of this movie you can say that he has absolutely nothing back and not even his stuntmen. So many of his stuntmen were injured during the movie that no one was able to secure them - Jackie had to take responsibility himself. There are no tricks, wires or stand-in - that's all that is the true life of the action that is watching them. It's such a type of action that has made it a phenomenon that is and it's a movie that has stunned people for 100 years. If you have not seen this movie and you are a fan of Jackie Chan or action in general, be kind and watch this movie. It's really sensational.
