Jackie Chan is considered to be a film and martial artist as one of the greatest action stars ever to love the silver screen, and Police Story has become his reputation as a likely successor to the later great Bruce Lee. If Enter The Dragon in the 1970s exposed the so-called bench mark of Lee's grandeur, then it's the same about the police story and Jackie Chan in the eighties. <br /> <br /> Forget the Rush Hour trilogy or any of its American efforts - the film that really captures the perfection of Chan, not to mention that the kick started its high kick, crushed kungfu-talisman as well as his film career was this, Police Story - a series of successful police films on the mainland, today's Hong Kong. I have seen many of his efforts - just like the American Rush Hour, Rumble in the Bronx, The Medalian and The Tuxedo's name - and frankly many of them pale in meaninglessness compared to the police story. In these movies, we saw a less "crushing" version of Jackie, which did not give us the opportunity to make the most of our combat skills, not to mention that the combat sequences were not as good as you did in such efforts as the Drunken Master, the police story. <br /> <br /> Stunts in this movie are extraordinary and are the best in every action movie. The shopping center scene is literally unique and must be seen to be believed: a flying jar, Chan, who is on the left hanging outside the bus just by his walking stick as a madman madly crossing the streets of the city, and Chan has successfully used a variety of inanimate objects and interconnect devices like weapons, to fight bad guys. <br /> <br /> As he is known for injuries and broken bones in his body and hurt, Jackie's perseverance in showing his versatility as a stuntman by relying on it is somewhat testimony to his the reputation of a kung fu expert. Especially because he has bruises to do it. So he proved that he was not the only pony in terms of imagination, and he came up with various and clever moves. Story-wise, there is not much to discuss, but what it lacks in the story is its ending action and combat sequences. As for the dialogue, it's not really a huge aspect of the movie - so most Jackie and martial arts fans are more interested in the action, unlike the story. Matrix, there are no wires or CGIs, nor any form of computer trick. What you see is what you get - and what you get with Police Story is a great epic Jackie Chan, full of action and vibrant stunts. It's a mile better than Rumble In The Bronx, the Rush Hour and all of his other American efforts. /> <br /> The police story is an excellent movie and I would definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of the newcomer Jackie Chan, but who is not sure which one to watch first.
