I believe it or not, the last case of Inspector Gadget is what got me thinking about the whole thing Gadget. My name is Miriam, and I'm twelve, so I did not, of course, when Inspector Gadget was at the top of my career. Sure, I heard about him, but I really did not know him. <br /> <br /> When you read, note that I've never seen an original series (I would want it if it came!). It's the only thing Gadget I've ever watched (though I'm obsessed now), and I'll concentrate on what I like because everyone else is so negative. For all the pessimists, I have some bad ones. = P First of all, for a child's sense of humor, you can treat this movie as fun. I thought it was, so judge me. I also thought animations and characters are good, and I'm also happy to have more Gadgets in it because it's my favorite character. (I do not like Penny.) Then there was Claw (his voice was terrible, though) and Madcat; I thought they were doing pretty well. Gadget's idiom seemed pretty well in place, if not a bit exaggerated (that is, sucking the hat-thumb thing is a thumb but a good screen image, though = P) Oh, and I liked the song that ran in loans. Yes, I'm afraid. <br /> <br /> And like all movies, there are also some negatives. <br /> <br /> Talking cars? What's wrong with that? You might say it was aimed at younger boys. I would not feel much worried about it if there was not the fact that cars were basically saving the day. I'd love to have a seat instead of Penny and Brain. And apparently, Gadget loved his car more than it would be natural. A little weird, at least the smallest. Oh, and the boss was okay for Gadget. I mean, heesh, yeah, he was not always the happiest of the people, but he hated Gadget from what I read. Just like an inspector, his personality was exaggerated. Well, that's almost all I have to say about this movie. I thought the animation invented a car-centered plot and that it was quite decent; more than Live-Action Gadgets (frozen, mutilated, BUTCHERED!) at least. Maybe I'm just interested because that's what got me into the Gadget or maybe my mind is twisted or maybe I'm just weird, but I really liked this movie even though I'm the oldest, it's recommended for.
