Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplifting document over its content. Will Luther Luckett sue the Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who raped, murdered, etc.? and surrounded by bad people in an apparently depressing environment to find something that really enjoys and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes to "Shawshank Redemption" with their institutionalized nature and seeking forgiveness and redemption for their past life. When we follow a generous director who is not determined to make a decision, and every year he calls himself to summon certain prisoners in the selected William Shakespeare (this time "Tempest", who was cleverly portrayed with prisoners, so penetrating a focus on forgiveness and redemption, they are entrusted to them and they are related) we are introducing each participant in formal interviews, which are nicely linked by dividing the shots from them into exams. Each actor has his own story and tells about his regrets and reasons why he is emotionally styled with melancholic music over everyone in a traditional documentary. The most powerful and most respected prisoner (it seems to be) is Sammie. The director seems to find out immediately who the most interesting prisoners were in Sammy (and later, Hal), and allows a longer and deeper observation of man and his personality. His presence is on the screen, and his personal revelation comes as a shock to the audience, but he gives him such devotion to his emotional personality, and he feels a special empathy towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. She has other things she does to make the time that has turned out to be a comfortable hobby, as in the on-the-go broadcast program. Again, through the personal interviews and revelations Hal himself (and the well-cut Hal's body cut, not close to his indeterminate hand movement that not only met him, but also with others), especially his heart felt the story of being not believed and scared with his true sexuality in a society that would not accept him as a homosexual, only later in a movie where he is shown to be quite hurried and cruel to the other prisoners involved in the game, as if he were himself, especially Ron, who has a frustrating nature in his acting. The relationship between all the prisoners involved in the game is portrayed as one of respect and unity to achieve something great for oneself. With nice (if not cliché) movements of time around with titles etc? it seems that everything is going on right in the first act, and then on how it builds on public performance, things are probably going to go wrong. The introduction of one of the cast actors and his character replaces the younger, the newer inmate gives the narrative a nice subplot to someone who promises great but eventually all disappoints and fails their expectations. One prisoner in particular (Big-G) welcomes a new prisoner actor (Rick) with an obvious will to raise him into his beloved practice and hopefully he will become a good example. The film seems to capture every prisoner's hobby so well that something that the viewer can relate to, especially when Rick is put into the "Hole" to get new tattoos (something pretty implied earlier in the film when a guard stops a casual prisoner in the yard he asks him when he gets a tattoo that's on his arm and we learn that it's a crime on the device) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. Happy end? Everything looks great when they perform successfully (even they are called to perform elsewhere), and the feeling of true unity is echoed around them, but eventually the film brings everyone back to the ground, it's a short life and everything that has ever been, or was, always take away. He is back in prison to pay for his crimes, and no matter what redemption they are looking for when playing these games, they will not be free men, their proud performances and recognition are undermined by being the lowest of the low criminals and a nice stop in the uplifting music , which plays in a long corridor that coincides with turning off the light and closing the door, is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to realize that he was watching a documentary film about people in a family home by providing them with more information at the end of the film from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them at the end of the film.
