Movies like this one, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad for American films with a gay subject. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are several other notable American films with such depth and sincerity as The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, Israle and the Palestinians. Their relationship is complicated by the tensions between the Jews and the Arabs in Israel. Couples will be in the early stages of their relationships with who will be calling who else, or who will say "I love you" first. Noam's and Ashwar's early love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept and as Ashwar, which is Arabic, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens are probably not. One of the most touching moments in this movie is when Noam and Ashwar attend the production of "Bent". We, like movie viewers, see how they look at this game, and their influence on the two is deeply captured in their eyes. And finally, this moving moment in the final of the film takes place in a very sad way. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are as good as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is great in creating a subtle and interesting takeover of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most of the films today contain sex (almost like sport), it is an old tried and true version of sex with love and passion in combination. It's so refreshing. He also sees that two homosexual men are portrayed as people, not cartoons. In this movie are cartoon characters. It just does not happen that they're two gay men for change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Not so completely. Yes, these are young characters who are struggling with the first unfavorable steps towards adulthood and relationships. But I do not recall that I "blew" as a backdrop for undamaged story lines in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. He has heart and heart. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in his intact glory full of bloom. Yet this is a very satisfying film you can watch.
