This film is a complete re-imagination of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. Between them there is a border and a constant state of war with the Israeli army, which has encountered bombs everywhere and everywhere with Palestinian militants. The situation is pretty harsh. We can imagine love in that immense love. The film, however, is a few light years away when we imagine that two lovers are gay, Noam of Tel Aviv and Ashraf of Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. Nablus is out of bounds. The conflict between both people, both communities, doubles with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But that could even be possible if the war did not bring any other dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She can not accept it, but she accepts to talk about it later. From the wedding itself, a newly married husband sends a headquarters to Tel Aviv to launch a bomb attack. He will be in a café in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Poorly. The Isarel army will send Nablus to the commander to secure the person responsible for the attack, but this will take place and the newlywed girl is shot on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. Husband and widower voluntarily report suicide bombing. Ashraf voluntarily took the place. An exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to avenge his sister. He comes to the dining room that some of Noam's friends manage. But Noam sees him and comes out with him. Ashraf returned back to the middle of the street and detonated the bomb when Noam arrived on the street. Avenging connects both lovers with death. So we have a double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character that can save peace or even worse, it seems that the prince chose parties and was on the side of Israel. The game is completely false and death is certain on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is even stronger, because it is doubled by the play in the movie, a play that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one with a yellow star and the other with a pink triangle. This is surprisingly powerful and amazingly shocking: homosexual love in Auschwitz. What comes from the film is that there is no love in Tel Aviv or Nablus. The film is therefore a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine, which can not continue, even though it has no reason to exist, even though it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never allow the UK to deal with this area long ago. Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated. This will only be possible if everyone gathers to find a lasting solution. But so far everyone has been trying to avoid a general confrontation and discussion of preferring bilateral manipulation. So the suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course there is no sex, because children are needed to keep the war going: and so we will multiply more soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University and Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
