It's hard to have a lot of affection for Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films that describe life in the Middle East and the natural problems that homosexuals can have in these areas. In addition, it has also given voice to young generations and their remarkable parts who really need PEACE and who do not want to mention the war that has long marked the existence of people in both Israel and Palestine for too long. These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to make Fox know a prominent director, even though his sense of melodrama is out of control. However, the fans of his films (who have come to realize in the team with Gal Uchovsk, his producer, co-founder and life partner) seem to be miserable because his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), has the same success of previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. He has reported that the current homosexual version of "Romeo & Juliet", which is now in Tel Aviv instead of Veronica and with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) on the site of two Shakespeare young lovers, the film is really quite different from it or better, it's also something else. In fact, the bubble of the title is a world separate, in which the leading man, Noam, played regular Fox Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must admit that I miss Jagger, stunning Yehuda Levi!) And his two co-tenants, girl, decided to live. About thirty years old, restless, humorous and firm (though the protagonist had spent some time as a national service at a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to live a life not only out of war. Both boys are homosexual and together with the girl they founded a trio in which the brothers love and support each other. Their lives will change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (television star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) of the young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. Valid laws between the group are neglected, but not the will to help one friend. Still, it will not be easy for Noah and his friends because Ashraf is secret in Israel, and in the meantime, his family living in Palestine, who does not know that he is gay, is looking forward to setting up his wedding with a very beautiful girl who is related to Ashraf's beloved a sister-in-law groom who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility for developing a conspiracy with consequences not just for two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and tragedy is inevitable. Even when the film focuses on the obstacles encountered by Noam and Ashraf, we do not overlook the other characters that are well written (eg Golan, friend Yelli, renter of Noam rent, introduced as a living boor and then made available as a sweeter and (apart from the two lead, we must not ignore the funny Zohar Libu and the beautiful Daniel Virtzer, gang girl, LATE MARRIAGE star Lior Ashkenazi appears as a portrait). It also serves to mitigate gloomy tones with more brilliant, though the director can not without a melodramatic conclusion. I have been watching this movie more than a month ago and meanwhile I have often thought about it, which proves that Fox and his friend have the ability to hit home.
