Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have fascinated and easily touched the accounts of unhappy love. Even fascinating have always been stories of impossible love, love that can not be. Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox, the latest film "Bubble", is about it and then it is not. The film's name refers to the "bubble" that Tel Aviv is set against the backdrop of political facts in Israel. The regional cosmopolitan and unofficial capital city has little to do with Nablus, a city on the Palestinian West Bank, which also contains the film. It has little to do with the tense and hateful atmosphere at the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it does not seem to have much to do with anything that surrounds him. The Tel Aviv Bubble allows people to have a lifestyle that does not differ greatly from what you might expect in any western city. Teenage girls looking for Britney Spears' record, lifestyle editor, are looking for sexy covers for their next release, trendy people sitting in trendy cafes to discuss trendy things over cups of cappuccino and other similar drinks trends while those at home looking at the local edition of Pop Idol. It's a "bubble" that also has the potential to calm the mind of man into a fake sense of reality. around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and mostly try to stay out of politics Yelli, the camp owner and manager of the "Orna & Ella" café, seldom leaves the city and prefers not to think of the "bulls surrounding them "Noam, the gentle and carefree employee of the slightly avant-garde trade register, seems to be the same unwilling to engage in long political discussions and reflections.Lulu, the only woman in the batch, is, on the other hand, connected to the Israeli left, although her political activity seems to be limited to "rave" against occupation. "Yelli and Noam are naturally not bothered to take part in them, and her political friends produce t-shirts with a rave logo, create posters, and bring brochures that promote her in the neighborhood, and their main concern is that they will never take part real Palestinians and that the police could come and spoil all the fun for them again.The closest are to a real confrontation when they get into trouble with some not so Palestinian friendly locals who try to prevent them from distributing flyers.In other words, bubble products "<br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film bring us to the checkpoint on our way to Nablus, where we also find Noam, who is doing his spare service. A Palestinian group is thoroughly inspected before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly goes to work and gives birth to a stillbirth despite all the efforts of Noah and the doctor who eventually arrives in the ambulance. The woman is delighted with a young man who later appeared at Noam's Threshold in Tel Aviv, with his identity apparently dropped during suffering on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and is gay. And he just did not come forward to pass this number, he came to see Noah. Without permission to live in Israel, and despite the initial hesitation from Noam's roommates, he remains. He soon gets a Jewish name and work at the Yelli Cafe. When he grew up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic accent that allows his newly discovered friends to hide their identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Why became part of an equation that was never meant to be. Noam and Ashraf look at one game called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a love affair that can never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together at a different level, metaphysical, a level no one else can access. This is also the place where our couple will eventually arrive. And it would not be too different for them, not in today's Israel. Bubble is a political statement about a bubble that is cracking in confrontation with the political reality of today's Israel against the backdrop of a beautiful and unpleasant love story about the Israeli and Palestinian, impossible love story in a divided world where there are no such things as compromise or color other than black and white. "Bubble" is also a beautiful film about people, gay and straight, living in this peculiar city of Tel Aviv, which is reflected by the eyes of people who really care about it. The premise of the film may have its flaws, and the fatal chain of events may seem somewhat straightforward, but its strong messages and emotional impact will not leave you untouched.
