The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists, and while the world may be aware of the violence that surrounds the division of the two countries, few people have a clue about another aspect of division - a group of people who want peace and work to eradicate the department. Eytan Fox, in BUBBLE ("Ha-Buah"), has created a much-needed alternative view of schism and has decided to tell a story that contains fine humor, a lot of love and the taste of brutal reality. It is a window into a situation that pleads for understanding. In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzerova), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very "out" homosexual young man who works in a popular café; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, somewhat shy person who, in addition to his daily work in the music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his leisure time as a guard at the city checkpoints. During one of these guard weekends, he meets the young Palestinian name of Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and attracts each other. The three buddies chose to "steal" the illegally present Ashraf (nicknamed the Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam settled in love, Yali hires Ashraf in his café and Yali and Lulu both discover love, too. Everything goes fine until Ashraf returns home to his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf was able to be openly homosexual to Noam, life in Jerusalem is far different: Ashraf is said to have to marry his sister and sister. In an effort to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguised themselves as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. At the time of supposed separation, Noam and Ashraf were discovered by the kissing of the wives, and this act raises blackmail to keep Ashraf "in the cloakroom." <br /> <br /> Young people in Tel Aviv are dancing to an event that will raise their attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack that will have serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf has to anticipate. The end is tragic at many levels and highlights how serious the problem is between the two countries. The acting is so natural that, from the comedy and tragic aspects, the audience fully believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between serious and carefree, and it's just that balance than that Eytan Fox is such a great writer / director. Many people should watch this important and very fine film. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
