In summer I was in Israel on vacation and so I saw this incredible movie. A little warning before I start writing: I speak fluent in Hebrew, so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; however about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic and I could not understand a little bit of this title bit. It did not touch my understanding of the film, but it caused me to miss a few jokes that caused a laugh in the theater. After an annual American cinema, many of which have been recognized as one of the greatest years for gay cinema and relationships, he needs something really exceptional to stand over his head and shoulders; but "Bubble" overcomes all others with its combination of great acting, funny dialogue, and the relevant political climate. The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments we are not sure what type of film we have gone through. Yet it is an important element of this film's power. The political situation and the extreme tensions in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as his own character in this film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly being exchanged. The city's image and development are critically criticized and eventually the city develops together with the film. The film focuses on love between Noah (Ohad Knoller) and Palestinian immigrant Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe Sweid), with Tel Aviv and Palestine serving as a film constant. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and that creates a sense of urgency that rarely occurs in the cinema. Love is incredibly strong and it is the center of the film element. Secondary relationships and friendships are just as strong: the glamorous relationship of Yelli's (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) restaurant with the streets and grilling of Golan's soldier Golan (Zohar Liba) is a source of entertainment. The love that is based on this film is all the gorgeous, subtle artwork and the cinematography is stunning: In the first love scene of the film, the camera shoots as a male figure giving oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzerová) and dissolves into Noam and Ashraf. This shot many others lead the viewer to realize that all these relationships are manifestations of the same form of love. To do more of it would be a tragedy, but they knew there was a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches the current global political climate, so I will instead focus on humorous dialogue. Even when watching this movie in my second language I could not stop laughing. Lines of special entertainment include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers receive virginal women or men in heaven and Sampson analogy from the Bible as worlds as the first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality, which is rarely seen in the cinema. The music used in the movie is also particularly strong. Music is used only in times when people could or should listen to it correctly and in one scene the music is weakening when the character removes one handset and stops when it removes the other. Small elements like this really raise the movie. <br /> <br /> I could not give a big recommendation to the movie; it is an excellent cinematographic work, which is catheterization and extremely well done.
