This first installment of Crispin Glover's personal magnum Opus will ask you to think a bit, so it is not recommended to any viewer who does not want to sit and argue over Glover's pictures, or is he surprisingly simple but strangely confused? the thread of his narrative. For a more opportune viewer, yes, it will probably look like a mish-mash of strange, surprising and disturbing images for the picture. <br /> <br /> You have a feeling that Glover does not mind being like that, and just as fondly as listening to why someone hates the movie, why he liked it. Glover's innate eagerness for his work and work and the way the audience interprets it is strongly communicated not only through the film itself but also through the unusual questions and answers he often performs after the performances; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has imagined. The easiest way to interpret and reject a movie is to designate a Dada or a nihilist, a juvenile attack on the modern film industry by an actor who worked both without and inside. But there is a reason why Glover is performing his movie, not just selling books; his books are neighboring and creating narratives from the pictures and text Glover has connected and what is it? similar to images taken from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is a cute and persuasive movie that people barely expect to see. There have been many things about using Glover's actors with Down syndrome, and that's actually one of the most striking aspects of the film. It therefore appears that many try to interpret it as a far-reaching crusade to see more realistic and / or dignified depictions of people with disabilities in films and television or at the absolute other end of the spectrum as a kind of direct disadvantage. But it is not, and maybe it's part of what makes this movie so uncomfortable for many: the basic program is not political or hateful, but one of looking at the mainstream culture to an outsider's shame. It's not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a movie owned by Down's Syndicate actors who appear in it. I am the one who is totally gung-up when it comes to ugliness and strangeness that is so clear that she is beautiful; For me, happily, it's exactly what it is, what is it? present to viewers. Glover uses strange images of outbreaks, deaths and people with disabilities in part because he wants his audience to feel unpleasant feelings either from the peculiarity of the imagery or from the visceral reaction that one has to the dying cries of the anthropomorphic snail. In some ways, strangely convincing (and occasionally obvious grotesque) elements are what is it? Remind me of Francis Bacon's work? he from the notorious popes, yes, and the strange distortions of human characters that inevitably make viewers and want to turn away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film can be opulent and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well realized? and contradictions make it even worse. Still, it is not a very serious film, and it can largely omit the biggest pitfalls of the forearm by using humor, largely deriving from the use (and neighborhood) of familiar objects, paintings, and popular culture. And what is it? It's funny, it's very fun. <br /> <br /> Overall, what is it? is an impressive first film by Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves that it is not almost the distraction that one might expect. Watching it is like being an observer in the form of a dream that is not too good or bad, but strange? and when you wake up, you'll feel a little dirty. If it's such a kind of art that enjoys you, what is it? is likely to exceed your expectations and is worth the effort to capture it in the theater along with The Big Slide Show and Glover itself. Overall, this is an experience that you probably will not soon forget.
