This is an embezzlement, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrated a British company, Texa-Conn or something like that, representing a computer and security expert. He secretly learns to hit the computer and gather the admiration of his boss Karel Malden, the hostility of his office rival Bob Newhart and the love of his awkward secretary, Maggie Smith. Some of the business details were a bit dark for these non-business-oriented eyes, but they are quite credible and I get a general idea. Ustinov, the hellish Peter, creates fake businesses in Paris, Rome and Stuttgart, and uses the computers of Texa-Conn to send all sorts of money to these facilities. Overseas companies, of course, consist of nothing more than themselves, Ustinov, and the addresses are abandoned by the artistic attic in Paris, the barbershop in Rome and the bakery in Germany. He simply visited them to collect the checks he had sent himself. I did not think I liked it in the first few minutes because it seemed rather on the slow side. I was expecting something at a faster pace and more outrage, like "The Pink Panther" or "The Lavender Hill Gang." However, this film insinuates your good graces when you realize how humor in storytelling, characterization and dialogue. <br /> <br /> It would probably be a bad idea to give too many pretty gags, but here some examples are more clear. <br /> <br /> Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me have the property of these companies." Smith: "Assets? What is it?" Ustinov: "Small female donkeys." Now nothing is happening from this little exchange. There is a quick cut and no laughing latency, which is appropriate because the reaction is more of a smile than a laugh. Ustinov explores this desolate attic in Paris. It is covered with a web. Bricks are scattered and a few images of former travelers are left behind. The landlord does not speak English and Ustinov does not know French. Ustinov points to a nude woman's baby painting and giggles: "Oh, fam fam-tal, eh?" The landlord laughed, replied, "Do you want to go for it?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, that's her name!" Listed by: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (It's my story.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) She has hooks for Maggie Smith to run her home, but tells her that she is doing a "scenic route". There is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs. "Attention." "Lay-by." "Give priority to." "Yield." End with imperial "STOP / CHILDREN". There is another installation where the Ustinov Scheme is about to find a board of directors - blurred roofs, police cars, farewell to Maggie, ending with the sign: PRISON, Whipped Grasshopper. maybe one more. I still can not get over Malden as a boss, and I say, "I never feel agonized over the decision," then I squeeze a few pills and wash them with a glass of water. undoubtedly well. For example, Bob Newhart's best role. Not that he has so much, and that his range is not limited, but in this part is perfect. Of course, Laurie Johnson's music score was a lot of effort. She seems to have written a short concert for the flute. Ustinov's passion is music, and his foreign races are led by fake names like Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuttgart's fake president is someone named Schmidt and it's an anomaly cloud. Maggi Smith is pretty, sexy, bourgeois and shows she's not nearly as stupid as it may seem. Excellent, in a quiet way, but do not expect comic fireworks.
