"Hot Millions" is a wonderful comedy that is even better due to the presence of a beautiful cast. The film is a tribute to the genius of Petra Ustinov, who wrote the screen and appeared as a key character of an entrepreneurial embezzlement. The film in director Eric Till's film does not show signs of being as bad as some of the time. At the center of the event is a friendly man, Marcus Pendleton, before being released from prison, adjusts the tax levy form for the administrator, which is amazed by the government owing him compensation. Marcus, who is a genius in numbers, sees opportunities where others do not. He's starting to work for the company that uses the latest computer for his bookkeeping, but Pendleton is a resourceful man who finds a way to use the system and set up various bogus bills in different parts of the continent. <br /> <br /> Marcus is assigned a secretary who also has an apartment in her house. Ugly Patty is seen working as a bus rider who can get rid of everything. The way he works as a secretary is not convincing, but things are not the same in the office when the creepy Willard Gnatpole decides to go after her, but they are not afraid Patty's heart belongs to Marcus, who is the perfect pianist and she is a flutist and they make a beautiful music together. The best film in the film is Peter Ustinov. He clearly understood Marcus to play and run away with the film. Mr Ustinov gives a confidential description of embezzlement. Outstanding Maggie Smith is also in her best quality with her to take on Patty, a loving woman who loves Marcus and who proves to be genius himself when it comes to the money he finds in the pockets of Marcus. <br /> <br /> Karl Malden is perfect as an American corporation. Bob Newhart also appears as Gnatpole, a man who longs for Patty but can not make her come back. The amazing Robert Morley is considered Caesar Smith, whose identity Marcus assumed. Cesar Romero also appears in a portrait as an airport customs inspector. <br /> <br /> "Hot Millions" will delight anyone looking for fun in a bulletproof but charming company, Marcus Pendleton.
