This film sat on my Tivo several weeks before I watched him. I was afraid that furious relationships would dissipate. I was wrong; it was a breathtaking excursion into the damned libido of the New Yorkers. The format is the same as Max Ophuls "La Ronde", based on Arthur Schnitzler's play, which was "inspired" by credit. It starts with one person, a prostitute, standing on a street in Brooklyn. She is picked up by a home supplier who plays with her on the hood but can not come. She refuses to pay her. When he's gone, he answers his cell phone and picks up the message. It runs with the keys. Then the story goes to a vendor who pays a professional call to a rich, boring woman from New York who plays with him until he's excited, and she pulls away. He tells him how desperate and unhappy he is; he tells her how beautiful she is and how lucky she is. When she leaves, she asks if she's going to have sex with her. Sits on it, jumps up and down. This time he comes, he leaves. A woman and her husband throw dinner for their fashion friends. Hubby (Robert) talks about business, woman (Ellen) is bored and switches to sex and how often men and women think about it. The husband switches conversation to the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to attract Robert to sex. Robert does not want it, and she gives her a jazz record. Ellen switches on the radio; Robert discovers music; Ellen turns on the television; Robert turns on another TV. This is followed by cacophony. Ellen enters the roof and Robert joins her. Ellen admits that she needs to experience more men than others. Robert says he also needs to live a man. We follow Robert when he visits artist Martin, who plays Steve Buscemi. I wish Buscemi could have more roles like this one, where he is a sexy, clever, desirable guy. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than he deserves, and promises to play it. Martin is excited until it shows that Robert is talking about his weakness, it's just a dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin on his lips and Martin pulls away and says he's not gay. Robert says he's not a homosexual, Martin is grinning. Both admit that artworks are bad. Robert is going to leave when Martin allows him to kiss him. He does it and Robert goes down to Martin. Martin follows as he prepares for an art show at the Manhattan Gallery. He is defeated by the receptionist, Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (I had to check some of these reviews to keep it under 1000 words) ... and they love each other. Next is Anna, who is sitting for lunch. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier), enters, carrying flowers. It is cold for him; trying to find out why. She is telling her that she had sex with someone when she was in San Francisco. He drives from him the fact that he stayed with his ex-man in San Francisco and had sex with her. The last revelation turned out to be a lie. Two of them are going to lunch, but they decide to break apart. Nick's heart broken. And we follow Nick, who confesses his troubles to an older woman he meets on Joey Park Park (Carol Kane). Joey is a bit weird and baby-like, but he's a good audience for Nick who needs a nice ear. Two of them go to Coney Island at night and look at the stars. Nick falls under Joey's spell, despite the age difference between them. They go back to Joey's apartment, and Nick is gradually realizing that he's going to have sex with a mad old woman. He's over it, he does not want to let him go. But it can escape. (This is, by the way, Carol Kane's best role because she played Latke's wife in the Taxi.) Joey calls on the phone and is a man who calls the Psychic Friends Network, and Joey is one of his psychic friends. Although he's still hurting Nick, he's getting into a psychological cut. The man is in his office late at night and wants to call her. Though it's not Joey's business, Joey goes on and brings the man who comes. He wants to continue talking, though the man wants to leave the phone and finds out he has made a lot of money from his company and will be discovered tomorrow. His life is destroyed. Joey realizes that the man is about to commit suicide and tries to believe he is his girlfriend that he cares for him. And she cares about him. But he packs him in the gun case and goes to look for a prostitute on the Brooklyn embankment and we go back to the same prostitute that La Ronde started. He wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if he kills him. He tried to kill himself, but he could not do it. The prostitute does not want to do this, but she insists on holding her hand, holding the gun in her mouth and telling her where to focus. Eventually the guns go off and we see a prostitute walking down the street and going into a corner where she usually does business. The supplier, who did not pay for it earlier in the movie, rolls down the window. They look at each other. END.
