The origin of this movie is mystery to me, because I just know, like IMDB, before I leased it. I suppose before "Starship Troopers", "Killshot" was one of the countless unnecessary pilots who never got into the net, cable or otherwise. The new title "Kill Shot" is comic tossed into the opening sequence, the first of many fast tracks that it has never been designed for the cinema. The fast-cut, "Melrose Place" cheese music and short, 2-second, detailed, candid pictures of the main actors tell you what you have. <br /> <br /> And I do not mind Everything. I was chasing the film that saw the replay that Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards had on the cover of the volleyball net thought it would be fun to see them in the movie except the SciFi Starship Troopers (an excellent book, in my opinion a not so hot movie - but that's another review). After I looked at the IMDB, my roommate and I thought the pilot was towed after the obvious success of Troopers and Richards's own careers (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things Here). They threw in a sex scene that included a smaller status to achieve the desired R-rated status - searched in the Video Rental sections. In any case, it should leave it unrated if you are trying to sell it in the porn / softcore section. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's fun. I hate to help you say it's a TV pilot. It was the biggest move when you watched - when you expect a movie movie and get a TV show, the differences between them will be brighter than usual. Will he rent it again? No. Am I watching this TV show? Well, why not - it's better than Baywatch. And their modest attempts to hit any demographic data would help in the mid-1990s. The Token Black Guy (who is gay to avoid taboo television among racial dating), the Asian token (Japanese, assumed by Koji) is more adept in science and computer than talking to women, a beautiful, smart Latin pre-med student who has everything for her, except her family's bank account - this show would probably be all right. But like a movie I just crack. <br /> <br /> I gave her 7 out of 10, considering what it was and what was forced to stand. It was for a nice evening, and that's all I asked for rents.
