What can I say? The Americans hated it completely because the American cut was so bad, even though you could reveal the underlying goodwill. <br /> <br /> When we talk about the American theater release (along with the newly released version of Blu-ray Disc) it's faster and tighter than the HK cut, the music background has changed from dark, harsh HK musicals to hip-hop musicians ; and there were plenty of scary scenes. Dabing, however, was a remarkable piece of work because they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask), the movie was designed and wanted to be dark, cruel, very distracting, and absolutely scary. Unfortunately, the American publishing house just drained the cream they wanted, which in turn changed the undertone of the film (HK release was rated 18+) to be still comic and amateur. Now let's talk about the original HK release. This film is like a hidden gem, a prototype of the whole "matrix" tide and era. Combat scenes are absolutely amazing, even though cameras functioned as an "old school" between HK movies. However, the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the skins, black costumes and decorations, this film features a black-mastered superman playing a gang of supernatural super-soldiers led by the punk rock star boss. Yes, it sounds like the idea of ​​a retarded child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares representing aliens who fight to fight blood in leather coats. In 2002, they continued the PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters in the movie and had strong personalities and interesting friendships. And did I find myself talking about Francois Yip? Her round kick was totally cool, even cooler than the boss of the villain, because she did not use the stuntman for all the fighting. Did I mention that she also smokes hot? Anyway, a lot of things are about the movie. The film has also suffered a great deal of trouble. First, it's a bad script created at its best potential, which means that this production team deserves better scriptwriters. There are plenty of peaks in the whole 100 minutes, but they often seemed to be far-reaching and not entirely sensing audiences (the American version was even worse as all character development was shortened). In any case, you can not ask for a comic-inspired action movie. Also, this film is completely unsuitable for children. I do not recommend it if you are under 20 years of age. Satisfied with disturbing content, including blood, gore, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence, and so on. Together with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for fans of heavy metal rock music and action fans. (the US cut was milder, but if you want to see it, look at the HK issue, what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspirational, hidden, underestimated, adult.
