David Lynch usually makes puzzles-like movies together badly. They are interesting to look at and think, but they do not really have a gel in their minds. Perhaps art will always mean the most to your creator. The direct story is not a typical David Lynch film. No, it's nothing typical of them. It's a odyssey through rural America. Real life Alvin Straight took to the mower to get to his brother's house. He traveled 300 miles from Laurens, Iowa to Mt. Zion, Wisconsin to get rid of his ill brother for past misdemeanors. At the heart of this movie is the sweet voice of Richard Farnsworth. Alvin Straight brings us simply and honestly. The fact that the film is a slow run corresponds to Alvin's slow path to realization. Alvin meets the confused and horrified young girl. She is pregnant and has decided to run away from her situation. After listening, Alvin talks about the family he is reconsidering. Later, Alvin testifies that a disturbed woman killed a deer with her wagon. He complains that some have killed and left. Alvin feels bad, but he's smart enough to cook some expensive meat that night. Later, Alvin's mower loses his brakes and almost kills him. A nice man and his wife left him in the yard as he did it. They even allowed him to call his sweet but slow daughter played well by Sissy Spacek, whose haunted tragedy in his own past. Alvin insists on paying for the call. The man even offers Alvin his brothers with delight. Alvin refuses with gratitude. <br /> <br /> While Alvin waits, he also goes to the bar with an affectionately old man when they discuss the hardness of the war and the price she took on her soul. Alvin even admits the fatal mistake he made as a sniper who persecuted him forever. Alvin also encounters two brothers who have repaired his mower. He speaks in price and wisely calls them for their high labor and repair costs. It even helps them appreciate each other learning from their own mistakes with his brother. The night before Alvin left the man's court, he took his hat to him. The man tells him it's an honor for him to stay and ask Alvin to write him. This scene is perfect in its simplicity. It's sincere, because it's so real, so real. It takes time and we can not help to get involved more and more. We want Alvin to get to his brothers. We want it to change. We want to know that this world is full of forgiveness. <br /> <br /> It was Richard Farnsworth at his best. It was his last film and his performance was amazing. You can not help but understand his pride, listen to his wisdom, and eventually feel his pain. Man becomes with him as a man who offers him his back yard to stay. When justice is in the afterlife, Alvin Straight, his brother and Richard Farnsworth sit together at the bar. I can imagine how they discuss their lives, regrets, hopes and joys. As Alvin says in the film: "My brother and I were staring at the stars." I know everyone has a good look at the house.
