After the release of The Straight Story in 1999, she was awarded the first film by David Lynch, who ignored his regular theme of macabre and surrealism. Based on the real story of one man and his journey to visit his deceased brother at the John Deere '66, he is at first glance his special story that Lynch was supposed to drive. Still, as the story unfolds, you can see some of Lynch's trademarks that go through. Lynch's focus on the small town America and its inhabitants is still as widespread as in its previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most striking difference is that it is a strange addiction. These limitations mean that the film has a remarkable recognition that it is one of the few films about live events that I think contain a G rating. These movies are extremely significant as proof that they can produce beautiful and significant family films. The direct story was the first feature that Lynch was heading for, where he had no hand on writing. For many devotees, Lynch was a huge negative point. The almost universally acknowledged, only overly negative review by James Brundage of filmcritic.com has focused on this criticism that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch fights in the story of G, which is not his own." Brundage claims that his protagonist Alvin Straight "quotes lines directly from Confucious." He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. But this is the only criticism that many read for the film. While it's true that it's not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway, or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I love, The Straight Story is a different Lynch side, which is by no means terrible. If you are a fan of Lynch, it is most important to separate Lynch from this feature. The slogan is slow and thoughtful, giving you a real sense of the protagonist's thought as he travels to his goal. Alvin constantly reminds of his past and relationships with his wife, children and brother. Still especially important is that there are no flashes that only contribute to the effect, which reminds me of my interviews with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as a watch of the ship, which is led by a slow meandering river and is beautiful to watch. The natural landscapes of the USA are highlighted, and along with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, I am forced to long for the journey to America. Performances are also excellent with every actor believable in their roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly outstanding. His Oscar nomination was highly deserved and it was a shame he did not get it. No matter what, it's probably the best swan for every actor. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story does not contain any of Lynch's intricate storytelling or trademark dialogue, the film is a fascinating character study that you have reached the old and is highly recommended!
