Who would have thought that a film about a man who drives several hundred miles on a mower to see his brother could be good cinematography? I certainly did not. I thought she knew what to expect: one of the most difficult experiences in my life. Well, I was just as bad as I never did, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... Getting short CVs from Straight Story is not too difficult. He is an old and stubborn man who went on a mower and traveled to another state to visit his brother when he heard that the man had a serious stroke. This is strange in itself, but what's even more special is the fact that he did not see his brother in that year for some stupid argument. Meanwhile, he has a share of bad luck and problems, but he also encounters many people whose lives are influencing their philosophical approach to life. In spite of all the difficulties that has been going on for a few weeks, she does not know if she will achieve her goal: she'll meet her brother again before it's too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why people like this movie are that's why I do not say these people have no heart or stuff ... This movie has no spectacular action scenes, it's as slow as the mower's man goes on and on, you do not even have to watch it for a nice soundtrack because there's no . But why should you watch it? A simple answer is a story. I have not seen such a moving film with such a strong story very often, and the fact that it actually comes from Hollywood - even better - from Disney Studios (that's the same, the same study that overcame us with sweet sweetness) is even more peculiar. I do not feel I have seen tears in my eyes several times, probably because the whole situation when someone has not seen many years for some stupid argument is too realistic for me. > <br /> Some people will say that the story is very shallow, but I really do not agree. Maybe it's because he sees the old man who runs the mower and does not want to think further. If you look close enough before you understand that this person does everything because he knows that he was wrong at the moment, that only his pride stood in the way that he saw his brother again and that he wanted everyone else to see it, they would not do the same error. If it's not deep enough, how much more is the story for you? <br /> <br /> I would like to add that this movie really had everything. Some beautiful landscapes (eventually an American film that shows something other than the skyline of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very fine acting by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spaceka ... and a very comprehensible way of saying it over that it's movie David Lynch. I know I was completely mistaken in assuming that this film will not be to my taste. It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. This movie focused on my heart and touched the eye of the bull. I give it a full 10/10.
