"A really nice story about moral about brotherly love," describes this weird David Lynch movie. This was especially "strange" because it was not the type of film Lynch had been selling for the past 15-20 years. They were dark and shocking movies (Blue Velvet, Wild At Heart, Mulholland Drive) and that's the opposite. I know he was disappointed by a lot of his fans. Others were delighted. Wait for me as one of them and own all three "dark" movies. This was another probable life story that described the older man's trip to a sitting mower from West Iowa all the way to Wisconsin to see his sick brother, whom he had not been telling for years but wanting to see before he dies. Well, I guess that assumption - the old man driving a 400-kilometer mop - still makes this kind of "strange", so Lynch remains in the nature with it! <br /> <br /> Richard Farnsworth plays the lead role. He's the kind of guy, the wise-faced, the wise-wise, the low-key personality, the wise one, that everyone likes. Wrinkles on his face tell a lot of stories. It was so sad that I heard what happened to him in real life a year after the movie was released. The first 25 minutes of this movie is not much, and not always pleasant, because it shows the main (Sissy Spacek) and its tragic past, but as soon as Alvin Straight (Farnsworth) begins its journey, the story rises. I played it with some friends, and they thought the movie NEVER got better, but I was more generous with it. I think it's a hidden jewel. It was a sleeping pill for them. I found his way quite fascinating, but you have to realize beforehand that it will not be a casual story of Lynch's crime. It's slow, and if it's okay with you, you may like it. Charm enters the picture with some people Alvin encounters, such as a broken young girl running away, and some dear townspeople who help the old man when he gets into trouble. (Henry Cada as "Daniel Riordan is standout in this respect.") Harry Dean Stanton gets a third invoice, but that's a joke: it's only in the last few minutes of the movie! Iowa scenery is nice there, I've lived there for a few years and managed it , spinning on hills and rich soil, it's a nice country with nice people ... like this movie.
