Maybe more than many movies, this is not for everyone. For some people, the thought of slowing, reflecting and allowing things in their own time to become a good description of their personal hell is thought. For others, such an approach speaks to some deep part of themselves that they know to exist, some parts that long for contact. I suppose it is a function I am today in my own life, but I count in the camp of the second group. I have found that the meditative pace of this film is almost hypnotic, gently leading me into some realm of mythology. It's really the story of the journey, the rich image of the distance that many of us have to travel if we come to a close at the end of the day. <br /> <br /> So, as was written about Alvin's Mr. Farnsworth's Same, though I'm not sure there are words that express the perfect balance of confused sadness and wise innocence he has brought to us. I knew he was really dealing with his own mortality when he was sitting on this tractor seat and wishing he had the opportunity to spend time with him before he left. I hope he had a small glimpse of satisfaction and the truth he brought so many people, not only for "acting", but also for sharing his absolute humanity with such brutal honesty. Given the reality of producing the economy, I'm not sure that Mr Lynch has earned full credit for the courage he has shown and allowed the story to develop so slowly. As an outsider on film production I will understand that there are only a few areas of modern life where the term "time money" is so descriptive. Deep into our hearts is not an adventure that could be rushed, and the fact that Mr. Lynch understood that he was not just telling the story - he invited his audience to spend some time with their own mortality. No simple task, that. <br /> <br /> If you would like to experience the power of the film to introduce you to a precious part of yourself, you could make it worse than spending a few hours with The Straight Story. And then take some time to just listen to your echoes in the little hours of the night.
