It's hard to find a totally bad historical drama that is based on the lives of any number of British monarchs. Just take a respected British or Australian actor, make things pretty nice and you have a guaranteed recipe for Oscar success. Young Victoria is no exception, everything gets fine, cinematic and beautiful, with soft lights and fresh colors and fabrics. She plays Emily Blunt in the role she can finally do. The film begins with the 18th anniversary of Victoria and through intrigue and problems that surrounded her eventual ascension to the throne and the famous marriage with Prince Albert (Rupert's friend). How Young Victoria criticizes moves like a chess pawn various parties, because it managed to find its foundation, and his voice as one of the most influential rulers of Britain. Although this is around the chessboard, quite a typical territory, it is the development of Victoria and Albert relationship, making the film a bit more interesting. I admit: I have a history in history with a specialization in the Victorian era, so I've got a bit attached to these figures. Despite many rulers' defects, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders to improve civilization for their people. They have left their inheritance in art, public health and education, and in Victorian conservative views and the sad culture after Albert's death. But these things are only briefly outlined during the movie. It's fairly well established that the Victoria and Albert were just madly in love, but kept the level of respect for each other, which usually appear between the monarch agreed marriages. Even if it happened behind the scenes, it is certainly one of the most famous. Blunt and Friend have just the right type of chemistry that makes the famous couple of justice, the right combination of restraint and despair. It's another love that is not usually shown on screen, especially in this type of movie. It is encouraging to finally see a relationship in which men and women are on a level playing field. But we can not see enough love. While filmmakers are trying to emulate the issue among political stories, they do not create such momentum to keep the tension high. Even without getting into the more important public works of the couple, things feel somewhat calm, a superficial place intimate and sometimes confusing. It's not such a big problem during the film, but later the effects wear out fairly quickly, and you will find that you are trying to remember what you just watched, despite the perfect performance of leaders, most clearly Blunt, who captures even the famous words of the monarch. <br /> <br /> Just as she tries, Victoria succeeds on many levels but lacks a certain spark that will take it from solid to classical.
