Just as it was easy to assume that the costume drama about copyright can not go anywhere, we are receiving a homage, a moving and intelligent drama grounded in the strong and charismatic performances of Emily Blunt, starring in the lead, Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "Young Victoria" dramatizes the stormy transition of a young woman to strength. Emily plays queen, with a good combination of raw power and innocence, someone who realizes the complexity of the task in hand, but who has the confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as a handsome young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and she has to be able to stand up for those who can now have her best interests. Victoria must protect the penetration of the penetration on the way to the Crown, and even if it assumes its new position, it will find that the path to self-sufficiency will depend on the execution of very important decisions and, of course, the right support. Fortunately for Victoria is Albert, a man who seems to like her and is her mental friend. There is amazing chemistry between these two artists, and there is no doubt about the outcome, but it is the character of Bettany's Prime Minister, the man who provides Victoria with some wise support and loves her. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two sides that may have a dubious character and spend a considerable amount of power on the upbringing of a young girl. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development, but what we see on the screen may be enough to focus on the central character and the outstanding performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion to perform earlier. Here is the breakthrough role of her career, a real historical figure who has broken the rules and managed to manage for a very long time. Shows the seeds of the power and characters the Monarch may have needed in her later years. She also has the sweetness and innocence that has become the foundation of her charitable work and future interference with social change. "Young Victoria" is not a royal epic display of the English ruling class. It is an intimate story about how human beings grow up and what special circumstances they surround and shape. Finally, the film is a great contribution for the year, which has shown great emphasis on war and destruction. Here is the message that good writing and good mediation can get us very far, and of course it's a good old-fashioned love story.
