Who knows? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the crazy Monarch who was 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, was a lively life, full of drama and intrigue in her younger days. "Young Victoria" not only portrays the novel of the young queen with her testifying husband, but she also does a very good job that details the political machinations around her throne. Once the father of Victoria, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent finally joined the former Army Officer John Conroy, who offered his services as a widow's controller Conroy insisted Victoria would be brought up under a terrible "Kensington system", rules to prevent the future Queen from contacting the other children when she was adolescent, and what was more, Victoria was forced to sleep in The mother explains that in 1830 Parliament approved the Regency Act, which stipulated that the Victoria mother would become a regent (and therefore the Guardian) if Victorie had come to the throne while still smaller. At that time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted on signing the papers that Conroya made her soukr the secretary and the treasurer, Victoria with a strong will, and she refused to go with Conroyin and her mother's shameful plans. The Duchess did not believe King William when she considered him to be angry, bringing a disrespect to the monarchy; the king felt the Duchess did not respect his wife. The Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. On the top scene that seemed to be true in history, the King commanded the Duchess to celebrate his birthday feast and said that her goal was to survive until Victoria reached her 18th birthday so that her mother did not become a regent. King William held the word and died shortly after Victoria was granted the right to join the throne. Victoria had avenged her mother for the support of Conroy, whom she had accused of her childhood being so unhappy. Both were driven to a lighter apartment in Buckingham Palace, and for several years Victoria had little contact with her mother. "Young Victoria" expresses the excitement and pumping and circumstances around Victoria's coronation as Queen. A good part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the front-runner of the Whig party, which, unfortunately, is much younger in the film than in reality. At first, Melbourne gains a young Queen confidence and becomes good friends. In his first years of work, Melbourne sees him progressive, but later he loses respect for him, as he reveals himself as a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he is supposed to pretend to be. Melbourne was in fact more of a father for Victoria, but the film suggests sexual tensions between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert as if they were romantic rivals. and the queen must appoint Sir Robert Peel from the more conservative party of Tora as the new Prime Minister. The film records the "The Bedchamber Crisis," in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her dormitories with Tory politician's wife. The film leaves another scandal involving Lady Hastings, one of the Duchess grandsons who was accused of having a relationship with John Conroy and becoming pregnant. Because of Conroy's hatred, Victoria has contributed to the spread of nasty rumors about Hastings's alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings seemed just pregnant - what she had was a tummy. Victoria's inexperience shows during Crisis Bedchamber, but screenwriters ignore some of the worst aspects of her character, as evidenced by Hastings's affair. The rest of "The Young Victoria" deals with - of course - romance between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria wanted to wait for Albert to be clear from the film because she wanted to adapt to her duties as a new Sovereign. They spent a lot of time matching each other until Albert returns to England and does not support Victorie at the time of the Bedchamber crisis. I found many parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philippe, the current Queen's husband. While Philip is predominantly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws with German background. Albert and Philip tried to reform the labels in the yard (there is a great scene when Albert discovers that the servants are still preparing a table for King George III, although he has been dead for many years!). Albert's fight for Philip was the same as that of the monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Alberto and Philip were involved in various civic projects and demonstrated that they did not have to live continuously in the shadow of their increasingly popular women. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is an excellent scene at the end of the film where Albert upsets Victoria with what she perceives as an "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want a second crisis in the bedroom, so he goes over his wife and prepares a compromise that includes Victorian women's bedroom. Victoria barely talks to Albert when the murderous bullets almost collide (in Albert's film shot in the arm, but that never happened!). The performances in the film are equally outstanding, especially directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ended somewhat suddenly, and the final credits turned too much to hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But "Victoria" is an engaging drama and fascinating historical lesson.
