It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria, defined as a historical figure according to her relationships with men. Shortly after she succeeded on the throne, Lord Melbourne came to the point that she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne." After the death of her beloved husband, Albert was named "Widow at Windsor," and after several years of long friendship with her Scottish ghillie, John Brown, she was nicknamed "Mrs. Brown." This is the price paid by women in the patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and "Young Victoria" is definitely going to make a record straight, portraying the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman who realizes inequality in her company and her court. Courts have always been focal points of cruel jealousy, rendering and counter-move, naked ambition, and sometimes direct murder. As an eighteen-year-old innocent woman, she entered the throne of her uncle, launching a positive orgy of intrigue and a struggle for power between Prime Ministers Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Lord Melbourne, with his old cynicism and top refined refined precious pieces, conjured up in the engineering of an old public school. It is not surprising that the young queen finds respect and maybe even a bit of in love, the respect she is useless to abuse, and portrays the fine line between the seduction attempt and the confusion attempting to push her policy against the better Victoria judgment. In the arena runs Prince Albert, who is on a mission by Belgian King Leopold, who is interested in a political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first, she is reluctant to fall in love with the Queen of England and mitigates the influence of politicians and courtiers. "Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, great-scored and spectacular movie. I note that in some places it has been criticized for this luxury as if the film about English 19th Century had somehow shown the Empress of India and her family living in rags in a dirty workhouse ........ I think so. I have to highlight the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminds me of the young Princess Margaret. It's a crucial role, of course, and she has not had any trouble managing the movie despite the strong performance of Mrs. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson, and Miss Harriet Walter, all of whom are much more experienced. Music is appropriately royal and forms a coherent part of the whole movie without being inconspicuous. The fact that Briton has flourished more than two big queens, Elizabeth I and Victoria, is a thing that feminists want to do more, but I think that, like the Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, there are really strong women, Uncomfortable. If you can find out , why there could be a Ph.D. in him.
