Overall, I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the word "nice" because it's rather dry but it was very beautiful to look at and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. I loved the fact that, despite the bright aesthetic of costumes and settings, all gilded and shiny, this aspect never took the heart of the movie, which was a good, powerful recording (thank you Julian Fellowes: D); not too glamorous or saturated with pumping, that is, it is not a great sensation (when Victoria is pulled out of bed to be informed that she is now a queen, you would not be able to get a less charming crown's hand). It was fine and every line in the movie was worth it. There was no doubt that the performance of love between Victoria and Albert, though somewhat fairy-faced on her face, was in fact a slowly burning candle, and her friends and Blunt did well when they showed how hopelessly the two men had "fed" themselves despite was originally arranged (my favorite moments were when they came home after hunting and Victoria simply embraced her new husband from behind, that's all, what is the movie). Blunt was also beautifully held, has a face that requires your attention, and I can not mention the costumes she wears - everybody is simply beautiful. If I was Blunt, I would have trouble with some of them! The rest of the cast all played their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen of Adelaide being highlight. The only thing I feel is that it lacked a sense of urgency or an event that might have made the film a bit more exciting? (It was more of a shame) I do not know, I wanted "something" to make Victoria become somewhat strong and showed that it was worth a bit more. When I quarreled with Alberta, I loved it, I could have done some other key dramatic moments, even if it could be just me. Finally, at the risk of all patriotic sound, it has restored the kind of pride and respect in the crown and what needs to be in such a position, especially in such a young. This may be partly due to the fact that the film shot of a young Victorian life is immediately applicable to what I wrote for one of my characters in 'The Sword & The Scion', but that was the signs of those feelings by those who follow my book, can you guess what character Victoria is so well off?) Maybe it was in part in a movie that shows how ridiculous the government was in those times because it seemed that they did not give two bitterness about the poor and expropriated nation that only renewed the recognition that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this home domain. The government seemed to be somewhat unnecessary - nothing that could change. "BLOG about movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
