What more can we say? I was not so fascinated by a young actress because Cate Blanchett was on stage ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt now played Queens (they seem to be a benchmark for both novice and upcoming actresses), the roles are full polar opposites. <br /> <br /> Simply put, if you are looking for a high passion, and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, precisely because the subject of the film did not lead a dramatic life compared to other notable royalties like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II, and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were things like good soaps, whose policies and decisions have changed the course of British and most of the world's history. Victoria, by contrast, rose to the throne without an incident, the quasi-dictated nation that quickly became global power due to the industrialization and rise of the navy, its state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married youngsters had a harmonious family life . The facts about her life are not Sturm und Drag, like strong dramas. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from trying to dramatize her noble education and machinations surrounding her throne, is the story of one thing that was really shocking and surprising her mistress's love story. Marriage for financial or political reasons is a reason that is not necessarily a place to look for world spasm but Victory will always be remembered as a kind of marital fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. So, in the center of the movie is an exciting love for Victoria and her prince Albert. I was very accustomed to the fact that Rupert Friend characterized Albert, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat serious, and perhaps touching, naive young man who tried to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure on which a drama is based, but because it is not a story, it does not matter. The heart of the character is shining thanks to the friendly yet serious performance of a friend. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well .. Emily Blunt is noble. Her beauty can not be denied, but it is more than something nice to look at; her face is like an express train due to its expressiveness. The smallest arc of eyebrows, an eye view or a slight smile adds so much. Again, this is not the bombing of heavy speech and passionate speeches, it's not such a movie. But what Mrs. Blunt does with the role is to show the simple humanity of the figure with a strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see how the wind is kept under control by Victorie Mother (Miranda Richardson) and her thoughtful Conroy advisor / lover expressed in simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see her delight and fascination at her first encounter with Albert's eyes, which is constantly attracted to him. We see her nervous and amazed when she turned to Parliament at her Ascension. And my favorite scene of everyone in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful when steel to do what most women really do not have to do in their lives - ask the man they love to marry her, the design so ridiculous for those times (and some would say now) that Victoria erupts in nervous laughter before even saying "marry me". Again, this is not a film that goes beyond the boundaries of greater-than-life expressions, but rather a study of the subtlety of the character and the fact that it does not say so much. <br /> <br /> So, overall, I judge the film what it is and what it was trying to do and as such I gave it to 7. I felt that some of the politicians could be better explained and that some very subtle actors were unnecessarily few and little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film did not have to spend a lot of time on these characters, but a little more exposure would help explain the political environment. I also would like to see more adjustments of married life between Victoria and Albert, but it can only be my greed for multiple scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> Summary: You do not see this movie from the point of view of historical drama, but for what is really a love story between two characters who have become historical figures. I give this film a solid 7 for great performance, brilliant costumes and scenery, and beautiful Victoria from Emily Blunt. And everybody who has left some romances in it will touch the end of this film. God save the queen.
