Do you have to hold a hand whenever you walk up or down the stairs? When others have to taste your food before you eat them? Looking in the face of a promising mother? These are just some of the obstacles that young Victoria has to deal with in this film (different combat forces and attempts at her life also take place). Needless to say, it makes it very fascinating and informative. I just saw Emily Blunt in Devil Wears Prada (and something else). When she was in the movie, there is a standout again. I was extremely impressed by my young Victory portrayal and thought she had done this role very well. It makes the transition from the young Victoria, which we encounter at the beginning of the film with the Queen Victoria, that it will later become completely credible. Blunt is perfectly occupied in a role, showing all the parties (from vulnerable to strong, from young Victoria who makes mistakes to the queen who takes control). It can not be said about Emily Blunt in this role. She is - just - gorgeous, she draws your attention every second on the screen. He is constantly transforming you to the final film. Rupert Friend proves that she is also a great victorious love for Victoria (and eventual husband), Prince Albert. Actors have a nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their development. They have their disagreements, but you can say they are in love. Blunt and Friend are outstanding in every scene they share, and you're wondering what's going on between Victoria and Albert. Other actors in the movie are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is not only one bad performance in this movie. People who are less focused are also well-drawn due to how little time they have on the screen. Even Dog Victoria (Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is unforgettable and works in the movie. Although the film tends to skip more than a few aspects of Victoria's life - especially at the end - and instead tells us what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, what is most important is what we actually see *. This is, after all, a film about "Young Victory" (not "Middle Age Victoria" or "The Old Victoria"). While there are some ornaments in history in this film, it still focuses on what it is about to do - which tells us the story of how the young princess came to power. The film looks amazing, the costumes that Emily Blunt is wearing are visually stunning, and the music is added to the movie just in addition to making it worse. It is exceptionally shot and, unlike many movies, this film is actually a good length, because it does not take long for you to lose interest or feel unnecessary. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that what makes this movie so great is Emily Blunt. It's in good shape, she was spinning another great performance and she perfected this film over what she could be, another actress was cast in this rather significant / historical role. This is a finely-created film with excellent performances that should be seen. If you appreciate the fascinating view of a woman that was immensely important in history, it is a must.
