Cinematographic interests in the British Monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837 - 1901), having met with the efforts of Kecha Knightley Duchess, Cate Blanchett's films Elizabeth and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman about Sister Boleyn's Other Girl Boleyn. More contemporary stories would include the Queen Elizabeth II. Helen Mirren's award, The Queen, at the turn of the death of Princess Diana. Each of these films featured stunning actresses with gravitational effects (ok, so some may question Johansson) or were the taste of their moment, and each film had a definitive moment in the legacy of their historical character that it would become powerless to make those events stand out, and in fact Elizabeth she was just enough to spread two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the name suggests, is the lite version of the life of the young queen, and unfortunately there is nothing to do with this definitive event or the basic political intrigue that affects all royal households and their dealings with shady, self-service politicians. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that Young Victoria is without. Canadian director Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film chronicles in the simplest terms, life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who soon became the novel It It Girl) when she was a child, struggled before crowning, such as the desire of her mother Duchess Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her adviser, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to be named a joint Regent on their throne, as King William (Jim Broadbent) planned. As if that is not enough, political power plays in a picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), the prime minister, trying to gain the confidence of a new queen and gently establishing his own trusted allies for the palace positions. On the one hand, would you understand the need for a young and a new queen to trust people in key positions, but on the other hand actually act in their interests or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this angle of intrigue creeps into a romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert's Friend), where their relationship forms the majority of the second half of the film and almost everything that has already been included in the trailer. They were both brought up under the influence of others, and each step of the way solved exactly what they were supposed to do. Even their bundle may seem like a solid alliance registration, unless both lovers recognize their common need to ground their own ground, with the help of each other. Instead of being pawns, there is a constant search and exploration of opportunities to break out of suffocating and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Trust is also becoming a much-valued commodity, and fidelity can also be exchanged for setting slate clean. However, all of these topics become a breeze through narratives, from childhood to romance, marriage, and children. In fact, there is so much fast forwarding, especially the last few minutes, that it actually leaves the audience that wants more, and of course instead of another movie that I think will probably not see the day light, but maybe the TV series could come out from the movie's reaction and come up with a mini-series or such. It is a shame that all the efforts involved in providing beautiful costumes, sets and arts would be limited to a film that is relatively light in the subject and brief mention of the problems that they do not really challenge the protagonists to make some overcoming the opponent defining character. <br /> <br /> With stellar occupation, more could be expected, but one would leave more than space. Recommended for those who are sometimes curious about the king and queen in the British monarchy just as a complement to other interesting stories available in other previously mentioned films.
