Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line with the throne of England. Current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and does not have to live long. However, Vicky is an inherited mother, Duchess Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her aide, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign the documents claiming to be "regents" until he is older because he is only 20 years old. The young lady rejects her, even though John was crying. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. Still, when William left, shortly after his 21st birthday, Victoria knew he had a heavy duty before him. They first have to be surrounded by "right" advisers to wisely rule. He chooses a handsome lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although the older man, is mentioned as Chief of Vicky. This brings us to the other big decision of the young queen. In front of a young queen, the young queen would choose a future friend because she would bring stability to her life and the kingdom, because heirs must appear in the years to come. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family will also hate some plans. Nice Prince Albert (Rupert's friend) from the Saxon-Coburg dynasty is handed over by his father to the young English king. Once he arrives in the palace, he is struck and the feeling seems to be mutual. But because he is a small player on a royal match map, can he earn his heart? It's a wonderful movie, even better with Emily Blunt's full-featured performance like Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it's her intelligent reading role, which is very well suited. Friend also goes well, just like other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what is repellent!) And the rest. Also, the film is beautifully shot, dressed and set up so visual treatment in every direction. If something is missing, it is a special dose of glare because the film seems to be somewhat straightforward and prosaic, sometimes with somewhat non-imaginative treatment. But this is only a tiny, small argument in the overall very successful and wonderful film. In short, young and old, they should have time for a young Victoria. It is the most valuable film among cinematographic offers in 2009.
