The 63-year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most important and best-known historical governments in British history. On the other hand, her story lacks the theaters of older royalists due to a change in social climate and attitudes, and on the other hand, a story that makes it harder because it is primarily a human being. Given that at the beginning of his life, when the novels began to develop between himself and the German Prince Albert, the director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the most famous shadows of the industry, takes the Victoria story and captures this human element so essential to her heritage. It is a story that feels extremely humble due to its bizarre background, and yet it is partly what gives it a distinct edge that separates it from the usual fare. Taking a very direct and targeted approach, a short five-year period between the rise and marriage to Albert, Young Victoria does what so little of the time this piece of nature offers. Instead of trying to expand the encapsulation of the character's life, Vallée instead decides to prove one of the lesser known complications of the early years of Victoria, which can easily be overlooked in favor of more publicly-known awards. The result is a feature that can hurt historians through their rather ugly views of the facts and the like, yet never let the document get the way to exhausting a compelling story, writer Julian Fellowes holds his weapons and delivers a slightly romantic yet convincing display. Vallée takes it and runs, make sure you take full advantage of these elements with sufficient restraint to keep your integrity in mind, both in terms of history and observer status. <br /> <br /> But much of the pleasure of watching The Young Victory Victoria is simply based on the productive values ​​that have been gained here, which bring to life in the early 18th Century a lively life with energetic realism, which has rarely achieved such genre films. Everything from costumes, sets, hair styles, lighting and photography highlights the spectacular backdrop for Victorin's story, without ever overloading it. In fact, when Vallée's interpretation is revived, it is very hard not to be sucked in only by aesthetics that penetrates the visual element; and then there is also a movie score that greatly affects other very elegant but personal tones that dominate Fellowes' script. The ongoing works by Schubert and Strauss on the story of Victoria and Alberta not only act as a reference point for the characters they play but also connect with elegance and delay that also reflects the original work of composer Ilan Eshkeri. <br /> <br /> However, for all the noisy compositions, lush backdrops and immaculate costumes that interrupt each scene, the only major factor here and indeed for most of the time are dramas are the introduction of casting and how they help bring the world to life. Luckily, young Victoria is blessed with just as immaculate a set of young and old who do a great job. Between the sweet, exciting romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert's friend) and somewhat antagonistic struggles by her advisors and so on (led by great Stark and Paul Bettany), the conflicts and warmth so widespread for the Fellowe screenplay are perfectly played by all stakeholders, which helps keep the film so that it is "nice to look at but subdued beneath it", so common with these excursions. Finally, it's hard to break a job like The Young Victoria. It has a perfectly moving and human sense of love in perfect romance, plus historical significance, which plays as an interesting source of interest for those who are interested in such details. Of course, it does not have to take the film world with a thunderstorm and lacks some significance for its overall presence, which makes it impossible for it to ever become more than just spectacularly restrained romantic periods; but in a sense it's nice. Vallée never seems to be trying to make a difference, nor does he seem to be content with making a getaway for fans. Somewhere in this gray center is Young Victoria, sure to take care of the fans of the genre and those who are a little more disappointed with the usual productions; beautiful, unforgettable, but mainly human. <br /> <br /> - Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
