Besides the longest government in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also holds two other awards. She was next to our current Queen, the eldest British monarch living under the age of 81. She was also the youngest British monarch (unlike English or Scottish) who came to the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And yet, whenever a television or a cinema makes a program or a movie about it, it seems that older Victoria is more interested than a young girl; the version of Victoria, most likely the most well-known audience, is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "Young Victoria" strives to balance the balance by showing us the events surrounding her accession and the first years of her reign. It rarely makes the difference that it is produced by the former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a short look as extra. There are three main springs of conspiracy. The first concerns the intruders of Victor's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular character and her own daughter, mainly because of the influence of her advisor, Sir John Conroy, who was widely known to be her mistress. (According to one unfounded reputation, not the late Duke of Kent, he was the natural father of Victoria). The second part concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was uncle for both sides, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, where he and Albert belonged). The third concerns one of the most bizarre episodes in British political history, the Bedrichov crisis of 1839, when supporters of the Tory Party (which traditionally supported a strong monarchy) froze because the young Queen was perceived to prefer the Whig Party and their Lord Melbourne, although Whigs historically supported the quasi-republican government system, with a monarch reduced to figure. <br /> <br /> Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wonder if this can have a colorful treatment of political issues, as it seems to be based on the side of the conservatives, the predecessors of the modern conservative party. Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a stateman and dignified, while Melbourne is prominent and uninterested in social reform for all his dashes and charm. Perhaps there is some truth in terms of these characteristics, but Fellowes mentions the fact that a few years ago the conservatives opposed the Reform Law, which ended the corrupt electoral system of the spoiled neighborhoods, and that they benefit from the unconstitutional appeal of William IV. Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional history do not always translate well to the cinema screen, and it contains its share of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt to live Victoria and Melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of Victoria) he was not as young as Paul Bettany portrayed. King William IV. He certainly did not want Duchess Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt if he would go so far as to abuse her in the state banquet as shown here. I also could not understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy try to force Victor to sign the Regency Order; the constitutional status of the Duchess expressed the Regency Act of 1830, which stipulated that she would become Regent if her daughter was eighteen at the time of her accession. No paper signed by Victoria could change the law. There are also occasional inaccuracies. In one early scene, we see that Victoria and Albert play chess and compare to the fact that the pawns move around the chessboard, a metaphor so surprised that the whole scene should be completed with "Danger! Major cliché ahead!" Warning. Still, despite such scenes, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as an inherited Duchess and Mark Strong as an unpleasant Conroy. It is visually very attractive, shot in a luxury style that we have united with the British historic track. Jim Broadbent makes a funny turn like King William, though sometimes he is tempted to overcome the top. (Although it was not as bad at the top as it was in the "Moulin Rouge"). The main reason for the success of the film is the performance of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her beautiful imagination, the queen is no longer an old lady of popular imagination, the widow of Windsor in a black outfit that is always amused, but a determined and strong and loving young woman. Her love of Albert and their happy family life together were one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to regain its affection for the British people. (Except for George III., Hanover's ancestors did not suspect marital virtues). Blunt and friend make "The Young Victoria" touch romance and fascinating human career as well as exploring the key period in British history. 8/10
