Legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's four-and-a-half-hour poem in Siberia must not start right now because he has to hold back behind the cosmic space because it takes a cycle of surveys of unrecognized child memories in the painting of the century, but the film continues to lift the steam building in emotional resonance the sounds and images that make up it become interwoven with a pure connection to their subject with the quality of relentless relentless silent dignity that characterizes the Soviet working spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivity, but the almost revizionist way of the pawns like Soya Cuba and Invincible, the mood is dark and reflective. Reports of the revolution hit the lonely Siberian village with grapevine. The fruit of his work reaches this goal only when the world war requires young people to come together. Through all of this, Končalovsky acts on an individual, with care and affection for exploring the hot desire and regret of a woman who, six years after the war, was waiting for a fiance who never returned, waited long enough to come out and become a barmaid on a ship with velvet loungers and who returned several years later to return to her village to take care of an aging uncle who killed the father of the fiancee with an ax, the disrespectful fools of the bridegroom who returned from war and the hero 20 years later returned not for the girl he left, but throwing oil into his homeland, despair and the resignation of the regional leader of the regional party, who returns to his small Siberian village for the sole purpose of erasing the maps of building a power plant. From the decade to the decade, the film takes place with stunning shots from the repertoire of newspapers that follow Soviet history from the Revolution to the War of Famine and Titanic Technological Achievements of the Empire (amazing visual imagery, all kinetic violence and angled angles and flashing cramps of the crowd; faces), but the real film focuses on the individual, the triumphs and the stupidity of the small and large. The other half deeply covered the sense of bitter fatalism; from the broken lives that never reached the filling of the soul with regret and desire. "It can not be a matter," it seems like the world Konchalovksy says, "it must be a matter," because the protagonists are still trying to redeem. For this saga of "man against the landscape" "something seems to float, shadowy, almost insignificant, like the elderly eldesther who appears in every segment to lead or reject the protagonists, sometimes the viewer, sometimes the mysterious sage; and with the other straightforward and logical incomprehensible endings of the challenge and affirmation of human figures, it seems to hide something invisible. The spirit fathers who appear in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a star shining in a nightly, curious bear, really eternal old man himself; Konchalovsky calls for respect for and respect for the mystical country of some other order.While dealing with a small community fighting against natural progress and time and ways to learn to deal with them, often fun bizarre and tragic at the same time, as the director never allows cynicism to overcome his humanism, reminds Shohe Imamura, "Hlubok the desire of the gods. "When Alexei's dream scene breaks through the door panels on which the Stalin propaganda poster is forcibly hit by his (dead) father when he disappears in the fog, a film about opinions about betrayal of the Soviet dream, or better yet, in of all the things that had lost in the Revolutionary Revolution, this betrayal was fiery in the film. Amazing visuals, elegies and darkness with the raw natural edge help to make a deal. At the end, the oil erupts in the flames and the film breaks out with the wild explosion of a pure cinema.
