I have a thing for old black and white films of this kind, the films Will Haya and Abbot & Costello, especially because they are my favorite. I chose this movie on DVD because it used the same idea as Will Hay "Oh Mr Porter," which is one of the best comedies ever made. I just watched this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie ended at 12:45). I've found that films of this kind with regard to Ghost Trains, etc., are best seen at night with lights turned off. In this way you get into going more and night vision works well with this movie. <br /> <br /> Disposable in the movie may seem a bit dated to some viewers, I think it depends on the viewer. But they are not dated. I am 28 years old and although I'm not old enough to be around when this film was released for the first time (my father was however). I still have a lot of appreciation for some of those old movies of this kind. Sitting in the room in front of the TV with some refreshments and drinks and digging back and relaxing at night watching these movies, many things can beat the feeling that you get along. It's a leak of reality for a moment. I noticed that one of the men in the movie (having a black mustache) appears about three-quarters of the journey after the film after his car crashes and he is looking for the woman he followed at the station. This man was in Will Hay class "Spirit of St. Michaels" as well. I just thought I would point it out if no one noticed :). The sets in the film are very atmospheric. Outside the deserted station, it looks good and as if it was not a soul for miles, and the inside of the station is very cozy and looking away from the rain that is out. I felt like I was glad I was in a filming movie. The atmosphere in this movie is something that is now missing from many movies. This will keep you from the moment the movie begins to end. <br /> <br /> We need more of this type of movie in today's market. But sadly it may seem to the benefit of films with nudity and promise and raw humor. This kind of movie production (Ghost Train, Oh Lord Porter, etc.) For me is the golden age of cinema!
