This movie looks like it was designed as Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - plot outlines, dance numbers, zippy music and the whole formula is there ... except Ginger! Whether it really was originally intended to re-pair the team is uncertain, but certainly has the look of one of these films. Instead of the usual helpers for Fred (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because they were known as a comedy team, they could sing and dance quite well. It shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition, and some of Fred and Ginger's traditional numbers were made either with Fred and Gracie, or with the two along with George. Only once, at the very end, Mrs. Fontaine is dancing with Fred, but it's a very short and distant shot. And when we talk about Burns and Allen, I think I owe the team to talk about them in the movie. I have never been a fan of their show or their films. Generally, I think Gracie's idiot is very unpleasant and I've given him bad reviews of shorts and feature films. However, I have to admit in this film that they are great - not only do they dance professionally, but I really thought they were fun and filled the hole that Edward Everett Horton left very nicely. They were at the top of the game and the writers had a great job in this department. <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the movie, it's all fun and fun. The problem for me, however, was that Joan Fontaine was not a really good choice for the film - not just because he was out of reach (after all, he was not a singer or dancer) but because the screen had a ball of fiber. For this reason, the usual balance and great dialogue about the boy was missing. There was also a very charming show by Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could to make the cupid - all because he wanted to win the bet! And finally I loved Fun House and Tunnel of Love - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to watch! Overall, I liked the film a bit - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it also featured Mrs Fontaine's faint performance, which reflects the point - bringing my score for this movie to 7.
