Soon, the Americans are thrown over the dark and damaged England that is preparing to invest in Europe, but in 1937 the image of the Americans hip in the sunny, slightly ridiculous English countryside is an attractive idyllic diversion. American star star and heart Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the gruesome crowd of a girl generated by the furious propaganda of her manager (Burns), is unknowingly caught in the marriage prospects of the terrified heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by the Marshmorton slinging pool, which is led (and manipulated) by Keggs (Gardiner), who leapt to Lady Alica Reggie (Noble), a favorite of Collier's exhausted headline. The story would be much better than a half-hour television episode. The usual Wodehouse conspiracy of misconceptions and jumps to the wrong conclusions to wear thin in a feature film. Both Alice and Jerry look impotent (and uncomfortable) the guilty second half of the movie. The amusement park is too long in the castle and starts to pull. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be blonde, no matter how noble, while young pawn Albert (Watson) is painfully terrible. But while "Damsel" is a fairly small vehicle for so many talents, talent does not allow us. Astaire's romantic comic skill is no less pleasant than any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scene, both with solo and with Burns and Allen, even though his dance with Joan's newcomer is necessarily tame. Gracie almost steals the show as George's bubble secretary, who is also airy, captivating and coolly self-confident. Her scene with acting actor Gardiner as an inappropriate dream of Keggs is a unique classic. This unforgettable scene of this & Astaire with madrigal singers gives the "ladies" a wonderful color of naive but noble Americans who mix with noble but confusing Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Nice Work, if You Can" and "Stiff Upper Lip" that carry the film through its weaknesses. And is there another movie where madrigals get to treat with Gershwin's swing? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. It's a nice turn as fun as some of the Vaudeville musical comedies that ruled the 1930s, but they will never happen again.
