I read that Jessie Matthews was approached and rejected with Fred Astaire in Damsel in Distress. Jessie Matthews has never left her side of the pond in her premiere to make some American musical films. If they got together for this film, it would be a lifetime. <br /> <br /> It's a pity because Damsel in Distress has everything to do with it. Fred Astaire, a story and a personalized screen by P.G. Wodehouse, Burns & Allen for comedy and songs by Gershwin Brothers. In answer to the question he put Good work, if you can do it, there is nothing more to this film than you could ask more. Besides the main lady. Although Ginger Rogers made several films from Fred Astaire, Damsel in Distress is the only film Astaire without Rogers as they were a team. Young Joan Fontaine was cast in this opposite Astaire. Her character does not have any bites made by Ginger Rogers in these films. All he has to do is basically act sweetly and courageously. She also does not support anything musically. And if I had to rate all of Fred Astaire's dance partners, Joan Fontaine would come to the bottom. A poor woman is just terrible in the issue Things that look up. When she later played with Bing Crosby, Emperor Waltz, it is no accident that Fontaine has nothing to do with music. In the version that I have is colored and in this case I think it actually does something good. Idyllic lush green English landscape P.G. Wodehouse is really brought out in this VHS copy. Especially in the number I have already mentioned with Astaire and Fontain, which takes place in the garden. Burns & Allen, on the other hand, as a pair of old Voudevil soldiers, adds Astaire in style in stiff upper lip. The real fun-house sequence is amazingly staged. <br /> <br /> P.G. Wodehouse's aristocracy runs a whole series with Constance Collier on her most beautiful best and once Montagu love as Fontaine's father as a nice man on film. The biggest hit of The Girl in Fear is Foggy Day maybe the most famous song about the British capital from the London Bridge falls. Fred Astaire's best simple, elegant way is one of those songs that will last until London lasts and even afterwards. Overlooking young and inexperienced Joan Fontaine, Damsel in Distress as classical classic score, classical dances, classic comedy. Who could ask for something more?
