In the famous essay on Charles Dickens, George Orwell wrote that many readers always regret that Dickens never kept writing as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not keep writing humorous episodic novels for the rest of his career. That would not be too difficult for Dickens. His current Robert Surtees did so by concentrating only on bad hits of a fox hunting (Mr. FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the name of one of his novels). Among the hunters and lovers of the Surtees horses are still following, but most people consider his novels to be unreadable. Dickens was determined to show he was more than a funny guy (and remember that his first book SKETCHES BY BOZ was also a funny book). So the third Dickens' book is OLIVER TWIST (which got quite grim). Orwell says that for every growing artist he has to change the style of his books. Dickens would certainly (and successfully) agree to that. But Orwell overlooked a genre writer that goes beyond his colleagues. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P. G. Wodehouse was perceived as a entertainer who had fun at the top of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth is proud to pick the highest quality pig in England than to be the Earl of Emsworth! His Psmit is always ready for a counterattack when he is supposed to be subject to an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" plan that should make a huge profit (but he will always be able to divide at the end). And best of all, his Jeeves always gives his great brain work to save the awkward Bertie Wooster, his boss. Given that Wodehouse had a limited idea of ​​his mission as a writer - he was there to make cartoon characters for the fun of the world - his books never lost his glow. They served (and still serve) their purposes. In fact, Wodehouse compared his much more serious contemporary Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny, but more intellectual, books. The best of Waugh remains among the high points of British 20th century literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISED, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to make his points, if his points were not interested in the reader, the book often collapsed. For each human organization there was a later failure in her career, such as ORDAL GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could do less work, his fall did not go beyond Waugh. Wodehouse was also a gifted songwriter (when you hear "Bill" in SHOWBOAT scores, it's not Kern and Hammerstein's melody, but Kern and Wodehouse melody has been transferred from "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years earlier). He was also a playable playwright. So it's nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into a script. <br /> <br /> He has normal Wodehouse touches. The perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a stunning performance) is a dirty guy who tries to catch a "glamorous" gambling game amongst the employees of the magnificent house he is leading. He is also unable to abstain, occasionally singing the Italian opera - through attempts by Constance Collier to control his impulse. This is a typical characterization of Wodehouse. So is the way the love affair between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues well and diminishes due to the legend of Keggs and Young Albert, both wanting to win the game of gambling. Wodehouse always does this type of plot switch, with antagonists changing their view depending on their current state of interest. Wodehouse was also lucky to have Burns and Allan work with him. In general, we believe that George and Gracie and Fred Astaire have bestowed their support on all the films they have created as supporting actors (such as THE SIX BRAND AND THE UNKNOWN). The Fun House section, which contains the Stiff Upper Lip, is beautiful, as well as an earlier sequence in which three make a dance melon (Astera learned from Burns). But Gracie's awesome illogical logic uses Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how he manages to confuse her to give her more money than her change deserves to be - just Albert accidentally noticing the Keggs / Gardiner error, and looks at Gardiner as he would be either stupid or crazy). Her dialogue with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (British band Ray Noble) led him to think he was marrying her, but farewell to Gracie when she married George is also wonderful. br /> <br /> The film allegedly failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers in it and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not play a remarkable job in the role, but the mistake is really Wodehouse's - not making the character very interesting. However, the film may be without this, given the other artists and their characters, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's amazing sense of entertainment.
