There was a resemblance between the art vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica before the "Zavat". They find their own, poetic style and then become cowards. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturici has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow got critical praise for repeating the same pattern again and again. However, people like me who find joke funny only when they first heard it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst movies are "Black Cat White Cat" and "Life is a Miracle". "Hanging" is something completely different. You may like it, you can hate it, but it's not just another Kusturica poetics? Balkan Dreams. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play safe. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another film of flying gypsies and get a prize. Fortunately, as a brave man, he decides to make a film that will be ironic on his previous work. 'Hang' can be described as a powerful and very harsh parody of Kusturica's previous Kusturica films. It is beautiful to see one great director to take too seriously. That's the quality Kusturica and not even the greatest, like Bergman or Kubrick, did not. This movie is so absurd that it becomes absurd, absurd that it becomes deep and so unhappy that it becomes cheerful. The same things as the cult "Plan 9 from the outer space" have made this masterpiece work for people who know how they look at it. An average Western spectator would have little to say. Srbljanovic is the most important owner of tire shops, which concerns Biljana Srbljanovic, the famous Serbian drama writer. Politically, he is very active as a left-wing liberal, and despises Kusturik's political views and anarchism. Kusturina "everything but not delicate" went to work, castration Miki Manojlovičová in the shop of Srbljanovice. The second reference concerns Goran Bregovic? previous Kusturičin composer. He created the "Funeral and Wedding Orchestra" and began to play in Europe. Although Bregovic is praised as a great composer, he is only powerful and most of his songs (if not all) are bad covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica accepted Bregovic to confront one wedding and one funeral, with a funeral mocking the wedding. Music also covers Western classics such as "The London Bridge Falls" or French Lullabies. Do you think it's not decent? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to Bregovic's terrible cover. I really liked the film because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so crowded symbols that it becomes a parody and is beautifully controlled, just like all its work. If you like the previous Kusturica movies, there's a big chance you hate it. If you do not like the last few films, you can consider it a pleasant surprise because it's like Fellini, who runs the "Pink Flamingos". On purpose. I have a massive respect for this boy after "Zavet". Another film, Tim Burton, would surely be the main character with pale faces. Other Kusturica movies can easily be about aliens who attack Earth. That's why he's the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
