Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and noble beauty from Japan. Great buzzer! I've heard great reviews for the movie and leased it from Netflix. I'm glad I did it! In many respects, this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classic motion picture films from the 1940s and 1950s that I loved you so much, as you can see in Yasujiro Ozu - the credits even start the same way, against material of neutral color. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: predominantly indoor sets with just a few scenes in the exterior. Even a few "pillows", as they call it Roger Ebert. The power of the film is based on the character's love to each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of the Japanese family before, during and after the Second World War. Mother takes care of her growing girls as her father (university professor) can arrest for anti-war sympathy. He has never been liberated and has just a few brief encounters with his wife in prison before he dies from hunger and sickness. Meanwhile, he was a former student of a professor who often helps to look after his mother and two girls. She starts to fall in love with her mother and is the replacement father of both girls. But the war begins and he is drawn up, and they must say a sudden farewell. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and gentle spirit in the performance of the actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. It's almost Madonna, she's so beautiful! Large, soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What sensitive performance. There is no macho in him at all; is gentle and kind. I would definitely like to see both of these in other films. I think I'll look at what's available to them. Two little children actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The film is just released on NTSC DVD for the American audience, with very easy reading of English subtitles. I gave him 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost like the Japanese film classic Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
