My introduction to the movie world Yoji Yamady is through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy with Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films, and I looked at veteran film veterans, I think it will take a long time to look at all of his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when Kabei our Mother finally got to our shores, I jumped to a chance to watch what it would give to Mothers everywhere to celebrate their inborn love for their children. Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother tells of a close knit four-member family? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Shigeru's father "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), Hatsu's oldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and the youngest Teru child (Miku Sato). Since their return, their lives have changed forever when Shigeru is arrested under the Peacekeeping Act for his morally controversial writings against the nation, which took place in the 1930s when Japan began its "crusades" in China, and then their participation WWII . <br /> <br /> So Kabei's fight begins to keep work to feed his family and a frequent and difficult encounter with his husband behind the grid. The help comes from relatives, especially on the Shiger side, because the father of Kabei has adopted the "I told you so" position with the choice of husband. Shiger's only student Yama (arthouse fans should recognize Tadanobu Asana here) provides laughter as a vicious man who slowly becomes a confidential and substitute guardian of children and Kabei's sister in the law of Hisako (Rei Dan) of Hiroshima, which in my opinion would sound some slowing bells about her unfortunate fate, as the movie progresses over its timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses primarily on how children grow up in the presence of their mother and in a distant relationship with their dad, what I've enjoyed is how microscopic family events develop under macroscopic world- events that hit ordinary people in Japan. This is against the historical background of Japanese pressure on regional domination and there are figures that do not conceal these ambitions, nor even discuss what the country would eventually do if it managed to keep it in the conquered countries. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, the fact that I am sincerely in the discussion about that time, and also to look at how the common man has to deal with home affairs, which is much more difficult with resources directed at the war effort. <br /> <br /> Actresses actress are here a great pitch and their role, whether they are veterans or child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention of her role as a mother who must dig deeply and find the inner strength to carry the household under difficult circumstances while Mirai Shida and Mike Sato are fond of the comprehending children they must learn to do and compromise. Each scene with all three of them together only makes the heart soothing when it makes it hard, or fill your heart with joy if they celebrate. Soon you will find yourself in the love of being part of this family, thanks to Yoyi Yamada's powerful performance, with Yoya Yamada, who can endure some truly natural performances from children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother boasts a surprisingly beautiful artistic direction and is very cute in delivering joyful and sad moments without going over the top or relying on cheap melodrama to lower the emotions that looking from the audience. There are a lot of little things that are doing right here, which makes it perfect, with every scene unused and with every nuance very meaningful in transporting her message across, whether it's compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Besides (I hoped that despite running more than 2 hours, she hoped she could go on a lot more), Kabei Our mother is highly recommended and it's hard to keep either tears or you think on your own mother and her sacrifices she does for you on a daily basis. Just what these victims are, if you need further reminders, then the scene during the final loans reminds you of things that you probably considered self-evident.
