It's a funny business, watching movies. These days, when "inner emotions" and "emotional separation" are preferred to direct sentimentality, it must be hard to remain true to your true feelings. Soon after I fulfilled the jury's 58th Berlinale duties to capture Kabi Yoji Yamada. After the screening, I watched people hear from the theater hall, waves, men, women, and reviewers. Even director Berlinale, apparently hard-pressed by the spectator of the theater, admitted that he had been unintentionally imprisoned and found himself in three-quarters of that carefree sentimental experience. But what really surprised me was the reviews that came up with us. Despite the fact that the films were unsatisfactory, many reviewers decided to be in poor writing and emotionally insensitive. They seemed to pay their "thought caps" after paying, and as a result, I missed what I thought was a genius about Kabei. Let me explain. <br /> <br /> Built in Pre-War Japan, the story of Kabei revolves around a family of writers and their fate when they are in prison for what was termed "thought crimes" against the imperial will. Through a series of long-lasting emotional scenes, Yamada will introduce us to a man, his faithful wife and two daughters, as well as three side figures - a handsome young sister, a crazy former student and a friend of my uncle? ? they all come to help the family cope with their misfortune in the absence of the man of the house. The story moves slowly, albeit a steady pace, and heart breaks occur in exactly the moments everyone is able to predict. This, of course, makes it virtually impossible for any audience to get too emotionally disturbed by any dramatic event. In other words, although you learn to love the family and their helpers and sympathize with their unfortunate situations, you get so broken by the conspiracy that you will find that you are expecting a certain kind of end. However, two hours into the movie (do not worry, Yamada gives the viewer enough moments of gravity and levitation to guide you), he makes you feel like a "sting". Everything you supposed to be about what's the story of an innocent man who shuddered from his loyal woman and daughter? now suddenly points to one of the family helpers. Someone you've seen so far is now worthy of an unexpected twist. <br /> <br /> At this moment, I was curious about the theater I was in. Everybody began sobbing with little or no inhibition. /> <br /> "My Word!" I mumbled under my breath. Then it occurred to me that "Kabei" was, in the end, more than a film about a family that had been divided on the brink of war. It was, in fact, a clever test of one common human weakness: how little we cared for the secret feelings of the people closest to us. The most common criticism of the film was that it was technically solid but lacking innovations. This is what happens when reviewers acknowledge their proverb. With Kabei, I believe that Yoji Yamada knew exactly what trick he would use to touch one unique aspect of mankind. A dirty old trick he applied so seamlessly in the Tora-san series, and later in Tasogara Sebei. After settling the listener into a kind of narrative comfort zone, he throws us into the world of emotion seldom exploring in the cinema. <br /> <br /> This is the most effective film tool for me all. The one who avoids detection but has a profound effect on you. And proof of its effectiveness was a thousand wet Kleenex pieces, which were fed into a garbage bin right behind this grand cinema. Now, if only some reviewers would resist forgetting what the cinema is. Human emotions. Clean and simple.
