"I hate the stories that start to bury, but I'm afraid this is starting on the day we buried George, not that we buried him." "We have burned it for the sake of the environment." So, speaks Elizabeth (Judi Dench), widow George. She led George with a comfortable and predictable life. She has two grown-up children and 12-year-old grandchildren. But when she was 15 years old and at school, in the middle of World War II, she played night with a saxophone in a girl (almost all-girl) band named Blonde Bombshells. "Almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming robes who did not want to fight and maybe kill. With a yellow wig, long red dresses and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her home where she plays the saxophone she postponed but practiced, but when George left the house on the golf course. Her granddaughter, surprised by how good Elizabeth is, starts talking about how the Blonde Bomb gathers and plays on school dance. "Elizabeth then meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old as Elizabeth, who attracted her much more than 50 years ago (also attracted by all other Bombshell members.) The roses that appeared on the bass drum had a special meaning, who has confirmed his love.) Well, why can not he see if the other members of the band can be found and why not this is a snippet for meeting a grandchild? <br /> <br /> Why not? One of the members of the band is gaga One is dead One is in jail, one found salvation with a salvation army, one can not find a trace, one is known to be in the States, one is a professional singer, and does not intend to hold a school concert, even for a meeting, but one by one Elizabeth and Patrick connect the surviving Bombshell members We do not know if there is enough Tests are becoming more and more unfinished While they are doing this, we share Elizabeth's memories of what life is like when was younger, along with Patrick in the war in London, played in a band while the bombs were falling. How horrible it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. When Elizabeth's granddaughter's dancer arrives at night, of course blonde bombs, full of nervousness and renewed friendship, throw the chicks away. Then Elizabeth informs us that Bombshells are playing at the concerts and that she and Patrick do not intend to marry ... but do not see anything wrong when she gets a little crazy. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental hogwash, professionally executed and bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear this term, "hot comedy," I usually collect if the actors are not first-class. Dench and Holm are the wonders they look at because they take something as light and predictable as this scenario and transform it into something that enchants us. Then there's an "old wide" gambit that's fun if you remember the old widescreen. Among the blonde bombers are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three figures and almost exported production. It is such a strong and unique jazz talent that while singing the program, the Cleo Laine Show almost becomes. Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII types that were played in a strong swing.
