A lot of her disappointment from adult children and almost immediately after the death of her husband Elizabeth (Dame Judy Dench), a widowed atheist saxophonist leans an open return to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to practice playing saxophones in the attic. Once Elizabeth enjoys playing in an open place, she walks along the commemorative path and remembers when she was a 15-year-old member of the The Blonde Bombshells group: allegedly a feature-length band of talented World War II jazz swing musicians. One of the members of the band "Blonde Bombshells" was a female drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. Patrick and Elizabeth are 12-year-old daughter Joanna (Millie Findlay), press Elizabeth to round off former band members and start playing together; this time as a bunch of sexagents. Among the band members they find are bass plays (Madeleine (Leslie Caron)); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), playing trumpet, alcoholic and extra-judicial, divorced beer and a widow living out of wealth from many (ex) marriages in Craigievar's Scottish Castle; Gwen (real american star jazz singer Clio Laine), who has a leading vocal; Annie, (June Whitfield), as a trombonist who plays the Salvation Army; Betty (late pianist Joan Sims), who is engaged in ivory key training at the Hastings pub. Like Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna are exploring the world for the band members of 1940 and trying to convince Elizabeth is often beside her when she learns more than she wants to know about her adult life - including her own - and at the same time she has learned to play amazing music with the last living "Blonde Bombshells". <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, more generational fun that is really fun. The actors deliver an amazing performance. Regardless of their age, they are still a bumblebee who has a relatively large show. (The DVD is now out of the box and is worth it because of Dolby Digital bonus features and sound). Certainly as a fan of any of these amazing actors, VHS is the subject of a collector.
