Obsession comes in many flavors, and exists for various reasons; for some it can be nothing but a compulsive disorder, but for others it can be a way of survival. Lack of care, coupled with the inability to negotiate even the simplest needs of everyday life or basic social demands, can also bring the genius to enthusiastically accept what the personal comfort zone provides. And in extreme cases, the subject of this satisfaction can become a manifest obsession that drives the individual until what has begun as a means of survival becomes the very impulse of his departure, and as we have discovered in the "Luzhin Defense" directed by Marleen Gorris, a high level intelligence does not provide a satisfactory solution to this problem, and in fact it can really make the situation worse. Obsession seems to have no prejudices or preferences; Additionally, in an Italian resort in 1920, he is one of many people who gathered here at the World Chess Tournament, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) Master. Luzhin is the Game Master, but he is vulnerable to the fact that chess has long been a game for him; rather, it is his obsession that one thing discovered in childhood, which has seen him despite his infertility in seemingly all areas of life, and has allowed him to cope with the gentle loss of rights of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a genius with an achillet heel, which is a mistake he may know about just one other person, and he realizes he can be used for his personal profit at this tournament. The guy is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), a former teacher Luzhin, who after a few years of absence suddenly appeared and became known to Luzhin. Valentinov is Luzhin's uninvolved, disturbing presence, and once again life threatens to overcome him. Turati (Fabio Sartor) against whom he appeared in the previous match after fourteen hours, but also trying to solve a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman just met at Natalia (Emily Watson). And a genius, though he may be, dark clouds gather over him that he can only push Luzhin even deeper into the obsession that was saving mercy, as well as the curse, his whole life. Tell Luzhin's story, Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that very quickly led to his obsession with chess. And when its background is based, it provides insights that allow the audience to better understand who Luzhin is and how he got to this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris structures them with an appropriately dark atmosphere and a subtle sense of premonitions that bring and create the more pastoral setting of the resort. Transitions that hide the past together with the presence are carefully managed, and the tempo set by Gorris creates a hateful yet underdeveloped performance that works very well. She also underestimates the threat caused by the presence of Valentin, who focuses on drama rather than on tension, which eventually serves to strengthen the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy more believable and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The only thing that makes this movie so memorable is the powerful performance of John Turtur. To make this film work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; a fake or fake moment would be disastrous as it would instantly bring the viewer out of the story. Nothing happens and the movie works because Luzhin Turturro creates impeccably honest and true lives. He captures Luzhin's genius, as well as his shortcomings, and represents his character in an expression that is exceptionally eloquent and very real. It is a performance that equals, if not overcome, the image of Geoffrey Rush David Helfgot in "Shine". And when you compare his work with other characters he has created, from Sid Lidz in "Unstrung Heroes" to Pete in "About Brother, Where Are You?" on Al Fountain in "Box Moonlight" you realize how incredible shot Turturro is as an actor and what a remarkable artist he really is. Like Natalia, Emily Watson is also outstanding, so she is dedicated to a fairly reserved performance that makes her look and feel quite nice. Though it must be a bit obsolete to refer to Luzhin, Watson can do it introspectively, which is quite effective. Most importantly, given the details of her performance, her quick relationship with Luzhin makes her a credible and utterly credible story. Just look at Watson's eyes to know that the feelings he brings are real. It's an amazing piece of work from a talented and talented actor. Supporting cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzin's father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin's mother), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well-designed and delivered, 'Luzhin's Defense' is an emotionally fitting film that is presented with limited compassion, which creates a sense of sadness and possibly a reflection of human inhumanity to man. Of course, we do not need the film to tell us that there is cruelty in the world. but we are well stocked with cinema media when it reminds us of something we should never forget because we all have the ability to make positive changes and make a difference in the lives of people around us. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
