One of America's most famous film directors was without a doubt Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to thrilling thrillers because Kazan needed more breathing space and was slower and finer. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a top-class social thriller and is more important to him than he was in 1950 when he was released. The topics of illegal immigrants, people smuggling, immediate wounds, rapid transmissions around the world of illnesses (concerned by Richard Widmark says: "I could be in some American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.") Ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's concerns when ever. This film features an amazing film debut by Jack Palance and the wonderful performance of Barbary Bel Geddes, two genius roles. Richard Widmark can not become a psychopath once and is a deeply caring, heart-loving, powerful hero of people. In fact, he led a one-man campaign to stop the New Orleans pneumonia epidemic and try to persuade slow politicians and satisfied policemen that there was a problem. There is a race with time to find small-business scammers who have closed the plague from illegal illegal immigrants within 48 hours to the whole city and as they always remind us of the whole country are threatened by the worst thing since the flu in 1919. One amazing scene where Jack is The palace, which is infected, prevents climbing aboard the ship by an obstacle to the rope is extremely ironic and reminds us of the worst words that people can be the worst bearers and crashes of all. Highly dramatic scenes in pursuit of what they call the "coffee factory" on the seafront compete with Hitchcock's most inventive scenes, as well as a spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in a movie that has harsh realism, well, something called reality. Kazan actually takes the cameras to places where even people have rarely gone and where the rats would think twice too. This film was the main achievement of social realism. If he misses the electricity of the most charged thrillers, it's because Kazan took it so seriously he could not handle it because the end of the threat of the plague is so serious that no one scares him without the need for more weapons and balls. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the name that gives the false design of superficiality. But Kazan was nothing but shallow. This project was seen as a public duty to highlight real possibilities. If today's options are reduced, but unfortunately they are getting worse each day. One day, after a worldwide epidemic, this film can be shown to few people as an example of how the film appeared, but his lessons were forgotten.
