The little pleasure of living is to go through the old movie alley in the tenant shop and pick things just because I did not see them. It is a great pleasure to have the movie at home sometimes and find a little treasure like it is playing on my screen. Long before Elia Kazan had turned into a brand that had slipped only remarkable films (not good), this was better than the average drama. When watching this, you begin to record how many good, good or pretty scenes have accumulated. Contrast it with his later films, where the drama is a great song ... best big and awkward and scandalous. Kazan was ultimately a calculating promoter rather than a director. (no thanks) <br /> <br /> His future excesses are outlined here just for a conspiracy. Mor is coming! But here is the atypical Richard Widmark, who played in 1951 a family man and avoided most excesses of this trope; here is almost observable Barabra bel Geddes, whose bath has turned down (well, for her); they are few and they share some pretty scenes about big crises and smaller ones. Here is a professionally conducted comic interrogation with dirty ship crews; here is a beautiful moment when the chase begins in the angular warehouse and the herd of birds shoots over the head. These are the little achievements the movie can offer, in which the viewer can actually recognize life; something Hollywood, in her greed, is now avoiding studios. These are the moments that made me go to the cinema and enjoy them. It is a perfect, human-oriented film, not a grotesque, revolutionary production that he and others (David Lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in bull as diverse as the Pirates of the Caribean and the Moulin Rouge. I just watched it twice, and I would be damned if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final stages, but it does not seem to me as an audience important. It reminds me of No Way Out and Poitier noir with Widmark as a villain, so Naked City you really should get your hands on.
