Mor is replaced by femme fatale in this highly exciting noir shot in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan always gets great performances from his actors, but also shows a visual impression of claustrophobic tension with a combination of tight compositions and amazing single-frame scenes. <br /> <br /> A man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game. It turned out to be in the form of a bubonic plague, so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers, but to find and inoculate all those who came into contact. Local and health officials implement a plan of secrecy, rather than warning the community because they are afraid the perpetrators will flee the city and spread the disease. Detective and epidemiologist prematurely create an unsettling alliance when they crash on the seafront and use their contrasting investigation styles. <br /> <br /> The streets raise a huge ethical question that the public has the right to know how doctors say there have been media outages, which could pose a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the outcome, you can become a second guy about the action of the film's protagonist. Richard Widmark as Dr. Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show a brief vibration and reluctant mutual respect in the search for murderers. Barbera Bel Geddis, as Reed's wife, has several good moments with Widmark in some domestic scenarios that bring the right impression (sincere more than comic) relief from the strays of desperate search in the midst of the cruel neighborhood of New Orleans, impressively overwhelmed by cameraman Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a little time criminal is slim and convicted, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as Skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) It's just great. With non-violent intensity, Palance dominates every scene in which he encounters not only a great threat but also a disturbing charm. In addition, it displays impressive athleticism that allows for more thrilling continuity, especially in the strong allegorical moments of the film. <br /> <br /> Panic in the Streets is probably the best Kazan non-Brando movie. The tension is strained, strained and adjusted. It's an environment in setting up a local environment that gives a feeling of amplified reality that allows Kazan the flexibility to display his visual style outside of the screenplay scenario and Panic with success.
