"Panic in the Streets (1950)" owes more British noir than their US counterparts. Like Reed's "Third Man (1949)," and Dassin's Night and Town (1950), director Elia Kazan chose to film mostly on a spot capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the slums in New Orleans. In a decision borrowed from the Italian neorealism masters, he also hired many unprofessional actors for minor roles and borrowed the atmosphere of the authenticity of the urban scenery. However, any further comparison with neorealism would be wrong because "Panic in the Streets" is a pure melodrama of the best kind. The murdered illegal immigrant caught from the bay seems to have been infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly mutation of airborne bubonic airborne virus, which is transmitted from person to person and untreated, has a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), a US public health officer, convinces the controversial chief of police (Mr. Paul Douglas) that the men responsible for the murder be subjected to the whole city to avoid being infected. <br /> <br /> In the younger years I found Wolfgang Petersen 'Outbreak (1995)', which was one of the most scary films I've ever seen. That thriller who owes a lot of penis in the streets (working title: "Outbreak") scared me so efficiently because he portrayed an ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer? how to resist such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (as I know) to get closer to the subject of biological epidemics, though it has difficulty attributing visual recognition to the enemy, which is, in fact, invaluable to the human eye; instead, Jack Palance uses the plague as a human personification. Despite the fact that he drove himself out of the dirty marrow of human society, you never have the sense that Clinton Reed threatens his own life (some viewers have noticed that Reed never freed himself from the plague, though I think it's safe to assume he did it still has a strong sense of urgency in hunting killers of infected men, underground street rats that pollute sewers by their misconduct.In the Middle Ages, when Black Death (now widely believed) to be destroyed by plague animals, who killed a third of Europe's population, many called destruction for the work of the devil. Jack Palance, Blackie, acts effectively as Satan in human form: a heroic bum can sometimes be enchanting and charismatic, but is always able to explode into seizures of violence; his two fools (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through fear more than anything else, were constantly pampering at their feet. When one guy feels a fever, Blackie concludes that an immigrant cousin had to "bring something with him" (the irony of his conclusion, which was not unnoticed), and so he tries to find out what is probably a valuable item. He screams the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque demonstration of faux that is both breathtaking and disturbing. Is Blackie / Satan finally stopped? not the organs, but the burden of your own infection / evil? as he attempts to board the freighter, the primary craft that spreads across Europe.
