As the film opens, two raiders will kill another hero. When the body is discovered and is to be autopsy, the doctor realizes that even though the man was shot, he also suffered from pneumonic mortem - the very ugly and most virulent variant of the bubonic plague! So it's time to find those who have come into contact with the dead and treat them immediately, or else disaster could break out. Special, actually about Pneumonia, as I taught a series of lectures about it for my historical classes. The film did not really do a good job of getting the facts about the disease because it looked little like what the people in the movie had. The biggest problem is that this illness is so incredibly grotesque that she was really not allowed to show it in the 1950s. Sure, there is a high fever and a cough (they have the right one), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood - along with enormously swollen lymph nodes, like you get to Bubon's plague - all patiently and roughly! I'm sure I'll understand why this is not going far. I'm also sure that the federal government would be much more involved in the control and treatment of the illness - it was solved at a very local level in the film, and they all looked ill-prepared and a little stupid. No one was willing to believe the doctors! As for acting, the film had several outstanding actors. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are the appropriate physicians and chief of police. Good actors, but also well-known actors in 1950. In his first film, however, Jack Palance (still his original moniker, Walter Jack Palance), as well as the relatively unknown Zero Mostel (at that time), is very threatening. Palance was great - very scary and very physically proficient in his own stunts. Mostel played heavy typical of his early work - a greedy and cowardly kind of evil. <br /> <br /> Overall, despite the lack of detail, everything is packed a little too neatly, the film is very tense and has excellent acting - and it's worth seeing.
