I wonder what the viewers of that day thought when they first laid eyes on Walter Jack Palance (Blackie). Certainly he does not look like no one else, the skull like a face, a flattened nose, and a prolonged body - still remains a disturbing presence. And what might be more appropriate than his resurrection from the gruesome New Orleans slums that seem to be disguised as a Blackie epidemic that loses the city. I'm just sorry he did not have more scenes. Is the film itself very skillfully assembled? black humor in morality, Widmark-Douglas interplay, non-touristic places, battles among officials, all are drawn into a thrilling, realistic thriller with a threat that is unlike other times. Even the domestic scenes that Widmark put a woman (Bel Geddes) on the shooting range do not get too distracting. Director Kazan surely shows that he is able to support the studio (Fox), no matter how he might feel it was a commercial aspect. Widmark does a solid low-cost job as a public health officer. But my money is at a single Zero Mostel. There was an artist who could scream with a louder voice or get to him more than the bulky soldier (eg The Enforcer, 1950). This scene with the Bridge, where Palance feels with Mostel's cruel wife (Liswood), is the jewel of a frantic submissive as Mostel tries to calm down everyone like a berserk pinball. It's a shame he lost so many years on a black list. (I wonder if it's the candidate who named it.) But it's not just the professionals who add color. Local residents add both character and authenticity, especially two Asian boys interviewing police officers. This whole scene has improvised air, as if Kazan recognized his potential and made a small scene on the spot. Also the colorful rental of the hall with all the decks of the hands is pure inspiration. And what about the crazy cafes that take me to the nearest Denny. But the film is still a well-presented, unobtrusive thriller with apocalyptic air that strangely shows off many of today's mega-hits.
