"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan achieved a great sense of realism by making a film in New Orleans and using a number of local people to fulfill different roles and intelligent use of improvisation. The result is that characters and dialogue seem very natural and believable. The important deadline that must be met to prevent disaster provides a story with a great sense of urgency and the tempo and the problems that postpone the need to take action then raise the tension to a high level. > <br /> After a dispute between the players of the card game, a man called Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown into the dock. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of the virus, the US Public Health Officer Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called and examines the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of a dead person must be immediately inoculated, because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such an action one could infect expecting to perish within a few days. dead person is unknown, it is expected that the search for contacts will be difficult and this situation has not helped when the city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by Reed's briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as it claims to be, and their initial lack of determination is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent immediate action being taken. The following investigation prevents a lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of sailors, the owner of the restaurant, and some illegal immigrants before human identity, and its contacts are eventually found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raym Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and when the gang leader Blackie detects ongoing police investigations, he assumes that Kochak you must have "smuggled something of great value to the country.As Kochak and Poldi were relatives, Blackie assumes that Poldi has to know something about it and learns more, but Poldi is very ill and unable to provide any information. Blackie brings his doctor and, together with Fitch, starts Poldi out of his room and down the stairs and that's when they meet Reed and the exciting pursuit follows. Richard Widmark gives strong performance as a poorly paid public official who effectively cope with difficult duties of his work and at the same time he deals with domestic interests as a family man. In an extraordinary kind of role, convincingly portrays the decisive and serious character of Dr. Reed, whose film debut Jack Palance sees him as an impressive performance as a ruthless thief who mistakenly judges Kochak's reason for leaving the card game, as well as a reason for intensive police investigations. Its distinctive appearance also helps make it more appealing on the screen. <br /> <br /> In a typical docu-noir format, Expressionist cinematography and neo-realistic influences use tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan manages precisely but also excels in the unforgettable tracking of chase in the warehouse and the dock.
