The doctor and policeman in New Orleans only have 48 hours to find a killer of infected pneumonic plague. Effective and elegant little thriller, which director Elia Kazan combines documentary realism with a race against pulse heart beat. Meeting and filming in New Orleans and around Panic In The Streets is taken from the story Quarantine, Some Like 'em Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won the Oscar as an original story. It also boasts subtle cast casts that provide top performances for their director. On the other hand, Richard Widmark (introducing the method a year before Marlon made for Kazan in Streetcar Named Desire), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (like Walter Jack Palance), and the so-called Zero Mostel, all start to be thrilled when the pursuers persecute is trying to stop the onset of a potential Black Death epidemic. Where the film records its main moments of tension, it is with Kazan's terrible ability to reduce protagonists without changing the flow and mood of the work. From a Public Health doctor at Widmark with a hypodermic needle in his hand running around and trying to find the bad guys to do good; to the very bad guys who are amazed why such a great hunting is for them; the voltage is composed of a point of rupture. Which, in the last thirty minutes, will be grateful for the cinema to crack. With Palance, he is a nasty villain, who ironically reminds his own Widmer Tommy Uda of Kiss Of Death three years ago. It's an imaginative and intelligently written tale that skillfully links rats and criminals to be a carrier of disease. Pain in society as such. These are noir elements such as paranoia that are great for their basic procedural thriller. While some unforgettable scenes are appropriately covered by the suffocating atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the first psychological threats are threatening the film will run a tally show, it's definitely a movie that's worth it to stay to the end. It's not the necessary films - noir, and maybe even the key Kazan music, but certainly a highly recommended film that begs the discovery of a new generation of movie lovers and is re-evaluated by an old guard who may have missed her the day. 7.5 / 10
