Elia Kazan, one of the best theater directors ever seen in the country, has shown that it is just like home movies. With panic in the streets, Mr. Kazan gives us an early version of what comes later, perhaps with his masterpiece "On the Waterfront", although both films share only water settings because they are different visions of different subjects. <br /> <br /> Kazan fired at a place in New Orleans. The adaptation of Daniel Fuchs of Edna and Edward Anhalt's stories that are the basis of the film is remarkable in bringing us to places that no tourist dared to see when visiting The Big Easy. One of the great benefits of this film is the beautiful black and white cinematography of Joseph MacDonald, which shows New Orleans at its best. Also, Alfred Newman's music and Billie Holiday song make a pleasant touch. This movie could have been filmed in New York City or another northern city because it features characters that speak more like "broklynnes" than maybe a southern accent one could hear in this part of the country. One thing is clear in the movie, Jack Palance, making his debut on screen, the smolders of the screen every time one sees him. It was so intense! At the same time, this tough guy shows that his face is inclined when it is seen that his ill partner who is unknown is exposed to a fatal illness. Blackie, soothes the man as he brushes his sweaty face and runs his hands through the greasy hair of a dying man with abandonment. It is also noteworthy that Mr. Palance and Mr. Mostel appear to be doing their own bits, which is something refreshing because both actors seem to be real. The film also features a normal page with a Reed family at the beginning of the film. We see a family man who is painting his little son. Later he and his wife discuss how they seem unable to meet their pay, which is a lot of families they have to deal with daily. Richard Widmark, playing a normal person, is not as effective as when this actor plays more cunning and more intense people. Barbara Bel Geddes, as a woman, sounded like she was from the outskirts of Connecticut. <br /> <br /> The film is pleasant thanks to Mr. Kazan's leadership and excellent cast in the film.
