When the toughness appears with a pneumonic mortem (a variant of a bubonic infection), the US Public Health Officer, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) instantly harasses anyone he knows is close to the body. Unfortunately, this scholarship was murdered and there is a good chance the killer will spread the plague, leading to an epidemic. Join police captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas), who intends to trace the killer as soon as possible and prevent a possible disaster. <br /> <br /> While Panic in the Streets is a high quality movie, he suffers from being slightly out of focus and a little too big (my reason why I scored eight). He lives genres from the Noir Gangster to medical disaster, police trial, thriller and even romance. It's not the best job of director Elie Kazan, but he says it's a little rude. Kazan is the leader responsible for such masterpieces as Streetcar Named Desire (1951), Na nábreží (1954) and East of Eden (1955). This film precedes these, but Kazan said he was already "atethered" in the studio. It seems that this freedom too far may partially represent enlargement. The film is located in New Orleans, a city where Kazan "wandered ... night and day, so I knew it well". He wanted to use the environment. "It's so amazing and colorful, I wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz joints - all in New Orleans." Kazan can handle every genre of panic on the streets well, but they can be connected better. The film would benefit by staying with only one or two moods. Enhancement in terms of setting would still work. Part of the dilemma was due to the fact that Panic in the Streets was an attempt to merge the two stories of writers Edna and Edward Anhalt, "Quarantine" and "Some Like 'Em Cold". <br /> <br /> Gangster's material, ending firmly on a thriller with an extended pursued scene near the end of the movie, is probably the pinnacle. No wonder Kazan says he believes the villains are "more colorful - I have never had much love for good guys. I do not like purists." Close up is the only material approaching the "panic" of the title - the discovery of the plague and attempts to trace, inoculate and protect it. While there is plenty of tension in these two "moods," a lot of the film is also a relatively straight track that moves more typically in this genre. Dialogue around the world is excellent. The stylish difference between many modern movies could be hardly more pronounced. He is smart, fast and well explains every character. Conflict is not a "stupid" decision, but intelligent movements; actions and character characters are more like a chess game. Unusual attitudes, such as Reed, who holds the plague from newspapers, give a relatively lengthy rationale for their decisions that other characters will face. In light of this, it is interesting that Kazan believed "Justice, religion, ethics, and middle class are all murdering us." This idea gets into the movie through the changes in the standard or the deviations that the protagonists did. For example, the main gangster Blackie (Jack Palance in his first film role) is offered a "Get Out of Jail Free" card if he collaborates with the fight against the epidemic. The technical aspects of the film are fine, if nothing special but the real reasons to watch are a performance, an interesting script, and a well-written dialogue.
