Panic In The Streets opens in a high noir style, viewing a dark street, followed by a camera sloping up to the window behind a dirty card game - an opening flourish that, along with some local shooting, anticipates some of the Welles atmosphere brought ten years later in Touch of Evil. One of the players opens the window; it is a good action that serves as an introduction to events inside and literally opens our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Shooted in high contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets benefits extraordinarily from the strong cast and some fine location in New Orleans. Scenes placed in places such as a mortuary, a crowded ship's office, or a Frank's Place peeling paint offer a unique, sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that can not be recreated in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's pioneering naked city two years ago, which created a harsh almost documentary style during the New Cycle. In fact, Widmart's previous role in Dassin's even more gentle Night And The City, which was even more of a growing panic. Joe MacDonald, a popular director, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Pinky's Paz and Viva Zapata! And he continued in Widmark again three years later in Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. As others have noticed, in a way typical of some noir films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between confusion, illness and immorality of the streets with a mild, peaceful domestic life of reed. While in the Lang's The Big Heat (1953) the hero's home life is destroyed by the elements of the game that surrounds the central character - and eventually sends him back to work with increased alertness and a sense of revenge - Panic In The Street puts Reed's exciting anxiety within the boundaries, what does next business day. In spite of all the dangers, he will eventually return to his family's family, justified and content. The result is the restoration of social equilibrium, at least for the time being, with its professionalism and healing abilities. Of course, this imbalance was created by crime and illness. Both are closely linked in this film. It reminds one of the words of the much tougher Cobra (1986), where "Crime is a disease, Find a Cure," which is a pure analogy in the context if a person who is too uncomfortable calls for social reduction. At its peak, when Blackie tries to escape aboard, the visuals specifically refer to rats as crimes that pose a threat to society's health. How (probably infected) Blackie walks past the left rooms and docks with her friends, looking for something suspicious of everyone being, after, without knowing exactly what it is, the "plague" and "Blackie" resonate together with the audience , adding other related associations. Ironically, Blackie's sadness about Poldi's unhappy cousin that "something he brought" is right - though ultimately nothing he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally be bothered by the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant is right, and its confusion is understandable. Doctor Reed, though at home and on the side of society, is a real noir hero. From the point of view of the genre, he is known as the main hero of a person walking alone, forced to travel outside the limits of the law. Reed is forced to take morality in his own hands for society as a whole - the dimension of the film that is particularly suited to the controversial personal history of director Kazan. The director testified to the shameful HUAC, on behalf of the suspected Communists and fellow travelers. His film describes suspects who are expelled for questioning and manipulation of the press, on the grounds that superior public goods justify the means. These actions may reflect the views of the director at that time, probably the adoption of McCarthyite's witch chase and the suppression of civil rights, which meant it in light of the supposed communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and the reaction of the state, the problems that appear in the film are tremendously modern. <br /> <br /> The striking scenes in the film include a remarkable scene where Blackie calculated Poldi's dying on the exact nature of his cousin's assumed contraband. As a cat, Blackie runs down the room, eventually takes the sick bed convicted and holds Poldi's feverish head in his hands - a conspicuous, evil cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. The actors seem to have done many or all of their own pieces, which leads to the emergence of other dramatic scenes at the end, because the police and health authorities are approaching the dares under the harbor. Half-swim and half-scratching over the slippery beams at the edge of the pool must be very uncomfortable for Palance, but it's a sequence that greatly contributes to the immediacy of everything. <br /> <br /> Sometimes less persuasive elements have scattered the viewer. Dr. Reed appears to be left in the fight against a possible state emergency rescue. Perhaps, as surprisingly, it never frees itself - calling for a dramatic turn that never gets embedded. Also at the end of the film, the potential epidemic was stopped, all the contacts were placed somewhat neatly. But these weaknesses are more than balanced by other film satisfaction, which still brings compulsive and relevant observations.
