It is a difficult film for the classification of "10 items or less". Generally, I do not like defining genres, but there's something about this movie that will make you put it in a category so you can send your feelings in one word. I recommend this movie to everyone, and if you really enjoy cinema and if you like life, you'll want to do the same thing as you watch it. <br /> <br /> I recommend this movie and I call it beautiful and beautiful, admitting that it is not perfect, but it does nothing wrong. I do not want to sound like I'm against myself, but I think the writer / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what he had done when he wrote this inspirational script. I'm sure he wants to achieve a product that has nothing to do with perfection: a product that would be as simple, attractive, and uncompromising as its name. Well, he did it. Silberling, the director of lengthy, complicated dramatic films such as "The City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile," proves to be "10 or less", which closes in just 70 minutes, the passion for his work and the faith he has in him. To put an actress (Morgan Freeman) in front of a woman (Paz Vega) in a grocery store and take them to the places where their normal life is taken is what Silberling suggests. <br /> <br /> I can not tell you more because in obvious simplicity lies a thought provoking background that should not be underestimated. Because everyone is exposed: the camera focuses directly on the two main characters who share an infinite conversation while driving with stops that are not endless, because life is life. And let me express how much Silberling praises the situation by saying that it will achieve in less time (not only during the duration of the film but on the one day the film develops its events) and in a smaller place, the connection between the two characters that created by Sofia Coppola in a "lost translation". The film, which was located in Tokyo, also met an actor and a woman, and also had talks about the moments in which their lives lived. It's in conversations where we feel the provocative quality of "10 items or less" and, like in Coppola, the nature of each situation will never be lost and pictures with all the music and no words appear to be forced or included in the "buy time" picture. <br /> <br /> In this aspect, Silberling and his director collaborate with Phedon Papamichael. The man who shot the beautiful landscapes in "Sideways" and focused on all the emotions in "Patch Adams" enjoys the visual arcades of true natural beauty. <br /> <br /> But the perfect beauty "10 items or less" you find in your cast (Avy Kaufman), in two protagonists. They are those who carry this feeling, which I mentioned at the beginning, and I can not specify; we feel their connection and we can say they have fun and they can even improvise things. Oscar winner Morgan Freeman, the film's executive producer, is just standing and confirming his current state of play in the film industry and one that is well deserved: a quiet man full of wisdom that can easily cause you to scream to make you laugh. And beautiful Paz Vega (well, I said she was great in "Spanglish")? Here it proves that this is a real deal, and Hollywood is not a small one for her.
