Bravo! Morgan Freeman is an actor who examines the character he chose to play before committing. Freeman is "suitable" for the movie (just like he was for "Driving Miss Daisy"), and he's not only believable, but he has the chance to change his character playing character with distinct dignity and decency. Although there are no guarantees in life, it gives someone a great opportunity to play different or unique characters that stand out to avoid stereotypes. And it has to be said that the stereotype embodied or completely destroyed a considerable number of acting a career. This is a low-budget movie that was surprisingly created in the time span of just two weeks. It is a film that is well managed and written by Brad Silberling. The local manager has chosen Carson, CA to set the movie's tone and schedule. The cut is good but a little rough. Silberling was a "subcontractor" when Freeman received this film while the actor was among the film projects. Freeman and Paz Vega, a Spanish actress, have a good chemistry that opens an effective dialogue between every member of the cast that is diverse and comes from different cultures. The film also promotes understanding between people who speak not only two languages ​​(English and Spanish) but come from two different worlds of ethnicity, race, gender, norms, morals, beliefs, folk paths, principles and values. The film strives for honesty and comes to some truth to preserve the integrity of the film. Part of the comedy is that Freeman plays an unemployed actor who has not had a job for four years. In fact, Freeman is almost as demanded as an actor who is constantly working. The film offers adventures of joining, caring, sharing, exchanging and exchanging. And the outputs of the film provide the viewer with some insights into some of the things the player has to convey while preparing for the role. <br /> <br /> If necessary, tell your boss that you are taking "a day of mental health" and look at this movie. If you are able, take your important second or your family with you. I know movie 10 of 10. It's nice, interesting, informative, tangible and useful.
