Knowing when to end the movie is as important as casting, directing and playing. And it's nice to see when the manager / script did it right. While watching in just 82 minutes, 10 TIPS or LESS does not trace the story and tries to grab unpleasant themes. It focuses on being funny, sad and well thought out. Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars as "Him," an aging actor grappling for each role he is presenting to him. We are acquainted with "him" when he travels to the supermarket in the endless part of The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, Kid pushes him to talk about his absence in the cinema for the past few years. He is not too close to him, because not only is he outside, but he is also on his way to filming an Indian movie in which he could play ("I've decided if I'm going to come."). Kid is related to the director involved in this Indian business and soon falls into the middle of nowheresville. Stuck, he decides to look at the local market. Immediately he encounters the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), which runs 10 items or less. Not only noticeably pretty but intelligent, she will start using her as her principal investigator for her upcoming independent film role. They learn how to quickly figure numbers and why they know the tyrants of each member of this isolated community. But he just does not use Scarlet to help her look deeper into her life. On her way together to get the car back from a cheating spouse, she learns how to act to get the new job she's been looking at and how to dress for success, even when confronted with Targe as an example of local clothing. This is probably one of the most fun moments when we looked at him and showed his complete lack of understanding of the business chain ("These shirts are only $ 12! How is it possible?!") The end, as stated at the beginning of this review, is sudden but severe. There is no way for these two to remain friends, even though they are a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye to what each of them has chosen. It's a silent but boring moment when Scarlet's horn car is idling before its L.A. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production that will lose little time. And it will not even waste your time.
