If anyone told me that the director of Lemon Snicket's series of unfortunate events, the City of Angels and Caspers would do a clean, low budget indie film and that it would be really good, I would say that the person must be pissed off. But this was done by director Brad Siberling. And it was really good. "" 10 items or less "has a similar mood on movies like" before sunrise "," lost in translation "or" multiple times "once. "This is a random meeting of two people who would not do it there, probably never crossing the road, or if they did, they would not tell each other. Just like the movies," 10 items or less "focuses on the relationship that and the characters are mutually comprehending and building on strengths and weaknesses The story includes Morgan Freeman, not mentioned an actor who examines his role as a grocery salesman for the upcoming independent film and for things beyond his control ends up spending a day with a lady in 10 or less tracks played by Paz Vega, who has a spoiled marriage and hopes to land on a new job as a secretary, initially Freeman's character needs a home elevator, and after spending her time she wants to know her and maybe even Brad Siberling builds the characters almost exclusively through exchanges between Freeman and Vega. setting for these two characters, which affect each other for most of the 80 minutes of the movie. Freeman has fun with his character because he appears as an outsider in a lower-class world in which Vega's character lives, Scarlett. Vega, meanwhile, is growing up over a stubborn treasury that is upset by her life situation and is trying to move on. There are a few things in this movie. First, Siberling may have taken notice of an independent cinema to make sure the relationship is sincere and does not fall into any trap in Hollywood. It is a very mutual friendship that is convincing throughout the film. It works, even though the situation itself seems a bit incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> I'm also impressed by the performance. While Freeman's presence gives this film credibility from get-go, he shows a certain amount of spell and fun he usually does not see from him. In the meantime, Paz Vega is preparing for a breakthrough in American film sometime in the future. I loved her in Spanglish and is as good as the hard, non-senseless Scarlet. At the end of the film, she will successfully reveal the growth of her character. I look forward to seeing her in more movies. A total of 10 items work less as a character composition, well written and directed by Brad Siberling. He did not make many songs, and his feature film was mostly composed of large Hollywood films. Still, there is an artist working here, and I would like to see if he returns again.
