In just seventy-two minutes, this little, overlooked 2006 drama is really just a two-layered drawing, but one that works very well within its limits. Such a story, which takes place in almost different places not described in South Los Angeles, is in itself insignificant, but as "lost in translation" in Sofia Coppola, the film is much more about two unknowns who meet unexpectedly, back to of their lives enlightened for a major meeting. It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play characters. Finally freed from wise sages and authoritative personalities who have become his specialty on the big screen, Freeman appears to be rather liberated as a somewhat self-sufficient film star. His character is led to a low-rent business in Carson, where he will be able to explore the role he is considering in Indian film. <br /> <br /> After a few years at work, he is embarrassed to see the DVD of his films in a basket, but his ego is such that he lacks distrust of watching and even imitates the deteriorated business staff. A special fascination for him is Scarlet, a grieving laborer from Spain and pushed into an express line where he is an unsatisfactory model of efficiency. He has an interview for the secretarial work of a construction firm, but it seems that her deeply rooted uncertainty is likely to beat her chances. Still looking like Penelope Cruz's Amazonian sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of James Brooks, inherited "Spanglish") brings Scarlet's fury and realistic vulnerability. She and Freeman play very well throughout the story, which includes stops not only in the grocery store, but also at Target, Arby and full-car washing cars. Nothing happens until nothing shows how the two people realize how resonant the intersection of random encounters. Silberling keeps the action simple, but production also reflects professional craftwork in live cinematography by Phedon Papamichael (he stuck Alexander Payne "Sideways") and the infectious score of the Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's early husband) and Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman as well as funny bits with John Knight (Knocked Up) as a helpless driver and Jim Parsons ("The Knight" in the Garden State) as a worshiper receptionist. DVD in 2007 is overcrowded with add-ons, including filming a documentary film "15 Days or Less", focusing on film students and marathon running 103 minutes; six extended scenes; a light but gratifying three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman, and Vega in the middle of Target; and a few snippets that advertise DVDs separately.
