I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "Redemption Shawshank" stands at the top of all your favorite movies. But I have to admit that I often thought about choosing my role. So many of his titles were large budget clichés without a heart. "10 points or less" meant for me the return of Freeman to a role that really shows his considerable talent. Freeman plays an unnamed, formerly great time Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. He was offered a part in an unspecified Indian film for which he is doing research at a grocery store in the LA neighborhood. After his breakaway rider was stranded, Freeman is offered a house ride at the cash desk of Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he has half-board. Before he can take him home, Scarlet has a big job interview he needs, and Freeman agrees to be exchanged for a ride. The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several places, but the film is really just a character character of the interactions between the two. Freeman is a typical detached Hollywood guy who has not heard of Target, and he does not even know his own phone number nor the day he's in the week. He avoided the wisdom of the film Dalai Lama filtered through his "world is just a stage" mentality, and repeatedly calling Scarlet's job interview "bankruptcy." Yet he has a way with people, a way to influence them that goes beyond his glory. He is a fan of humanity. He is studying them, asking for constant questions about them, and enjoying themselves in their dialects, where others will simply be poisoned. In Scarlet, he sees a stubborn, proud loner that he is; sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, on her part, displays a wild pride and sharp tongue that serves to hide her own uncertainties around her. Vega plays a part with Freeman's connection, which swings the line between almost daughter's love and physical attraction, although she plays it beautifully, and it's not scary as it sounds. But even though she feels that her association with Freeman is growing, Scarlet has a sharp eye for the reality of her different worlds and cuts through Freeman's hollywood bull * struck by a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but truth. <br /> <br /> The film is smart, fun and well written, with a dialogue that is simple but effective. I read one IMDb review that said the lines were "compressed," which in my view is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There are no big soliloquies, no deep souls are looking for moments. And so the trick, in my opinion, is to show how people in a normal, everyday life can bind together. And I think Freeman and Vega pull it off nicely, painting a picture of the bond between two people that shines like the sun on the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after it is gone, it lives in your memories, and tantalizes you what it could have been. OK, it was a bit of a flower, but I really enjoyed the show and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
