Diego Armando Maradona was at the age of sixteen in 1978, when Argentina won the home world championship. He was the biggest star and the biggest player in the country possessed by football. Everyone asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play the boy's genius, but the manager thought he was not ready yet. History records that Argentina won the World Cup in 1978 quite convincingly - in fact, they did not need Maradona. The same was not true in 1982. Spain was a disaster for Argentina. Menotti - still smoking in the chain - played Diego this time, but the opportunity was too big for such temperamental boys. Maradona signed for Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for about $ 7 million - nine days later he played his first game at Camp Nou and Belgium defeated Argentina unilaterally. It was not a good debut, and despite the fact that in another match twice against Hungary, Maradona will remember Mundial as the place of its nadira - a crude, cunning foul at Batista, Bata in the second round, which suddenly ended its tournament and the Argentine government as world champion. But now it was all behind him. Maradona turned to Barca and in 1984 she left for Naples. Like he was at home at last. The Napolean typhus did everything to attract Maradona to the poor, tireless Napoli. Gifts from old women and pocket money from young boys that were uncomfortably dodged by millions of Camorra as part of the transfer fee, and the city was decided to feel at home. So at least for now, Maradona El Rey - brought his Argentine side to Mexico as one of the favorites and a new manager - Carlos Bilardo replaced Menotti. <br /> <br /> Maradona is the hero of this story, one-man World Cup winning machine. In 1982, hundreds of young men died in the ruthless battle of the Falkland Islands; now the British press has been battling for the rematch (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona was still recognized in England, reminding her of a great performance in Britain during a tour in 1980 than in Spain. But he was still Argie: the enemy. England really started well and Lineker could score in just twelve minutes. A key event happened in 8 minutes. Fenwick, the great and limited English defender, was proclaimed - he was scared now that there was a problem. <br /> <br /> After a full first 45 minutes, the other half started a punishment. Maradona gives a penalty 50 minutes into the match, but the referee can not miss it. Similarly, the attempt of Valdan hit only white shirts. Then a moment of shame that serves as Diego's epitaph. Hodge bizarrely kicked the ball back into his own penalty area, Shilton hurried to claim - but there was Maradona, somehow rising above the English goaltender to push the ball into the net. How did he do that? Simple: Handball. <br /> <br /> The most famous foul in soccer history has been in slow motion. Every spectator waited for Syria Al-Sharif to throw the foul (did not). Shilton looked and appealed to the line - ran back to the center of the circle. If he does not kill the Pope or become the first person to retreat to Mars when that great person dies, this moment will first be shown - a long, persistent, slow movement followed by the look of joy on his face. Another shot will be his next gift to the world - the best goal of the World Cup. <br /> <br /> Burruchaga stroked the ball to Maradona, who moved to the right of his own half. He developed and accelerated from Beardsley and Reid. That was a real Diego - Butcher ran and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick had the opportunity to stop the attack. Under normal circumstances, he would focus on the shoe somewhere near Maradon's thigh - surely he would take a red card, but who cares? Then Fenwick had a brain wave - hesitated, and decided to run at Maradona, waving his hands - perhaps trying to take him away? Diego burst into the box when Fenwick fell. The butcher ran along the genius, as if offering him a lift. Shilton straightened his panic and Maradon turned around and ready. Now Butcher remembered his role and tried to cripple Argentina - instead of giving another impulse to the shot that hit the goal. England was approaching home. During this magical Mexican summers, the world found the successor to Pele. In fact, the biggest player ever was overcome - Pele was great in 1958 and 1970 but had great players around him. Maradona did not do it. 1986 was his World Cup.
