This film is for all people who like football as art. As soon as it strikes about this film about the football world championship, it's the way it is filmed. In addition to watching the game as a TV broadcast, a generous shot is dedicated to tracking individual players in games. This brings the emotions and situations that these men go through when they try to achieve glory. Today's television style, which is so different from 1986, is even lower than this one. <br /> <br /> Players are not the only stars. Audiences, referees, journalists covering games and the environment themselves play a central role in the development of what history is today. In this movie you can see how all these factors play very clearly. This style of TV has not yet reached this level of quality, although it is now much closer than before. There are several highlights: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark)), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague o (Spain), Socrates Sanchez (Mexico). there is no collection of Mexico's best football moves in 1986, although most of them are well covered. Throughout the film, stress is presented to several aspects of the game and the competition itself, based on the progress of these players and teams, even at the cost of skipping relevant games from the games themselves. That's what makes this movie so interesting and unique. Considering what happened due to the 1986 Mexican judges, much of the commentary on this film and the World Cup is extremely interested in Maradona. Most of these comments do not take into account the fact that there are referees and two players who are as human as the players and that all of the above causes mistakes one or the other. Football rules do not allow arbitrators to use TV recordings to make decisions, so most referees have to decide what they perceive. As a result, judges play an active role in the development of the game. Their influence can be seen in several parts of this film. The ongoing film for the 1990 World Cup, compared to this, is only a source of bitter disappointment. Much of this comes from the fact that he has become too involved in the game while this film tells things from a more distant and unbiased perspective.
