Lensman people do not seem to give enough credit where they are paid. Several problems have been overlooked, which are key to understanding Lensman's experience. Year: For the year when it was made in 1984, Lensman represents some of the most stunning effects I've ever seen. As a person who follows much of the 80's animation, Lensman is unique in that it is what appears to be computer-generated snapshots when computers were extremely primitive. Kim's struggle against geometric milling in a laser maze can be considered a great example. Every time I look, I have to repeat repeatedly that it was in 1984 when it was made. Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the worst soundtracks I've heard, and this mad hysterical beat permeates every corner of the movie. Lensman hardly borrowed two Western mistakes, and he managed to do a bit of the first - the necessity to fill every second of silence in the movie with the music and the need for the heroine. While the music is well tuned and galvanized by scenes such as the motorcycle battle at Radionx's Thionite Factory, the heroin theme failed because of the totally annoying value of Chris. It is interesting to note that constant music thwarted my attempts to remove noise when I archived the lens through an analog tape into a digital format - because there was no single silence that could be used as a reference point. Western influences: Helmut - sounds like a "helmet" and has roughly the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as Princess SW and her name sounds suspicious like Marissa Fairborn of Transformers. It takes on the role of Han Solos by flying the ship and having some technical knowledge. Buzzkirk - a certain improvement on Chewbak. Lens - A nice, concrete copy of power that appears less like the chance to preach Christianity to the audience than in the original SW. While power relied on faith much more than concentration, the lens is a purely concentration tool. Theoretically, one could control the lens. The lens is much more limited than the power that is purely defensive / offensive. Technology: Boskone alliances have interesting mushroom fungus. They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white. The idea of ​​a DNA weapon was nice if it developed only. The Galactic Alliance looked like Starblazers (or whatever it was called - the 60th Series where they fought with the Xylons). For me, there was not enough battle for the ship - that's much better in the second film Lensman. Finally, a note about Worzel. This character is a unique and very interesting character, which fortunately continues into the second film. <br /> <br />
