Barbra Streisand's debut TV specialty is still the pinnacle of entertainment history - in any medium. Cleverly divided into three separate actions (to minimize breaks in commercial breaks), Streisand has made a daring and yet masterful decision to drop from a typical variety of time (that is why there are no stars or forced doubts) and carry the entire show on her shoulders. The risk movement has been redeemed tremendously because MY NAME IS BARBRA has set a new standard for music programming on TV. <br /> <br /> Shoot in brilliant black and white (which in fact improves the performance of the show), MY NAME IS THE BARBRA is flawlessly and impressively shot. However, what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand herself. Watching the then 23-year-old artist moves after 55 minutes of running in the show, is nothing less than exciting. It's a fantastic voice (and even fulfills the first and third acts live) and gives the first proof of the huge starry power that will soon follow on the big screen. <br /> <br /> It's courage to allow Streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great songs. After the powerful opening of "Much More" (with a short introduction from "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra continues to walk through a multi-level studio set that runs the frantic Disney classic "I'm Late." Among the versions of "I'm late", Streisand stops at different levels of the band to sing some amazing numbers like "Make Believe" and thunderous "How Does the Wine Taste?" In the middle of the law, Barbra re-enters his own childhood into "Kid Again," and then releases a highly energetic performance of "I'm Five" and "The Sweet Zoo," while trying to think between an oversized set. This illusion is eventually destroyed because Streisand finds itself out of fantasy and back in the real world. Then she sings about this lost childish innocence in the beautiful "Where's the wonder?" Streisand then sets off on the platform stage surrounded by the whole room - full of musicians and performing an exciting rendition of "People" in front of the stormy applause of a living studio audience. <br /> <br /> Special Law II begins with Streisand, who listened to the student audience with the "I Got the Blues" campaign, before I got a comedic monologue about "Pearl of Istanbul." Streisand then leaves for Bergdorf Goodman to let him sing crazy songs while walking around some of the elegant shops. This segment is the brightest peak special for many fans and critics. Some highlights of Act II include Streisand singing limited versions of "Second Hand Rose" to the audience, appearing as a Latin bull fighter in the song "No one knows you when you're down and out" and portraying a frustrated paperboy while exaggerating "Brother, you can save your dime. " The third act of the special is a direct concert, without sets or concepts. Streisand is an artist who is really performing on the concert scene, and this segment is the most exciting special moment. Streisand enters the memories of the almost-gravitational rendition of "When the Sun Comes Out," and continues to surprise the audience with the beautiful version of THE YEARLING "Why I Chose You", a burnt performance of "Lover Come Back to Me," and a cheerful mix of three songs consists of FUNNY GIRL. Streisand, however, really overcame the phenomenal release of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday's "My Man", which immediately became one of the singer's favorite songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand plays his immortal ballad version of Happy Days Are Here Again as the final credits that appear on the left side of the screen. The iconic completion of the number confirms to the viewer that he really saw something really strange. MY NAME BARBRA was a huge triumph at the first show, and eventually won five Emmy Awards, except that two Top-Five, Gold-selling soundtrack albums were reproduced. You're watching it again, it's no surprise.
