In 1964, Barbra Streisand was still curious and probably raised more than just a few eyebrows when CBS signed her with a $ 10 million ten-year television program (nothing nowadays). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they got it. She had this special film filmed her way and, for the most part, her vision was clever, bitter and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (not specially written for it), Streisand races through the classic cast of songs associated with "I'm late" (from "Alice in the Wonderland" - even holding in a row about fuzzy ears and beards and "too much shaving time "!); it's a totally charming, if not a bizarre choice - and enjoy it because it did not make two albums with sound recordings. She slows down for "Make Believe" (which may perhaps be too slow), but the dramatic "How to Taste the Wine?" he is amazing. "Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand looking tiny on a huge chair - that's where Lily Tomlin got an idea?), Like "Sweet Zoo". "I'm Alligator - Crocodile? Alligator!" "Where is Wonder" is very cool and elegant and her "People", surrounded by an orchestra that is going to be at the end of the song, is stunning. The second law is set in Goodman's Bergdof, New York, where Streisand acts as a cocktail in a lofty fashion (when he's bouncing on a whisk, the audience is watching the tape). Act III, before the studio audience (composed of dedicated fans of fans) begins with the executive version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand is actually breathing dramatically close), followed by "Why Did I Choose You?" (probably her oldest song), too fast "lover, come back to me" (where it is eventually drowned by the orchestra) and "Funny Girl". The final, "Happy Days Are Here Again," which supposedly took 12 shots, closes the hour amazingly. Sponsored by Chemstrand (fiber company!), This black and white gem is fast moving, with jazz assemblies, amazing cinematography, kicky sets and costumes. They really do not have to do it anymore - and that's what special and La Streisand's are.
