I could not help, but I felt it might be a bigger movie than it was. The script is very intelligent and seemed to be open in a way that more reminds Seven. Not by changing the story - I think primarily through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found myself holding a movie. On the other hand, stimulation was absolutely in place. Whoever worked on edits really did his job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job in charge. Now away from technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie has thrown me behind the loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! All the time I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and then, when Adam finally took the FBI agent to Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried, and to find out who he was, I got a loophole. I supposed the first part of the procedure, but what really threw me was when he touched the agent and saw that the agent murdered his mother and the fact that an agent (without any words spoken by simply touching) saw it again with Adam asking him, how he knew it. My dilemma was not that it would be another twist, but almost incomprehensible notion that this man and his father were not fools, but in reality they were choosing "bad guys" to talk about knowing their sins and crimes. I do not close my eyes, so I did not leave a movie that could believe they were doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that my father had left one day from his deep end, and through the things he had exposed to his sons was also constantly disturbed. That was my interpretation, but the horror thing about the movie is that it's like a house of cards and an endless circle, and what is the right interpretation of the disturbing events that you've been sitting on. It's definitely one of those films where I would like to meet a writer so I can ask him what real meaning is all about. Were they crazy and psychotic? Was they simply telepathic and licensed for that? Or did they have a look from God? And if so, it was God or the devil hiding like God. My friends and I talked about it all and trying to find out what it was and what the filmmakers thought were the answer when they made the film. Definitely confused and thought-provoking film with some very disturbing but certainly not sensational elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely your own thing. The great directorial work and acting Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton were exceptionally good. I hope she does not end up with a child actor syndrome because she seems to have many promises. I give this film a good voice for most of the films that make up the film, but I would vote higher if it was not about feeling that something (though I can not find out what) was turned off and if it was not a movie would go to an even higher level. However, we definitely recommend it, especially for those who are curious.
