"Frailty" is actually a psychological thriller rather than a horror movie. It has all the horror film stories, but it is not. "Frailty" is a film about perceiving religion and recognizing the differences between right and wrong. In "Frailty," the middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons say they are doing God's work. It turned out to be a trio of known serial killers called "God's hands". We see that the father kills "demons" in some brutal ways by convincing their sons and themselves that they are doing God's work and that what they are doing is right. He claims to have received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to exclude the demons living here on earth. God gave him a list of names and in return for his "services"; he and his sons get protection, which basically means the police will never be able to capture them. We see that everything is developing in front of us in a very disturbing way. But what's really worrying about it is the effect it has on two sons, especially Adam's eldest son. Adam itself seriously doubts the existence of the supreme being, that means that until his father and the week in the cellar everything changes. He knows his father has obviously lost his mind, and he's sure it's happening with his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of the riddle, takes everything as if it were his own religion. He appears to be imprisoned in the father's world of God and demons. I suppose it's because he's so young and easy to feel. But everything that happens to these three is somewhat convincing, in fact convincing. <br /> <br /> The events that occur in the film can be considered a lively hallucination experienced by three main characters. I say that because each of them responds to the situation in different ways, and at one point in the film each claims to see God. Dad first sees murder as his mission. His "mission" eventually consumes him and quickly turns into an obsession with demon eradication. In fact, his hallucinations are primary. His "orders" and the list of names he receives are part of this hallucination. Look at the scene where my dad finds an ax in the barn and finds where I come from. Fenton, the younger son, will easily impress upon all these talk of demons and destruction. Because he is so young, it is easy for him to get into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical of his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> In a sense, the hallucination ends when my dad is killed at the end of the movie. (I will not say how and under what circumstances). But I will say it is not pleasant. After his death, he is quickly brought to the present day. (The story is told through flashes as seen through the eyes of Adam's eldest son). In fact, it's Fenton who tells the story, not Adam, as he had originally believed. The story is narrated as he perceived through his actions and steps of his brother. Fenton is crazy and goes on with what his father started by attracting the FBI agent into a trap. Because religion is the main theme in this film, the film also plays out how easy it is for religions to be misinterpreted by those who do not have full understanding about it. Before Dad had discovered his newly discovered mission, he did not have a clear idea of ​​religion, nor did he fully believe in the highest being. His sons, Fenton and Adam, often sang the innocent church hymns of young children, but they probably did not have a clear idea of ​​what it means. After discovering the newly discovered mission of Dad, they both set out in separate directions - Adam remained in doubt that there was the highest being, while Fenton was gradually sucked into his father's madness. <br /> <br /> A very good thriller that slips out of you, do not look at yourself.
