Frailty is a horror film that reaches its winter by tracking the logic and impact of human illusion / obsession directly into corruption. Dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and a loving father who educates his sons alone after the mother died and gave birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family lifts up their feet at night when Dad enters a boy and tells them that God has given him a vision. What about the vision? the whole family has the task of destroying demons, which are, of course, masked in human form. <br /> <br /> We start from this assumption that the movie is unwavering in watching it. Does Dad hurt the people / demons whom God has said to destroy them, bind them, put their hand on them to see the vision of their evil, and then kill them? while his young sons are watching. Fenton, the elderly boy, is horrified when he sees only a father who has turned into a crazy killer. Adam, younger, is uncomfortable, but believes that his father is following God's will. Finally, the father takes his sons in missions to kidnap the "demons" God has put on Dad's list, and eventually invites them to fully participate in God's mission for the family. understand the abusive father. She loves her children. He only directs God's instructions: "This is our work, son, we have to do it." When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father is crazy, says he will report it to the police, his father explains: "If you do, son, I will die, the angel was clear." The pressure to which children are subject is unbearable and tragic, endangering their lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used by The Usual Suspects: a story in the memory that was handed over to the police station by the FBI. The mood lighting, the stormy weather and the excitement of calm today contribute to endangering the story. I wanted to believe that the developing horror was just a story until I had forgotten the real parallel of Andrei Yates, who believed she was obsessed with Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was looking at human tragedy, rather than the story of divine retaliation. The film, however, did not make me so consoled, because at the end, the truth of Dad's vision was strong. And that, like some hole holes, was a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of the father's visions, regardless of the evil his perpetrators may commit, where does anyone derive authority from acting as the death angel? (1) Roger Ebert reviews, 4/12/02
