Many films from director Richard Attenborough are director of biographies of important historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a biography of a historical man, but in this case the theme of Attenborough is much darker. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted environmental and nature conservation ideas at a time when these causes were less fashionable than today. He was widely believed to be an American Indian; the story he spoke about was that he was born in Mexico to Scottish father and mother Apache and emigrated to Canada, where he was admitted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin by the lake in the remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he had lived as a trapper. In 1935 and 1937 he traveled twice to Britain to promote his books and give lectures on nature conservation and achieved great success, even when he was introduced to the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then a teenager, met with Gray Owl at London's Palladium Theater). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he was not what he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney and was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. The film somewhat deviates from the reality of Gray Owl's life. In the scene in 1934, he said he was 41 years old; in fact he was born in 1888, so he would be 46 years old this year. (46 would be Pierce Brosnan's age when the film was shot, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed into the last four years of the Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film, he is meeting and marrying Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact he met and married Gertrud in 1925. The film also omitted the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl was remarried shortly before his death. The revelation of true Identity Identity Gray Owls adversely affected his posthumous reputation and was released as a "scam". His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the causes he fought. Richard Attenborough, however, focuses on his achievements. One of the topics the film explores is the question of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian since birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of Ojibway's culture and tradition and that he spoke fluently. Ojibway was admitted as a member of their tribe. So it seems unfair to describe his claim to an indigenous North American identity as fraudulent, and only because it was the identity he chose rather than the one he was born of. According to the film, Wife of Gray Owl Gertrude was of Indian origin, but she came from a family that was assimilated to the White Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be considered as her restoration of the original cultural heritage of her family. She was clearly influenced by his husband, but she also had an effect on him, persuading him to give up his work as a fur coat because he had a moral objection to killing animals for their fur. One critic of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is a "miscast" as a hero, a critic who seems to be rooted in the prejudice that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond format. But it seems to me that Brosnan could deliberately take over this role to avoid the typical, silent writer Gray Owl being about as far away from sophisticated agent Bond as he can get. Original Bond, Sean Connery, also appears to have deliberately chosen for contrasting roles when he appeared in "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, even if I agree with those who found Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. Another often criticized criticism I disagree with is that the film is "boring". Sure, it's not an action movie like bonds or a big epic biopic like "Gandhi", and it seems to be really boring for those who expected it to be one or the other. It is, however, likely to please anyone interested in the initial period of the protectionist movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. The scenes of Canadian forests are beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough has served us by helping to revive the interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
