Originally conceived as a solo car for Dudley Moore, "Not Only ... But Also," he saw his former coworker, Peter Beckra, "on the first occasion," and so well received, BBC-2 manager was to be there every week. It was a classic comedy team - Cook was tall, handsome and humorous while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically talented. The sketch that brought the house down was in a tavern with flat caps and cords and featured movie stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most jolly bites of all time and even though Cook's body still keeps well. <br /> <br /> Those characters - the idiot Pete and the even bigger idiot Dud - have found their way to each episode of their own show, seen in a different environment, such as the zoo or art gallery. In the other, sandwiches were held when discussing works of art. "Leonardo da Vinci caricature ... I can not see a joke!" Says Dud. Pete points out that when he was first unveiled, he probably had people in a bout. The dung almost shakes. "You really enjoy those sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The couple reflected their humor from each other in a way that was joyful. The sketches themselves create new standards for comedy that would not be met until the arrival of "Monty Python". How the popularity of the show has grown, as well as the quality of guest stars. Peter Sellers and John Lennon, who introduced a feature based on his poem "Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me". "One Leg Too Little" - Duda had "George Spigott" (a name later re-used in Bedazzled), a one-legged man hiding in the office of the film producer Cook for bankruptcy for the role of Tarzan. Cook will try to make the best of it. "I have nothing against my right leg!" He says. "The problem is - you do not even have!" The bag would sometimes be referred to by the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook) who, when he did not teach rafts to fly underwater, planned to open the Frog & The Peach restaurant. Another classic was "Leaping Muns" (again used in 'Bedazzled'). But my favorite time has to be "Superthunderstingcar", the dirty (and accurate) parody of Gerry and Sylvie Anderson "Thunderbirds". Pete and Dud played all the roles, while the other played as "Lady Penelope". "Ludwig" had Ludwig Van Beethoven as a star "It's Tom Jones" in a variety show style. "The Immortal Bargo" was a spoof documentary about the life of the reclusive film star "Emma Bargo". For an unforgettable moment she drove across London and cried in a loud voice, "I want to be alone!". Season 3 was "Poets on the Corner" with Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others who closed over the tank. Each of them had to improvise the line of poems and someone who could not say it was lost in ugly things. In three seasons they were made in all, created (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, he has few editions. To make it even worse, the scripts were also destroyed. It comes from the belief that this situation may have occurred. The exhibition ended in 1970. The comics arrived on Broadway, produced infamous recordings of "Derek & Clive", but Cook's ever-growing alcoholism split them. Eight years later, Cook announced that the series was a new series, but it turned out to be a godly wish. His former partner was producing films in America and did not intend to work with Cook again (not at that time). Sufficient shots were repeated during the BBC-2 in the early 1990s. As expected, some items did not stay the same as others. Cook died in 1995 and the BCB combined a program compiled from various "Parkinson" interviews and "Not Only ... But Also". This ended adequately when Pete and Dud were in the sky. "Cruel hell!" He called the other. Moore crossed in 2002.
