Enterprise, the latest high-budget franchise in the history of film and television opens in a 90-minute episode of "Broken Bow". First we got into a massive action sequence with a klingon that was followed by some Sulibanci (who are in the first season of the main enemy). From here, the television movie brings us on a journey that seldom gets as good as it is with the best development of nature, story and action / visual effects that have ever been seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening-Loans is a debatable topic among a minority of Enterprise fans who some believe the song is out of place. What they do not realize is the lyrics themselves. If someone listens to a real song, instead of a theme, they begin composing the individual pieces of the puzzle together. And finally, as the series progresses further and further, and learn more about our brave captain and crew, the song will really make sense. The overall theme of Diane Warren is beautifully orchestral and sings as well as opera singer Russell Watson. What makes any TV show observable and worth watching over and over again is its characters and the way they become structured and layered. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best ranked shows from the next generation. The choice of Scott Bakula, as Captain Jonathan Archer, was the best decision since Gene himself shot Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As Captain leads the show, Bakula adds subtlety to his role and brings a huge smile to the faces of someone who has blood in his veins. He is simply (as a wise actor and a wise character) an excellent human being, and his charm, joke and compassion are stunning to watch. As for other cast members, my favorite is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also nice to see that another person plays a role and the decision to give the captain a dog called "Porthos" was a well-received idea. During the show, character development was great, it was fast, well timed and almost perfect. I say almost because the sad figure of Travis Mayweather played Brit Anthony Montgomery is a little weak at the end of the first season. It has some things here and there, but it remains in the hands of producers to become more important. Jolene Blalock is beautiful as a sometimes harsh but equally nice subcommander T'Pol. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and is convincing as a military officer. Connor Trinneer plays Charles's "Trip" commander Tucker, who always adds his charm and comedy style, and eventually Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker figure, but fortunately he quickly becomes interesting. All these characters are made up of the Enterprise, and they all bring quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Each person makes this show that is worth seeing. Smiles and feelings of good sense are guaranteed from the first moment we see them together on the Enterprise NX-01. The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat controversial in design. The series is set for 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why does the ship appear to resemble ships of the mid-24th century, namely the Akira class ship? Continuity was a problem in the business, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer an appropriate explanation for each of them. Continuity is just a problem if you're always studying the show and you're obsessed with the smallest detail. If you see a show with an open mind, then you will not have any problems, but you need to know "why" all the time. So what does Berman and Braga offer to Star Trek fans with the question of the fleet itself? According to them, the NX-01 is what it is because of a First Contact incident. When Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E through his binoculars and talked to a team led by Commander Riker, he changed the ideas in his head. That's a good enough explanation for me. Of course, it's not so easy for fans to accept that kind of answer, some go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. The boys are growing up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars Saga by running his new trilogy of profits, fans could not do anything, just watching and expanding everything. And then they learned it, maybe it's not that bad. If you can not accept a quality show for what it is, not what should be in your mind then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer on the show and then look what you can do. Enterprise files resemble Defiant from Deep Space Nine. Often they seem to be cool and have an exciting look for modern structures and they call it an army. Maybe that's why the crew of the USS Enterprise (known as the flagship of the US fleet) likes it so much. They are great sets and they are a perfect show. Rick Berman, the "ruler of the empire," as John Logan gave it so accurately, and his counterpart Brannon Braga hit the nail exactly where he should have and in all the right places. Whether it's technical aspects, pictures, sound, adjustments or scores. The company is a great demonstration of how good science fiction can be good when it's in the hands of geniuses. Late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, you should.
