The tourist season just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, began to winter, and residents, people and sheep, settled in much calmer times. Michael Gaffikin (a former British army paratrooper) is a local dentist; he is not a native island; and as such, his relationship with local artist and cartoonist Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) always has little suspicion, not malicious, but only protective instincts related closely-bound communities. The islands crumble when Gaffikin out for a solitary golf bike finds a headless remnant of brutally killed women. Immediately reports of his terrible finding Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) on the island's police station, Inskip deals with the delivery of remains to local doctors, Dr. Goudry to take a closer look. A quick search for the killer proved to be insignificant, just like finding a missing local woman. During evening dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that a dead woman can be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland who lives on the island in the winter months. A quick search in the house, Dove Cottage, reveals the missing remnants of her body, her home turned out to be a murderous scene, but why did the killer pull the fuselage through the mile into the forest? Suspicion immediately falls on one foreigner on the island, one Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth), who also became the last person to see her alive when they came to the last ferry. <br /> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental expertise on the victim's body, reveals that someone has been torn or something with great force, a set of teeth on the body seemingly pointing to a human killer, another pointing to an unknown animal of some kinds. Sheep are opened and a Canadian ornithologist is found. With heavy burglary flames, the island is cut off from the mainland and any help, the radio does not work, it seems to be blocked, and the phone lines are cut. Reports of the UFO and the sight of the camouflaged soldier are linked by the finding of a special craft hidden behind the rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything other than the facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens may be involved, but the increase in radioactive levels on the island is to be doubted by himself. <br /> <br /> Nightmare Man, based on David Vodyanoi's novel by David Wiltshire, Who and Blake's 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had directorial experience on both Sci-Fi classics, and the film benefits from having a puppy experience on board. The nightmare is, however, as a whole, a briefly mature work that builds its conspiracy along the solid development of the character, even with small figures, time is given to all who give them a solid background. The island environment is perhaps a genre cliché that has been repeatedly used, but the one I like very much, the remoteness, the feeling of being besieged without going out, always adds to the atmosphere and gives it a special oomph by having an impenetrable mist, which hinders all efforts. In many genre efforts of this kind, it's very easy to get stupid driving, and the conspiracy resorted to melodrama, but Camfield's merit keeps it together with the emphasis on credibility under all circumstances. It is true that it is steering, characters even speak Gaelic occasionally to the next point. If the murder is negative, we get his POV for killing, acceptable cliché in his own right, but when seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens, he just screams unnecessarily filming the film just a bit. And yet you will have to gauge the outcome or identity or, as to the type of killer, with regard to the presented tracks, but it is a fun and very well crafted piece. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, the local retreat of Roeves and Cosmo are particularly well separated and enjoyable. Imrie, I've never been in other works, it's also pretty good and it shows a woman's figure as if she were in the hammer making. A crazy, perhaps even absurd, end may cause some viewers to disappoint to a certain extent, but taking into account when it was made, it is understandable and acceptable additions that if you think about it, it is even more terrifying.
