The illegitimate, twenty-something hick (played by John Travolta) leaves the farm and goes to Houston where he learns about life and love in Texas Honky-tonk. At a nominal value, it's a modern love story ... Texas's style. There are cubes of cowboy hats, trunks, neon beer tags and links to big buckles and rodeo. Music, if not Texas, is Texas customized, courtesy of the talents of Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee and Charlie Daniels Band. And that Texas pulling ... "y'all". The story and characters are about as delicate as the taste of the Texas five-alarm chili made with Jalapeno pepper. It is enough for civilized audiences to suppress the film in favor of the fine classics played by Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman. "Hamlet" is not. But "Urban Cowboy" is spicy and explicit, and I like it. Technically, the film is generally good. Dialogue, production and costumes are all realistic; editing is handy. And both casting and acting are commendable, if not the Oscar worthy. I would not take Travolta into the role he plays, but he does a great job ... with Debra Winger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson, among others, are also good at supporting roles. But cinematography looked weak. The film I was watching was granular and occasionally had a red / orange touch, a visual feature that I recorded in other films of the same time period. At first glance, the film does not seem to offer any social or political "message". But I would argue that when Urban Cowboy was released twenty-five years ago, it had more prophetic implications. In 1980, the US had all the problems, at least the American hostages held by Iran. In the minds of many people, then the United States was pushed out, bullying. This film, along with other times, offered something the Americans wanted to see with their political leaders. .. toughness. "Urban Cowboy" is a very physical movie. Characters in it do not have to be the brightest people on Earth. But it's hard! Everything about "urban cowboy" is an anti-intellectual. As a vehicle for cultural expression, this film was one of several in 1980 that represented the new American era. It began in 1980 with the election of Reagan. And this time is going on today, with a president who probably will not forget his intellect, but will be reminded of his toughness and aggression, features that Americans are obviously watching as surely as texas for five chili alarms.
