First I tell myself I'm not from the South, but I'm an American. I do not like Country music, but I can stomach her. I would never carry a cowboy hat, but I wear hats. I do not live in a trailer, but it's a tuna salad and my own house. What does that have to do with this comment? Much if you are one of those people who say that this film loves only "the land". This film is freely based on the premise "Loved and Lost". James Bridges directs the American love story just as it does. In the era of Jerry Springer and in the mentality "It dies out there," this movie rings more than ever. <br /> <br /> Bud is a "teenager" and goes to his own life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves with them to a big city. Bud finds himself pushed into the local tonka world hunt for a single leak of a blue collar that one can afford. She quickly meets Sissy, who is from a similar environment, and both have a whirlwind romance full of painful swings and falls. <br /> <br /> (* This conspiracy takes so many twists and turns that one has to sit for a while before it starts. The transition from being a wedding, the film highlights some of the modern fighting a woman has when takes a old-fashioned man, and looks at the male ego with women and competitions. <br /> <br /> Bud is questioned and excited when he inserts Micky into an electronic bull. Sissy gets ideas for her, but she quickly reminds her that she is married and has to start acting like her. The emotion between these two characters is brutal and expressive, and the conspiracy continues from here, especially when it splits and Sissy falls into ex con with affection for abuse and cruelty. Soon she realizes that grass is not greener on the other hand. How can anyone compare Bud to Vinnie Barbirin is shocking to me. John Travolta made an exceptional performance that was worthy of recognition. He was credible and real. Scene where your beard shaved and you first saw him at the bar ... it gives me goosebumps. Keep in mind that I'm not a big fan of Travolta, but come on, see why Sissy kicked my shoes so early in the movie. Deb Winger was so real that you felt sympathetic to her when she noticed emotions with Bud. <br /> <br /> Support for the cast was incredible. Wes played Scott Glenn gave the first performance that hated and cursed you while he abused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, as Pride Lady / Girlfriend, was so authentic that a great little girl across the United States prayed to wake her flat chests to wear the clothes she wore in the film. My greatest dudes go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as Aunt and Uncle Building. They looked like a former aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas, and in any small part, they made the film much bigger and livelier. Two unforgettable scenes were the Dolly Parton competition and an unforgettable scene where Bud and his aunt cost the death of one of the characters. The dialogue between them touches. <br /> <br /> If you can watch what it is, a real American love story. Then I suggest that you take it for what it is ... a movie that before time has given us voyeurism into a world that is not unlike ours but sufficiently real for our joy and fun. If this world sounds the same as you, then you will enjoy much more. Finally, music that is dated will certainly send you back when you are over 30 years of age.
