There is no greater depression to do history than to distort it. It has the easiest and farthest way, just to portray it as a monster. It only shows his negative pages and exaggerates them. "Those who do not know about the past make us repeat it." He was a man. This can be difficult for some people, but an important part of life is facing what we do not want. Rather than demonizing men, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we do not have the chance to prevent someone similar in the future, or even in the present, from succeeding in any remotely comparable range in terms of harm and misery. To hate him and what he did did not make him into something mythical, intentional or otherwise. Frankly, too many of this mini-series could play "silly stupid * duuum *!" after or during the scenes. The whole thing nods, nods and laughs at the audience, with a clear message, "was the guy ominous or what," including every bad feature (as well as making a few that go directly against who and what it was), left more or less of nothing, and have them constant throughout life, not something he believed or claimed. This should never be used for upbringing. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English) and perhaps point out some inaccuracies instead. This is not respecting the real events that have occurred, and all and all who have survived, not to mention those who have died. Kinematic Quality? Highest quality. It is well done, through excellent production values, a solid arc to a well-known conspiracy, what characterization is strong and credible, the dialogue and the script are great, all the performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and acts as a role ... as it was written ... perfectly), music is well composed, cinematography and editing are flawless and creative and it is definitely dramatic, fun and riveting. They get data and many occurrences and make them righteous. If I had been offered to work on it and did not feel like I could be objective enough for Hitler to appear as a completely exhausted person, I would have refused and put it as a reason. I do not blame anyone for paying back. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure we should? That's not what I'm suggesting. Finally, let me remind you that when I write this, we are in a global economic crisis that lasted for approximately two years, and it is not severely inconsistent with the 1929 stock market crash. Two reasons that led to the depression of the new millennium are as follows: money banks to keep the market and most countries are now friendly to each other. In addition, lessons have not been learned. Let's hope he has it now. Back to that ... my suggestion? Read a book that is not fictional. There are a lot of informative, intelligent. The DVD is a trailer. I recommend it only to those who know better, and strongly urge anyone who watches it, to find the truth. 8/10
