In Christiana Duguaya, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's first years in life and politics are successful with some minor historical mistakes and exaggerations. It is quite natural that the Hollywood film contains such things as the main purpose of which is the reception they receive from the film. Although these mistakes may disappoint some audience members who believe that everything should be done, I believe that most of them fit into the rest of the movie, making it more interesting. We should not forget that this film is not a documentary film. Who cares about how his dog died as well. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Hitler is portrayed as a mentally unstable figure who is very angry and very passionate about his ideal. But he was not portrayed as a super-villain, but rather as an ambitious politician. I believe it's a nice perspective because the film is not contaminated by a number of negative emotions, and that's why the movie was somewhat objective. Yes, he was a little mad and his methods were harsh, but he was still a man who is not a completely crazy figure as he portrays in "Unbelievable Bastards." I believe the film was more realistic, though with some inaccuracies in historical facts. The course of history is a pleasant reflection of the audience. Even though the film was centered around Hitler, we also had the opportunity to see what is happening in the country as a result of these events through newspapers, discussions of people and songs in the Jewish cabaret. The reaction of the company was also reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The fight for journalist Fritz Gerlich and the ironic games played in the cabaret were fun and interesting, but that was all. Mostly we saw only his followers who furiously evolved in the streets and encouraged him. Another thing missing from the film is information about the origin of his hatred of Jews. There are some ideas at the beginning of the movie, but they were quite superficial. Suddenly, he was a politician who gave speeches about the need to exterminate the Jews. At the end of Hitler: The rise of evil can not be considered an excellent movie that will please everyone, but it is unsatisfactory at all. If you can become directors who have changed history for money, it is an interesting film that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
