"Hitler: The Rise of Evil" was shrouded in controversy before it ever broadcast, and that controversy may hide the completion of the film. Those who criticized the movie they did not see did so with good intentions, based on the wrong idea that Hitler would be too sympathetic. However, they did not understand this point: humanizing the evil Hitler did not sympathize with him. It is more disturbing to realize that the unspeakable acts committed by one of the greatest villains of history have been committed by a human being. An ill, sick maniac, definitely, but a human being, however. It is necessary to know the story of how Hitler came to power to prevent it from happening again. <br /> <br /> "Rise of Evil" is highlighted by Robert Carlyle's excellent career, which makes Hitler a man without ever redeeming him. Carlyle flawlessly captures the looks and ways of a Nazi leader without ever pretending to become a cartoon or surrendering to us (something Anthony Hopkins could not achieve when he portrayed Hitler in "The Bunker," another very good film for television ). While being rejected by Hitler's disgust and fierce anti-Semitism, Carlyle gives him some magnetism and strength that the real Adolf Hitler had. After all, while the nation would follow him? From various subplots, by far the most convincing features of Matthew Modine as reporter Fritz Gehrlich, who makes his life work draw attention to the reality of Hitler and Nazism. While Modine's performance is somewhat compressed in Part 1, part 2 seems to have settled, the character gives us a real hero in a movie full of villains. Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also give strong support. Part 1 of these two-part mini series suffered a bit from being too torn, including a look at Hitler's childhood, which only takes the duration of opening credits. And in Part 2, the parts describing Hitler's relationship with his niece and his mistress Eva Braun are less successful than a central conspiracy, but they serve us for further insight into his mental and emotional state. <br /> <br /> After all, no film about Hitler can understand us. The average person, fortunately, is incapable of never understanding a person who would try to wipe out the whole race of people. "Hitler: The Evil of Evil" is trying less to understand Hitler and more to understand how he has become a power. This is an important story that must be said, and it is impossible to believe that anyone who saw the film would blame it for nothing but the best of intent and the ability to do something other than good. <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10. *** 1/2
