I agree with the many negative reviews we have posted here for reasons that I will later address. But this miniseries are strong and convincing, because the talented cast actually captures the dark truth of Hitler. Peter Stormare is as perfect as Ernst Rohm, the brutal Brownshirt leader. Every scene she has with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so bad that he rules everyone except the brutal, primitive Rohm - and for this reason Rohm clearly kicks. The interplay between Stormar and Carlisle illuminates the way Hitler enjoyed Rohm's brutality, but later he sacrificed it for political reasons. Jena Malone turns to heartbeat as Geli Raubal, Hitler's condemned niece and the victim of his unspeakable perversion. Without direct discovery of sexual dirt, Jena Malone plays all the horror of the slow extinction of a young girl's spirit. She uses her eyes and voice to indicate all the horrors that will be visited by millions of people in the coming years. And she's great! Zoe Telford very closely responds to Jen Malone with her imaginations by Eva Braun. Eve is obviously sick, cruel and heartless - but at the same time almost politely dependent on Adolph's twisted tenderness. The canceled love scene between them (a hint of the terrible truth about Hitler's huge self-sacrifice) is both cool and erotic. Liev Schrieber gives a deliciously crafted craft like Putzi Hanfstaengel, a man without a spine about the city, who is seduced by Hitler's promises of wealth and power. While brutal like Rohm just loves the idea of ​​crushing the skull under his shoes, Schrieber's character is one of many Germans who renounce Nazi violence but can not resist a quick and easy way to money and power. His weak will over Hitler soon loses his wife's respect, playing stylishly and meaningfully stunning and royal Julianna Margulies. They provide a real portrait of marriage and betrayal. <br /> <br /> These shows carry a mini-series and easily overcome occasional shortcomings in the scenario. There is one exception. Unfortunately, Matthew Modina's acting pieces simply do not have snuff. His noble journalist, destroyed by all the remnants, has destroyed every scene he has - the audience can hardly wait for Rohm's brown shirt to blush that his merciless, fair look looks from his unconscious face of a Hollywood golden boy with low rents. But the story still works. Now, given the factual inaccuracies of the scenario, Hitler's perversion and cruelty are provided in a lively and convincing way. But the record of Hitler's warrior on the battlefield is badly distorted. As if feared that viewers can not cope with the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, the writers make Hitler look like a whimping cow who "begged" the Iron Cross. As if someone in Kaiser's army could get a medal just by laughing about it! The film shows that Hitler was a coward in the trenches when he was a fearless soldier. They also suggest that his friends despised when in fact he was admired by officers and soldiers alike. Suppressing that the mini-series succeeds in representing Hitler as a monster in honest ways - but could not resist cheap shot. Overall, however, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is an exciting success highlighted by executive performances.
