Another recent episode from the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholic, installment that proves that the show is still exploring its characters at this point of the third season; though flawed, "all of our Yesterdays" has its moments and overall a moody, convincing feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy are coming to the planet, assuming they are coming in time to save or at least warn against any population, because the solar planet is about to explode in a matter of hours. But as it turned out, people were too aware of the planet's fate and escaped into the past by means of some travel equipment in time. Each person in the past chose the time and place to live in a "library" run by an older man appointed by Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that these three men are looking for the past where they live, and shows them different times from which they can choose viewers. There is some rather confused confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where are they going? Atoz - wherever they want. Misunderstanding could be solved relatively easily, but it is not for conspiracy purposes, and soon Kirk finds himself transported back to a reminiscent of the 18th century England, while Spock and McCoy are sent to the ice age, 5000 years in the past of the planet. From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with this woman expelled by the tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to grow more emotionally, showing anger toward McCoy and a deep affection for Zarabeth's wife. Eventually, he realizes that he returned to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors before Vulcan 5,000 years ago. Kirk first returns to the library and finally convinces Mr. Atozo that he does not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy are coming back just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth; Enterprise accelerates a bit and accelerates when the sun explodes and destroys the planet. Interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides this episode with the most memorable moments, although Kirk's adventure into the 'English' past is fun. Overall, a very nice day trip by Star Trek.
