The penultimate episode of the third season of the Star Trek is outstanding and culminates in much furious final season. Basically, Spock, McCoy and Kirk are coming to Sarpeidon to find the planet's population completely missing, except for the presence of the giant library and librarian Atoze. All three Trek signs will accidentally go through the machines to travel to different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock makes a convincing performance like the Ice Age Vulcan, who falls in love with Zarabet, while Kirk repeats his unfortunate experience of traveling on time - see "City on the Edge of the Ages" - when he is accused of witchcraft and jailed before fleeing and finding the entrance to Sarpeidon's presence in time. Finally, all three Trek signs are stored just minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sperpeon gets the supernova. The enterprise is decomposed just like the star explodes. Ironically, as William Shatner in his Star Trek Memories, this show was the source of a dispute, as Leonard Nimoy noticed that there was no reason in Lisette's writing because Spock acted so emotionally. Nimoy gave his doubts here directly to the executive producer of the show, Fre Freberger, that the Vulcans should not fall in love. (232) Freiberger, however, stated that the period of ice age allowed Spokes to experience emotions because it was a period when Vulcans had not yet developed into their completely logical current state. It was a great example of improvisation on Freiberger's side to save the script that was far above average for this episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in script quality for the third season has hurt Spock in an artistic way because his character was forced to act like a donkey in "Plato's Stepchildren," playing music with Hippies in Way to Eden or sometimes displaying emotions, the script was more believable. Spock's performance was excellent, as Freiberger was honestly confessed to Shatner. (272) The only obvious thing is that both Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years back in time, McCoy should also return to the more primitive human state, not just Spock. But it is a mistake because it is a poor quality of many other season 3 concerts, Spock / McCoy's brilliant performance and the originality of this scenario. Who could imagine that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon escape the fate of their fateful planet by traveling to their past? This is certainly what we could expect from the best "Classic Trek" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in his memoirs, named some of his best "unusual and high quality shows" of season 3 as Enterprise Incident, Dove Day, Is Truth No Tholos, and Children Will Lead and Paradise Syndrome . (p.273) While my personal opinion is that "And the kids will lead" is a very bad episode, while "There is no beauty at all" is problematic, "All of our Yesterdays" certainly belong to the list of top three star Trek TOS movies. I give 9 out of 10 for "All of our Yesterdays".
