Extreme travel time: instead of traveling to the past of the Earth, the main trio is stuck in the history of another planet. They are coming to this planet whose sun is scheduled for the new in 3 or 4 hours (it's so close!). In a sort of futuristic library they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, get it? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turned out that instead of escaping the destruction of the planet through space travel, in the usual way, all the inhabitants escaped to different times of their planet's past. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people to the road after selection (see the discs we see here for the next prognosis of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), Merry Kirk hears a woman's cry, and comes across the planet 17th Century of the Earth, where he gets to fight with the sword and is arrested for witchcraft. There is eccentric, but good performance here, the actress plays a woman of bad reputation at this time, using the phrases of time ("... you stole a fine coo .. Witch, witch will burn you ..!"). Spock & McCoy follow Kirk but end up in the ice age 5000 years ago. Kirk returns to the library first. The real story is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, wartime Vulcans 5000 years ago. It really does not make sense, except that perhaps this time machine is responsible for change (even so Spock & McCoy were not "ready" by Atoz - well, I also think Spock was affected by the transition almost instantly - he mentions that he is "millions of light years" away, instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a crude error for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock actually shows his unpleasant side - forget about the "day of the dove" and remember "this side of paradise" - McCoy quickly finds out that his Vulcan friend will not have any of his usual baits and almost gets his face set up. Spock also gets Zarabeth, a nice woman who has been expelled from this cold past as a punishment (several Trek novels have been written about Spock's son, the result of this connection). All these scenes are eye-opener, a reminder of how much Spock is hiding or holding. It's also ironic that just a few episodes before ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy pointed to Spock as he would never know the pain of love - and now it's all happening. In the meantime, Kirk is talking to older Atoes who insist that Kirk has returned to the past ("You're a suicidal maniac," a great thing from actor Wolfe, who was last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). It all works, but, as I have already mentioned, it has divided it very closely. An amazing little adventure for Trek with a certain cosmic slope.
