I'm fun for such movies. Movies that will take you back and let you experience your childhood again. I grew up and has a lot of grown-up duties, like a mortgage, kids, dogs, a wife, and lots of others. I like it very much, but it's not as innocent and carefree as if I were twelve. Indian Summer Mike Binder knows it and researches it for twelve years. It brings you back to a time when life has been easier and more fun. Bringing you back to the time when you were afraid of your first kiss and wondering if you could finish the camp marathon were important questions. Indian Summer is a fantastic movie that should be watched at least once a year so you can sit and laugh ... and remember. Star film star Kevin Pollak, Bill Paxton, Diane Lane, and Matt Craven (name a few) as child friends who are summoned back to camp Tamakwa by former camp leader, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lou plays perfectly Alan Arkin. He is a boy who is the patriarch of the group. It is also conscious and includes the true spirit of the father's character and someone who understands simple things in life. It's a tough time for today's kids who need to see the pavement in their ears flashing when they are in the spot of immense beauty like Tamakwa. This is a camp in which a camp passes in a lot, leaving the colors that God gave them and water until they see their eyes. Uncle Lou is worried about the old days and asks his former campers back to camp to see that one of them takes over the camp. While they are all together, we have seen their trials and tribulations, and perhaps a new love may come between them. When adults return to camp, it's not long before they behave like kids again as typical camp jokes are played over and over again. They take toilet paper, toothpaste on sleeping bags, and so on. All this is happening cheerfully and with actors like Pollak and Paxton, that's all very fun stuff. But for fun, we are going to explore some real adult emotions that one can associate with. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins have a view of the bay where they walked like guys. Pollak can not see how small he is, and Perkins finally tells him that the bay has not changed, it just grew bigger. It does not return the point home, but it does it gently. We all grow up, we all go on and we all unfortunately can not live like 20 years ago. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Indian Summer is a character-based film written by Mike Binder, who actually took part in Camp Camp Tamakwa (as well as Sam Raimi, who played Stick in the movie) and that is his beautiful and lively memories of his film fuel experience. There are many moving scenes and there are also many fun scenes. Both are perfect. <br /> <br /> I love this movie. I love everything about it and it's really a hidden jewel. <br /> <br />
