Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas and even drove episodes of stunning stories, so naturally it will have to be the greatest anthology ever? Unfortunately, wrong. Some episodes are simply fantastic, but too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it could be that it's a fall, it's too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror and one was even revived, making it a similar but not so good 80s version of the Twilight Zone (which was also around). <br /> <br /> Under normal circumstances, I would like to show up in anthology as a mixture of stories, but it just did not work here. Some of the fantastic dramatic episodes felt like it would be better to show late night on the Lifetime network, like the episode "Ghost Train" Spielberg himself did. In that episode, it gave the message of hope and gave us a fantastic story, but overall it was just building up to the end that I never returned. Horror episodes tended to work better than drama, but they were much more dramatic and shy. There are wisely large stars in this anthology, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and many other friends were in the episodes of the show. It's fun to see famous actors almost in every episode of the show. The great directors also starred in episodes such as Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito, and even Martin Scorsese. Mostly I would recommend it to directors and / or 80s than anybody else. Amazing stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediated, and every once in a while a real breakthrough came out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me and it's fun to sit on a tedious afternoon and watch some episodes. John Williams's thematic music for the show is certainly captured in the head of someone who is also watching it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. for one episode. TVPG
