Frankly, I expected to hate it, and I really just checked it because Jenna Jameson is in it, but I have to say I kicked out of a fracture. A group of undergraduates and their teacher go to a "trip" to Ireland. Their accommodation is located near the forest where it is said that special events happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. A group of adolescents is warned by the asset manager not to surrender to the forest - but they are the silly characters of B-film that are - of course, they do not pay attention and pay for their mistakes one after another ... At first, there is a bad occurrence of bad breeding. The actor / dialogue is quite faint, and my main problem is that the film with Jenny Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should also have meaningless nudity than she was exposed to - and Jenny's role in this production is roughly has a total of 2 minutes of on-screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show the skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Also, the last scene of the movie has absolutely no sense and feels like it's only been played to finish the movie. These fits aside - there are some good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both dispatched early, with Greco's nude torso ending on baking slices and Chasey's gut hanging from torn in half (though how it ends up this way is not shown on the screen) ... not bad during the first 5 minutes. The other killing scenes are pretty inventive, including Jenny's forced removal of breast implants, a man who pulled his colon through his butt, knife on his face, and several other notables. The implant and colon stages also have subtle versions that are on special features, and it is a shame that the manufacturers have done them to say so. Also, the movie moves along a pretty good clip as it moves, so you do not really have too much time to get bored. FX "creation" is also done competently, which definitely helps. Overall, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This together with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER has renewed my interest in American low-budget straight-to-video movies. I usually exclude them as a whole, but these two were good enough to trust me. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a good way to go for 90 minutes - maybe it should not hurt to sip a bottle of cheap bourbon when you're on it - I know I'm, and I'm sure it did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
