Many American students and their teachers decide to visit the most sad part of Ireland to study ancient religious practices. In spite of repeated warnings of the danger that they deviate from the beaten track (a local horrible Irish guy, natch), they do just that, and on the outside they stay with the family of inbred cannibals (descendants of the infamous clan Sawney Bean, who, according to the filthy film conspiracy grew out of Scotland sticks and settled on Emerald Isle). If you think porn star plus low budget horror automatically equals a ton of nudity and terrible and then think again: Evil Breed is filled with adult stars, but in reality there is not such nudity as would be expected given that it is "talent," and that acting, though far from the Oscar worthy, is not all bad (except for Ginger Lynn Allen, who knows he can make a terrific "French" but whose Irish is miserable). Evil Breed opens in a magnificent style with the brutal defeat of several love camons: after a short sub-canvas of sex, the silicone raised hottie is pulled out of the tent and torn in half; the guy has his hands and legs cut off and roasted to climb. It is a very horrible beginning and keeps the rest of the movie. Unfortunately, after this promising start, things begin to form seriously: we present the main characters, twenty people who ask themselves to become cannibal feeds and are exposed to a lot of time spent in the form of some terrible fake burns, a lot of blarney about murderous druids from local Ireland Weirdo Gary (Simon Peacock) and the worst of all, some sub-Scream, postmodernist interview about horror movies conventions (as clever!) <br /> <br /> So, as it seems as though the movie never got better, the director Christian Viel decides to be serious: the guy gets a knife thrown over his head and there's a free sex-in-the-shower scene with beautiful blonde Gillian Leigh (NOT a star, but I'm sure there's a career waiting, he wants it). Then things get better, because the cannibals get into top-notch food and the film turns into a real bloodbath: Gary has a machete that pulls him in his ass (about in time!) And is strangled with his gut; Ginger Lynn kick-boxes mutant; Jenna Jameson is torn open, drank and has a silicone breast implant that is destroyed by a confused cannibal; the guy gets exposed with cheese wire; and Taylor Hayes is seen bloody, bruised and naked with a dead fruit between the legs (apparently being captured and used as breeding material). It's all so unpleasantly cruel that it makes sitting less interesting things worth it, and gets the Evil Breed final rating 7/10. <br /> <br /> Very problematic production and studio mistakes have led to Christian Viel eventually leaving the project. Repeated cuts were made and the gore was heavily trimmed for the US release. The good news is that although the movie does not work as well as it could be and is cursed with a terrible end, the British DVD (the version I watched) seems to remain relatively intact in terms of splashing (the film has been totally solved only 13 frames).
