Hong Kong directors who move to Hollywood to shoot movies are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of people like Tsui Hark, John Woo, and Ringo Lam in the 1990s. Of their collective output, only a few films (or perhaps just one?) Were involved in the box office. The partnerships of Andrew Lau and Alan Mak were a tour of HK's recent cinematic history, especially with their now familiar Infernal Affairs trilogy, which was rebuilt to Martin Scorsese The Departed, so it is no surprise when Hollywood knocks on the door. /> <br /> But without a co-worker Maka, who usually has a script / story, how did Lau deal with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-Files without X, in the way the story, characters and charts of the cartoon series Chris Carter are told. Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but they do not belong to any federal investigation agency that carries weapons but are employees of the Protective Services, who is the main task of ensuring that the sexual predators who are in their jurisdiction are safe from companies when they are released from time spent. That is why they are shepherds who behave to herds only because their herd suffers from poor sexual perversion with a tendency to violence. The parallels in the characterization are so evident that it is just a cosmetic touch out there. Like Fox Mulder, Erle Babbage is a strange, lonely man who with his desire obsessed in pursuing his flock to tear. Troubled by the unsuccessful attempt to rescue the missing child, as well as Mulder's pine for his missing sister, Babbage avoids colleagues and gives torch orders masked as a retirement plan. He has a profound disgust for the people he controls, he is sick of his crimes, and is worth the trouble that he has no problems with the use of unorthodox methods that should not be rid of the grip when they commit an illegal, preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong urgent demands to fight him so that he does not cross the border to become the kind he is behaving. As part of the routine, it also searches the newspapers and boulevards as trails and leads to its goal, search for closure, rescue itself and strong conviction that the truth is still there and wants to believe it. <Br /> <br /> Danes' Allison Lowry on the other hand is ingénue brought to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, when he gets on the ropes at work for the next 18 days, he has to learn and report his shenanigans, much like what Dana Scully had to do with Fox Mulder. As an unbelievable pre-eminence and the notion that those who were released back to society were cured of their temptations, they slowly begin to see what Babbage sees and understand that it takes much more than just a table and administrative when he really wants help people. And this discovery of the world of fetish and deviant sexual practices that we open to all of our eyes is similar to how the 8mm star of Nicolas Cage brought the tobacco snuff to the reflector. It's a decent investigative drama with the usual red screams and mine, they're really good because they often wonder if your mistakes are right and you'll soon find yourself out of the table when you show up wrong with the alarming frequency even though I do not believe in a strict narrative but rather from a large number of characters (beware of the Avril Lavigne portal) and subgroups. The scene in the darkened living room was similar to David Milo and William Somerset of Se7en as they penetrated John Doe's apartment and found a lot of bizarre, though there was not much of it here because of the subject's nature. <br /> <br /> It seems that The Flock has somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography is good enough, despite his very strange style, he has no style, he uses almost every trick in the book to try to re-create feelings from watching another Se7en, it was deeply submerged in brown shades rather than death and black shadow. It takes a while to get used to it, and I give this effect as one that really takes away the attention of what's happening in the story. It's not really a good step, with somewhat frequent repeat scenes with flashbacks. But Flock still makes good fun, although X-philes out there would probably hardly have to imagine their favorite role-playing players, given that they have many similarities. Gere and Dan are doing some chemistry like an old mist (heh) and their protege, and while it is not so great, Andrew Lau has managed to get something nice.
