I really like Richard Gere ... I always had it and it seems late that his Hollywood starship and money producer slipped, but it seemed to me that the reason was that he had a very mature, intense role and he was very Successful in it just not financially because I saw him in really gorgeous gems lately including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to see movies, see my reviews) and now that Flora, which was supposed to be a great edition considering its substantial budget 35 million +. It seems that some other IMDb reviews are very, very harsh because I thought the film is dealing with a very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and worrying way and Gere is just bringing home. It's an action thriller drama that kept my stuck to television with his story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that Hollywood is a very serious problem, but I do not think that it does with disrepute, but rather tries to turn around in another way so people realize, that it exists. In fact, it's pretty much the same way the Hunting Party has dealt with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job that held him together, but I think the cast is what made him observable. Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker of any kind of Erroll Babbage who has created his own style and laws regarding the tracking of his "Flock" who are registered violent sexual offenders. He did not strike to follow these people, follow them, and make sure he does not recommend, and if he does, he will be the one who can identify and stop them in any way. Gere is so intense and seems to be exhausted from this job, and he becomes violent and angry while watching these monsters on the street. He's just fantastic. Claire Danes is also awesome as Babbage's new partner and his alternate, who must train to do his job. The Danish character is a much more typical social worker and is somewhat surprised by Babbage's style and methods, but he slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and go against. Two of them are great together and have a wonderful chemistry with so different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who seems to be ripped off by subtitles when he plays a character that very much resembles Karel Homolka (the wife of Paul Bernard, who is now out there) for those of you who are watching Canadian serial killers. Her character is a bit over the top, but she is persuasive and scary at the same time. Russell Sams plays a small role as Strickland's new friend and he would probably have a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a great character actor (seeing him in Dead End as well as an amazing turn as Satan himself at the WB show Reaper) and gains a small but good role as head of the public security department and Babbage boss. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect despite the amazing performance of its cast. He takes liberties by really trying to make the movie more fun than educational, but it's just another angle he does not like Nicholas Cage's 8MM mug. The herd will take you to the bumper of the sex shop, kidnapping, trafficking in human beings and others, and it's really something to watch. Maybe it was not meant or written, just as it could have been, but I tell you that Danes and Gere together make this movie a completely observable and really great thriller. It is disturbing, but also something that is not too complicated, yet Gere's character is in many ways very complex with many layers and also opens the social stigma and thinks about vigilance in many respects when you see the people with whom Gere deals. I recommend everyone to ignore bad reviews and see for yourself because it is worth paying! 8.5 / 10
