This film does not seem to please many people. First of all, it seems that many of them did not first see (I just happened to come across) and after evaluating the evaluation and evaluation, those who so many people did not like it very much. <br /> <br /> Well, I did that. I usually tolerated Gere for his appearance and his charm, and although I did not consider him a great actor, I know he can go mad quite well (I liked Mr. Jones). But this performance is quite different. This is not nice and not charming. His character is completely different from everything I've ever seen from him - old, ugly, broken, decisive. And Gere, in my best performance yet, will pull it off nicely. I think that's a sign of how well his actor does his job, if you can not imagine anyone else doing it, Hopkins thought like Hannibal Lecter or Washington as Alonzo in training. That was a good Gere. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast was also my name. I think I would not drop Danes in this role, especially because I think it's too good. But she really does a great job, holding her own with Gere in the top form, which is not a small performance. Strickland easily supplies the best supporting act, in part, which requires a considerable amount of support. Actually, I think he owns the main scene with Gere and Danes, and that's quite a success. So what about the rest of the movie, except for some great acting? The story may not be incredibly surprising, some aspects of 8mm-ish, but the addition of the legacy of "veterans breaks in newcomers" to anyone and also (like the Silence of Lambs) that add a sense of urgency by trying to save the girl and the approaching departure of Gere's character. All of this is the backdrop for the development of two main characters, as they help each other settle down on their new stations in life. That's a lot of what's achieved in 100 minutes, but it's good, and we'll finally take care of the characters and what's going to happen to them. Direction and photographs were adequate. I could have done it without modern musical-video camera movements and cutting, but then I was an old helmsman and it was really not that bad, in fact I think it helped with the atmosphere of a movie that like you would probably not be happy. <br /> <br /> It's worth seeing.
