I was looking for this movie because I was a new fan of Frain and wanted to see more of his work. First, his Irish accent is great. He seems to have a touch for dialects. His acting was amazing as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the movie was very well done. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as * a mess * it is really. Both sides are committing serious injustices, and the men in conflict usually have nothing to say about their circumstances. It is also interesting to note that not every man (or woman) who is supposedly fighting for his country really does * just * it. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does it, Ginger can not come up with a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger is not in it because of the noble cause of protecting his country or the rights of his Protestant colleagues ... Ginger is a fun killing. It's full of bloody desires, and it's perfect work for a man like him. In such a fight, there are boys like Liam (John Lynch) who want to live their everyday life and enjoy their families ... boys who see all the games, just get rich more fighting. They are boys like Kenny who were born leaders who are charismatic and add fuel to flames, rather they have in mind or not. Kenny really believes in the "cause." He believes what he does will influence in the future ... which is a bit odd, because his character seems too intelligent. But like a bunch of other seemingly intelligent men, he's sucked into the lifestyle of the gang without realizing ... until later. Then there is Ginger, a pure psycho who is not in the fight for any other reason, but because of his complete excitement that makes him a gangland-type war as a valuable asset, some might argue. However, now in this film, Ginger has held up its value, and has become a very dangerous free-throwing gun. Everything comes to boiling point, and predictably, the end is tragic. What makes this movie good is that it shows both sides of this old old conflict. Being an American, I can not begin to fully understand what the whole struggle is all about. But I know there must be a better way. Overall well-functioning, touching ... but disturbing movie.
