"What is love, what is this desire in the hearts for unity? It is not the sweetest flower, does this flower of love have the aroma of delicate fine diamonds? Does the wind love the dirt? Unlike the unlikely that it will not fail? Are you with someone tonight "Do not touch your love, take your lover's hand, relax the power inside, hear me, relax strength, try the wild cosmos whisper." When Tim Meadows created his creative SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I was galloping. When I heard his smelly ticket and fragile comments, my distances shook with indignation. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" appeared on the cable, I muttered my own notes and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and abandoned when "nothing is on" any of the 100 channels ... sigh. Yes ?? Have I been confronted with every cable torturer? watch or turn off the TV! He was there, Leon Phelps, he grinned and ... he laughed at me! What happened? Have I managed to get Hollywood's "stupid" sit-com humor? Was I so desperate to avoid the abdication of my sacred throne? The truth is, I like a "ladies man" more than me. The story of a vulgar playboy who drank cognac while bothering every female form is against my feminist feelings. What started out like raw SNL skittles blossomed before my eyes about the story of Leon and his playboy philosophy. through life "helps people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I'm Mother Teresa of Boning," solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and long-time producer of her radio show "The Ladies Man". And you're kidding. Leaving a string of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages almost all Chicago to bed and breakfast. The fact that he does so with such a good will is his business card in his life. Our self-proclaimed "Expert in the Way of Love," is able to get into a lot of trouble with her husband and girlfriend. One such spoiled husband, Lance (Will Ferrell), is the club "Laughter victims Ass, USA" which promises to catch our dear don Juan. "Oh, yes, we'll have revenge," he steps with his cohorts, in a show-stopping dance number. Plus, it's so full of pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the pub owner and the smooth storyteller Leon's Odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a bunch of money. (Where did he hide?) But would I like to choose this movie as Valentine's Day? Leon's search for that easy life changes him in so many deep ways - that I must nod to our "Ladies Man". That he can, with the movie, be close to finding real happiness with one woman, and despite offering his extraordinary advice is a dream thing!
