Sometimes they are lucky and hit on their hands (Wayne's world, the first, not the second). But most often they have crazy (Pat is in the mind quite fast). This time it's Tim Meadows like Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between the hit and the bagpiper. It was very fun for the first 20 minutes, but as is usually the case with SNL jumps, it starts to slow down and eventually ends long after it has been. Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a night show called Ladies Man. She answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually the worst possible way. It seems that everything eventually went to the back of the ass. After pressing the buttons, Leon and his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) shoot and have to find another job. A letter from one of his former ladies comes from a random blue. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to find all the women he was with to find the woman of her dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a partial plot of a group of boys who are all sleeping with their wife and girlfriend Leon and want to find out who he is (tattoos on his anatomy) and then kill him. Leading this group of guys is a surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. At first I thought the partial conspiracy was somewhat chrome. Singing and dancing were just totally worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but he's never been here for me. And the rest of the boys were just the buddies who joined them, and eventually everyone decided that their wives cheated, it was their fault. So back to the main story. The story basically focuses on Leon and sex. So, what you'll read is if you do not like Leon's character, you will not enjoy the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue is what the film carries. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a very good actor on the SNL. The only thing I really liked was his Ladies Man skits. But the best thing is that it's usually a guest host (remember this with Cameron Diaz?) And they were short. It was quite fun in about 5 minutes. And here, about 20 minutes, it's really fun. What I thought was good in the movie is that it remained in character. He never gave up his desire to just get the laid person. Until the end of this transformation, and the ever-present expression of bringing things together. Besides, it was quite good to keep Leo as Leon and not change him to something less crude than he was. This movie is not very important to movies if you could not guess. But as I said, I thought the beginning of the film was very funny. Somebody really laughed at a loud moment, all about sex and his indecision. The problem with this movie and most other SNL spin is that it is a character that should be displayed for only a few minutes at a time. Drawing the concept for 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously the reason why they need a partial conspiracy because without it this film would be an hour less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it was boring. <br /> <br /> So overall, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not like the rest. It had several fun moments, the first twenty minutes was pretty good, but the rest dragged. It was an unnecessary partial conspiracy whose only purpose was to extend the film. Finally, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch the movie. If you bother or bother. If you do not want to see Tiffani Theissen in some nice revealing garment. <br /> <br />
