How shallow, as it may sound, I have delayed my view of The Barbarians several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image shown here on the site) looks so incredibly gay! Now I would like to watch it earlier because the film is not so gay? just scary, cheese, camping and extremely fun! It's almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, the director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comical reception on contemporary popular Sword & Sandal fantasy films, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan films. The film opens with a stunning narrator from an extraordinary screen that introduced us to the Ragnets. Their founder once exchanged the whole mountain of pure gold for the only magically strong ruby ​​that would allow them to travel freely and approach each country as a entertainer. In other words, Ragneks are a lot of freaking circuses! Their happiness suddenly ends when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Queen of the Ragneks from Canada and is constantly trying to discover the place of ruby. Meanwhile, and as some fun time loss, the two orphaned twins Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and ready to fight each other to death. Instead, they escape and develop a plan to liberate their queen. In fact, the conspiracy is not as bad as I was initially afraid, but it is still the most fun bisexual brothers on the screen of chemistry, the crazy conversations and, of course, the absolutely fantastic monsters, like a dragon with adorable cute eyes, some kind of werewolf and zombies that accidentally appear to have jumped out of the swamp. Sound effects and make-up effects are great and our all-powerful director, Deodato, keeps an incredibly fast pace. The barbarian brother's acting skills are much better than I expected, except that one of them is constantly producing noisy sounds. Support for cast is also wonderful. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful, like the funny wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant is really charming as Richard Rhys Lynch on several occasions and beautiful Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on the film as a malicious witch with a dull hairstyle (I do not !). Last but not least, the "Barbarians" star favorite favorite Eyes in the Hills sneaks Michael Berryman as a well-known Dirtmaster. I know the image shown looks gayer than the promotional campaign for the musical version of the rise and fall of the villagers, but "Barbarians" is really a necessary emphasis on Italian exploitation.
