LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of the film, a work amplified by his modest script by writer / director Ismael Ferroukhi, which allows the natural scenery of this road trip story and sophisticated acting stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to bear the emotional impact of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is enhanced by the Katell Djian cinematography (a sensitive blend of horizons and closely photographed duets between the characters) and a musical score by Fowzi Guerdjou, who has managed to preserve some beautiful motifs throughout the film, while at the same time reminiscing many local musical variations countries of film exploration. Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with her Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western girlfriend who apparently does not follow the religious direction of her inheritance. His elder father (Mohamed Majd) decided that it would be time for his Hajj to Mecca to be unable to go, and asked Rev's reluctant to abandon his personal needs to bring him to his ultimate religious commitment. Two of them went to a fragile car to travel through France, Italy and further through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. On the way, Reda begs with his father to visit some interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey, and Reda is irritably busy with Father's demands. On his pilgrimage he encounters an old woman (Ghinu Ognianova) who joins these two men and eventually has to be abandoned by Mustafa (Jacky Nercessian), a Turkish man who promises to lead father and son couple, but instead delivers a schism by Reda drunk in the bar and disappeared, and countless patrol patrol patrols and their own agents who are holding off their progress for various reasons. Tension between Father and Son: Reda does not understand the meaning of this pilgrimage so full of trials and misfortunes, and Father can not understand that Reda is more insensitive to the religious faith and father's needs. They finally get to Mecca, where they are surrounded by heaps of pilgrims from around the world, and the feeling of a trip is stunning for Red. The way the story closes is touching and rich. She used a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between her son and father, and between defiance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is extraordinary - all the more so because it appears that the camera just "happens" to capture the beauty of many stops along the way without needing to improve with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is an outstanding actor (do not forget to see his latest and currently shows the movie "The Grocer's Son") and it's his carefully nuanced role that brings magic to this film. Another good movie from The Movie Movement is a great story. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harf
