Do you think you have any serious prospects when the premise of the film takes place mainly between two figures when traveling about 3000 miles from France to Saudi Arabia, most of them pass through Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, before coming to the Middle East. But this is not a tour and there are no stops for immersion in the monuments. <br /> <br /> Reda's father is in his twilight years and wishes to do Haj. However, because walking and taking a mulu is out of the question, he decides to travel to Makkah by car. He can not drive, so he uses Reda's help, protesting his son to get him to his broken vehicle. But Reda does not see why he should go when his dad decided for the plane. He hates the idea of ​​stopping his personal life for this pilgrimage he could not understand. That's why we went on a difficult journey with our father and son who are not the best buddies. The beauty of this film is a witness to the development of a pair of fathers and sons, the challenges faces, the strange people they encounter, they had to play in diverse weather conditions, and alternately rested among the motels and slept in the car. We see the obvious generational gaps in trying to communicate with one another, the father is trying to save his son and the son who tries to assert himself as an adult, but the circumstances we see show that Red is quite fish from the water. Through many encounters, they actually cope across all of their differences. Perhaps it is quite advisable for this film to be released last week to match Hari Raya Haji and have the opportunity to watch our protagonists join the other pilgrims in Haya. The final scene in Mecca is really a sight, and you will also feel claustrophobia and fear Reda is trying to persecute his father among the thousands of people who are gathering. Europe's sights may have deliberately not been maintained to accelerate expectations and focus on the final destination. Surely the idea of ​​telling and ringing to your loved ones how much you care for whom they are. Do not miss this, and yes, the book soon - I was pleasantly surprised that today's evening meeting was still full of the house.
