If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can emphasize that the opening, where the RAF bomber Lancaster is mortally wounded on May 2, 1945, is somewhat unlikely because German air defense was as vivid as Adolf Hitler on this day, but it is not a film that would the cynical audience should be seen, and I think the character who was literally killed in the last hours of the war is adding to the immense. In fact, you would have to survive the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpiece. Scenes from heaven are painfully exciting when we are watching today? Again, you need to see the movie context when it was made. The RAF bomber lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number of Americans lost in Nam, but in a shorter period and a much smaller number of active fighters, there was no atheist in the bar and I doubt you lost a relative during the conflict, you would consider material atheism as a reasonable thing. When the young pilot Richar Attenborough looked down in astonishment at the sight of him, many war heroes had to cry openly on this scene as they remembered the many vanished comrades who had survived the war. We do not forget that, despite the loss of several million people from 1939-45, it seems that very few people are going through Germany. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to Heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself, where the young pilot Peter Carter, who was arguing about his life before the heavenly court, would not like me if it was not for the subtext you see MATERIAL OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British Empire because it is replaced by American ambitions. It's not much that shows the film as people who are aware of American history and culture. One of them is an ethnic mix of America, and many Britons think that the US is predominantly made up of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, when in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europe". The film correctly includes a scene where many different races are "I am an American," while Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, the Anglofob, who was the first revolutionary to be killed by British forces in the American War of Independence. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future too <br /> <br /> Do not forget to watch this movie with a bit of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present. It's weird, beautiful, sad and clever, but above all, it's a movie that would never work if it's done over the past 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was in 2003 and turned around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
