After "dirty shame" I never thought I'd see another movie John Waters. The movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all of his movies would be like this. But when the DVD of this movie was re-rated in a popular magazine and said it was a great movie, I decided to try it. A few days later it was seen on television. I noticed it from curiosity, and now that I've seen it, I can say that this "Pecker" is certainly much better than "Dirty Shame." In this film, we see how young "nobody" from Baltimore becomes a nightmare in New York's artistic world. He's a sandwich shop employee who shoots his strange family or things he sees as a hobby on the street. When he keeps his first "show" in the shop where he works, his photograph will be noticed by the owner of the gallery, who loves pictures full of misery and strangeness. His photographs are sold at great prizes, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides not to go to New York any more, they will have to go after him if they want to see him more. And they do it, but what they see there is a bigger shock than they ever imagined ... It's not hard to understand why I loved this film much more than "Dirty Shame." The first reason is that this movie has a real story. This movie really has something to say and is not just meant to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of an artistic world that considers everything ordinary as art, because they do not know what reality is, is not just funny, not even so far from the truth. I think there are a lot of people who feel about this modern art. No one understands why they are doing such an uproar, but it seems we like it anyway. The second reason why I liked this movie is that this movie had much better acting. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least characters have some meaning due to performances of different actors such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci ... <br /> <br /> Overall, it's not a great movie, but thanks to its criticism and good jokes - which is never too far away - that's a nice movie. It's definitely not the best comedy at all, but I liked it much more than "Dirty Shame." I give this film 6.5 / 10.
