In front of this little black-and-white theme, the questionable crime rape never got on to the American screen. There were plenty of themes that Hollywood and the production code kept until the rebellious 60s. It is no wonder, therefore, that it would require a slightly independent society, such as the creators of Ida Lupine, to appear. The result is well-meaning, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising, as director Lupino has had to work with the requirements of the Code for the release of the film. Interestingly, Ann Walton (Mala Powers), the main problem after the attack is not how others see it, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load to bear. Will he ever be able to relate to men again? Will it look like "spoiled goods" (after all, that's 1950)? No wonder she escapes rather than face these annoyances both at home and at work, although the family and friends are generally supportive. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. Chase is uplifted to make an action on the fence, but then this is a movie - notice how intransigent a neighbor is not responding to a hurrying corner at the end of the persecution. If there were cries of warning from the side of power, a lack of reaction by the neighbor would cause an interesting, though complicating problem. The other half is largely devoted to the production code of the sentimentalized Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is (quote the phrase) that "gives her courage to face life again". Is there any attempt to humanize him-it's Ann or her dilemma she's most interested in. However, its subtle and understandable presence appears to be a bit too miraculous and a bit too hollywood. Fortunately, the end avoids the usual Hollywood explosion by emphasizing only the hope for a happy resolution for Ann than for his certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit to tackle this topic in the first place. In view of the overall results, I expect that she has been sincerely engaged in the question of how she has been allowed to do so. I also expect today's audience to see treatment as being rather interesting, mainly due to the excellent performance of Powers, which will lead a purely human race. The film, however, works best as a document of its own time and what the cultural guard dogs said the day was appropriate for adult viewing.
