Ida Lupino was one of the few women to go through the glass overhead studio in Hollywood under the studio system. Not surprisingly, she also dealt with proto-feminist themes that touched at all, and so carefully that it was seldom clear what was being said. In the movie, Outrage treats rape and its consequences, and although it is referred to as a "criminal assault" during a short film, it leaves once doubts about what has happened. Mala Powers official debut) plays a secretary in a large industrial factory; lives with his parents, but he is a crazy guy (Robert Clarke) who has just earned a profit and now is $ 90 a week. When I leave the plant one night, she finds she is being prosecuted. In the next scene? best in the movie? she tries to escape her persecutor in the forbidden maze of buildings and alleys, but fails. When she returns home, agitated and shocked, the police can not get too much of it; says she never saw her attacker (who was serving the snow truck outside the factory). She tried to pretend that nothing had happened, she would return to her job, but she fell apart, thinking that everyone was looking at her and judging her. She went into the fugue of the state, ran to Los Angeles on the bus, but she stopped to rest. <br /> <br /> When she wakes up in a strange ranch house, she learns that she was saved by Tod Andrews, the young minister in California, California. She lies on her identity and enjoys working orange packaging. They both fall in love, but for Andrews it is clear that Powers keeps a terrible secret. When a key on the corporate picnic got caught and the skull of Jerry Paris attempting to steal the kiss, the truth about her past came out .... It was a courageous film to come out in 1950, and that can explain and justify some of its shortcomings. Lupino never remembers the story of an early offensive scene, and the film moves into a loving and sentimental end that ends up talkative and didactic. Yes, Lupino had important information, but she did not trust the story to speak for herself. Her cast, pleasant, but inconspicuous and generic, were not very helpful either to return to melodramatic attitudes or to calm home. However, Outrage was a breakthrough that set the stage for later talks about what a crime really is, and what it really means to its victims.
