When I just watched this film again in 1998, which showed VH-1, I had to just describe it. The first time I saw this movie on TV was probably in 1981 and I remember from my mother's betamax. This for some reason interrupted recording in black and white, which gave him the look that I just took. <br /> <br /> I very much remember the movie that started the song "My Bonnie," as the camera went over the scene of Liverpool. I also remember the initial scene where Paul shows some girls and says, "Look, talent!" So it was with great irritation that I got into my 1998 recorded version and "remembered" that the movie opens with "She Loves You" instead of "My Bonnie". When you see how slow the camera relies on the speed of music, you can see that "He Loves You" just does not sit. Also in this "later" version, when Paul sees the girls, he says, "Look, GIRLS!" .. and somehow remembered the older version, this word did not seem to fit. Why they thought American film must be Americanized is behind me. Personally, if I watch a movie about a British band, I want all British talks and those that would be part of their speech, manners, etc. Another irritation was how the "torn" editing was for television. Just after Stu is beaten, for example, the film broke the ad for advertising. Yeah, I know it depends on the net, but it actually destroys the effect of the film to split it, as we all know. What some people may consider to be insignificant in terms of dialogue (and therefore may be okay) can actually go by explaining the specific action or scene that follows. My point is the "best" version of this movie was probably an earlier version I made since 1981, which just happened to include the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" scene that my 1998 did not do. I began to assume that there had to be two different versions for television, and the look at the "alternative version" link to this movie showed me the truth. The fact that the US version has some shorter / cut / different scenes and / or dialogue is a great disappointment for me and something worth mentioning if we take care of such things. Imo, the best solution is to try to get a European version of this movie, if possible, and (possibly even less) an unadjusted version. Unfortunately, I had to reject my old European version of betamax because I did not know how to convert it. <br /> <br /> Whatever it is, I thought this movie was one of the best films the story behind the "Beatles' birth". I realize that arts and creative licenses are often used in movies and televisions to display events in history, but I did not allow any discrepancies that could affect the film. Sure, you can see that the Beatles are playing songs in Cavern, who were thinking, "They even wrote it back then? I do not think so," but I still thought it was a great movie and performance, wonderful. <br /> <br /> True acting was in fact an actor who played John Stephen MacKenny. I just fell in love with him. His appearance, manners, personality, and speaking voice seemed to be in place. He looked as young as John to make a double exit to the end of the movie when you see the Beatles perform for the first time on Ed Sullivan. I really found out if it was real footage of Beatle until I saw the other actors on stage. If you are looking for the exact and accurate history of Beatles 'lives and beginnings, you can not get anything better than "The Beatles' Anthology," as the boys themselves have written. However, if you are looking for a fun picture of your days before the Beatlemania that lead up to their arrival in America and leave your critical rating at the door, you can not go wrong with the "Beatles" -MUST for all "real" or casual fans of the Beatle.
