I just saw "Behind the Doors in the Bedroom" and this is the first softcore movie with a solid story I've seen in a moment. We start with two neighboring couples - Vivian and James Fenway (Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington) and Lillian and Gabe Harris (Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson). Vivian seems to be a housewife, James is a lawyer running for a district lawyer, Lillian works in real estate, and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon. Do you have it all? Now we get into it. <br /> <br /> Come to Abby, beautifully played porn star Chelsea Blue. She rented the house across the street from Fenways and lives alone. At the start of the movie, James looks at his window and sees Abby playing with his girlfriend, Gigi (playing a fertile porn star, Monique Alexander), and secretly begins to ask how it would be with her. The next day, Abby meets all four, and she looks like a pretty woman who is just living in an alternative lifestyle. She goes to Vivian, who looks surprised and says, "Oh ... I ... not so." Everything seems to be fine ... until the plan moves. At first, Abby appears naked in Gabe's office and asks Gabe to get her job done. Here we get a quote from the movie: "Tell me about Gabe." "What do you want to know?" "Is Gabe happily married?" "I married." "There's trouble ... let me guess, your wife stays at home and does everything you ask, but she's a good girl." "Yes." "Is not that a bad girl?" "No." "Are there doors that have a lock?" <br /> <br /> You know what happens next ... Abby gets it with Gabe, just in the exam room. After that, she gives a little show in her window for James, who comes and does not waste any time in sex with her. What James does not know is that the piano teddy bear with a flashing red eye is really a camera that records all festivities (it's just as obvious). Abby with sex with Gabe again later, and this time Gigi will join in to make a little-way. Now that Abby has something for both men, she will ask each of them for $ 100,000 to buy her silence. Not only could she destroy James's escape, but she could destroy Gabe's practice. While Gabe and James struggle with their guilt, Abby finds time to seduce Lillian - who "experimented" with women at college. It was a long time ago, but you would not know that you would see her in action with Abby - she looked like an old professional. While Gigi goes with the plan, she seems to be a jealous of all the sex that has a girlfriend. "It's just a business," says Abby. Expression and justification will certainly follow, as well as some surprising information about Abby's true identity - it seems to do the same thing to different men in many different places. Gabe and James use this information to counter Abby's blackmail. <br /> <br /> Now, for sex. Sexual scenes were pretty good and given that all the women involved in this film except Julie Kruis have a long porn background I would have expected nothing less. Nicole Sheridan's four scenes were the best of the movie, with a three-way arrival in a close second. Monique Alexander got naked, but she was relatively tiny. Julia Kruis was the main character and she got naked with the same amount of time. I suppose that since she was surrounded by experienced professional professionals, she did not have to have so many sexual scenes. To pack, "Behind Bedroom Doors" he had a great story that improved the overall film. I find it solid. <br /> <br /> Women: A- (Nicole Sheridan was good in this movie - better than her later offer in Fred Olena Ray's comedies.) At least it can do a bit of drama. the script was not as bad as an antagonist, I would have her myself, Julia Kruis was her usual self, I wish Monique Alexander had more time in the movie.) <br /> Gender: B Solid, very strong sexual scenes.) Nicole Sheridan was almost hard, Chelsea Blue looked good in her scenes, both girl girls were not burned but warmed up on the screen.) Story: B + (I liked the dialogue and the main story. The performance of Chelsea Blue was good for this genre and I was amazed at Nicole Sheridan's drama series. <br /> Overall: B (It was a nice softcore movie, and I'm glad I could see it because I was pleasantly surprised if Chelsea Blue sometimes wanted to do more, so she would be welcomed by E. That also applies to Nicole Sheridan - although she is probably better in comedy. I do not mind hardcore girls who can act doing softcore movies.)
