I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that it was his favorite film, and that's me. Powell and Pressburger have created a seemingly simple, well-done story - the power of love against the "powers they are". His scam, however, lies in the complexity of his "it's real or it's a fictitious" assumption. In essence, it can be said that it is simply a display of the effects of war on a young, poetically-inclined fighter during the Second World War. Or is it? The question is never answered by one or the other. In fact, he never asks. This constant undervaluation is part of the film. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography even include some nice touches that show the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger has always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss, Der Rosenkavalier, about the Viennese 18th-century aristocrat. This is evident in short interludes, in which Conductor 71, dressed in his beauty, holds the roses (which appear in the sky with silver). Music has even a dreamy quality. All the performance is the first - David Niven is in his most beautiful and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. In my opinion, however, the magic of the film comes from Marius Goring as conductor 71. He basically plays the most interesting role, fulfills each of his scenes with his innocent carelessness and brightens the film. It is a pity that some of the Conductor 71 scenes were left on the floor. It's also a pity that Goring's comedic talents are seldom seen on the film, except for the wonderful videos of The Scarlet Pimpernel of the 1950s. This is by far the most important role of his film career. He is the perfect foil for the relaxed style of Niven, and his virtual excitement is so contrasting with the severity of other characters. It is ironic that even in the mid-1940s Niven played against another heavenly "messenger" played by Cary Grant in the Bishop's wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the results boring, non-energy, and unsatisfactory. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially rejecting Conductor 71. It is a good thing he gave and gave us such a beautiful portrait. The film, "commissioned" to deal with tense relations between Britain and the United States, overcomes its point towards the end. But it is disarmament in its gentle reminders of the horrors of war - numerous victims, both military and civil, the need to "continue" when facing death. There is an obvious lack of WWII "enemies" in the sky, but the shown civilians are indefinite in origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been clearer in their description, but it was not necessary. The film may not serve its diplomatic purpose as expected, but its originality has continued to inspire films and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
