I was deeply moved by this film in many ways. First of all, I just want to say that Clara Lago is the most valuable little thing! Such a pretty little girl. Her acting was excellent as well. It is the truth of life and it is very human. Although I do not like the part where they have to smoke; I hope it was just a fake element. Anyway it was absolutely amazing and the story was moving. I found myself immersed in the story and its character. It's quite interesting how I came to discover this movie actually. I was in a quarrel, and I just noticed her nice smile on the cover as I walked around. Fortunately, I looked down that this movie was! I thought, "Oh, look at her!" So I picked it up and saw that this movie was described as such amazing stuff as Little Gem. I read the conspiracy on the back and then I thought, well, maybe I would first look at IMDb and then come back and borrow it later. I'm glad I did not do it, because it certainly would not be. After looking for a movie with my boyfriend, I knew I would end up sorry for not taking this movie, so I went back to the place where I found it and set off. was on my clothes for a week because the school started for me this week and I really did not have time to watch it, but this evening was a great opportunity. I grabbed him and was stuck to beautiful cinematography, a nice score and a moving conspiracy from start to finish. I was so enchanted and I have to say that some of the parts have almost moved me into tears. I would also like to make a special mention for the young boy in this film, Juan Jose Ballesta. He was remarkable. Also an actor who played Carol's father whose name is unfortunately not listed on the web. His voice was so loving and gentle that I really felt his love for Carol. Although his appearance is not prominent, I really felt the presence of his character. <br /> <br /> This is really a wonderful movie. If you are a person who moves with light but emotional films, then it is definitely not one for you.
