Some unsuspecting movies carry a message that resonates in hours and days after viewing. This is the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully crafted 2002 film from Spain based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a screenplay. The war and its consequences are not a new topic for movies, but when the war moves in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who have to face adult lives influenced by adult players, the result is different (Clara Lago) is a 12 year old Spanish American a young girl from New York, whose critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco) returns to the Aurora house in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, a home that her father, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna), has left since the death of her wife. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple), is a fighter pilot who fought against the Franks and was seldom with his family. Aurora's past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert and Alfonso finally married Aurova's cool sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who is far away from all but her grandfather, Don Amalio, when she meets her other ages but not her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends initially refuse Carol, Tomiche are linked , what it feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora died of her illness, Carol had to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blankou (Luna McGill), yet she turned to her old father for support, and to the best mother and Maruja (always shining Rosa Maria Sardà) the differences between the classes and the nonsensical a war that holds her beloved father on her side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn to become adults, facing more trauma during the short period of war than most of us experience in life. The end, though sad, is uplifting, because Carol's path to maturity is completed. The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains exceptionally beautiful settings captured by delicate sensitive lighting by cameraman Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced musical score Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates the pathos from the spa and decides to focus the story on the children involved and makes even stronger statements about the futility and cruelty of the war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta but are supported by great veteran actors in adult roles. It's a visually stunning job with permanent news, and it should find a much larger audience than it has to date. Grady Harp
