Opening flourishes leaving me shaking with the pleasure of their ingenuity - the modified version of the Archers logo, the initial disclaimer, the way the camera rotates around the universe. It is strange to think that the same year he came out "It's a beautiful life." No great coincidence: the 1940s were flooded with a film of heaven and earth; but the glowing cotton-wool clusters and the cute angels in a competitive look broke up, something that went the most out of silence as it stood beside the vision of Alfred Junge. It still looks great, and more striking ideas appear to us. I'm not a big fan mixing color with black and white at all. One of two visual schemes almost always looks wrong when placed side by side. Not here. Powell dissolves colors into black and white and black and white in color, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of palette. Both color photographs and black and white could become self-sufficient. As for the story ... it could be Pressburger's best, or at least it would be if the conclusion was a more logical result of previous events. Other than it is tense, but the more is happening than I can describe here. Was the heavenly thing real or imaginary? (Or maybe both Carter dreams of the fantasy that was how it happened, the truth.) Everybody says we do not have to ask or answer this question, but I do not know why. I am sure we intend to ask this question. The film even gives us a glimpse of what is the answer - the problem is that there are too many tracks and they seem to be heading in different directions first. The fact that other things should occupy our attention also does not mean that it should not involve us either. There is plenty of work, as I have already said. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (a law enforcement officer) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match and scornfully says: England's voice, 1945. "Dr. Reeves (defense) recognizes the exhibition with great embarrassment and then produces one my own: a blues song from America that Farlan listens to, as if she had a lemon in her mouth, Reeves looks complacent. <br /> <br /> Snobbery, well, I do not know why snob is condemning blues music - and Powell and Pressburger When the song is playing, we get a shot of American soldiers listening to it: some of them nods head to beat, perfectly at home, they are not incomprehensible, there is something valuable on the song, neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. All audiences in English (and all Australian, Indian and even Publishers) also know without being told that cricket broadcasts are worth something, and that while Reeves thinks it is not able to explain to Farlan - since then a blues broadcast that shows that people can understand one another without sharing the understanding of everyone else. It's a clever scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma he would gain later in his career; but still, I do not think the movie has taken my heart as fast as it does after the action.
