In 2017 (although one could easily go wrong in 1987 when choosing for hairstyles and clothes), The Running Man sees the versatile good of the guy Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar), who was included for the crime he committed. After a brave prison break, he was captured and entered as a contestant at the brutal The Running Man TV show, along with several other escapees and handsome Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). <br /> <br /> Used by the totalitarian government as a way to control the masses, the show gathers convicted against a number of colorful (and often quite camp) opponents, each of which has its own unique way of killing: Dynamo ignites electricity from a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chain saws, Sub Zero has a stick with a blade edge edge and Fireball prefers a flame thrower to finish with the candidates. But these killers are not for Ben Richards, who sends each of them in a terribly terrible way (followed by mandatory jokes). By the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters, fighting the authorities and getting revenge on the host of the show, Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar ruled the universe of action movies, and he was not bad about his fan legions. The Austrian cake had a successful formula that almost guaranteed the success of the boxes for their films: comic and non-conspiracy logic plus a nice female helper plus a funny unicorn minus the actor's ability equal to massive profits. The running man faithfully followed this jerky recipe for the audience T and Arnie (mostly male teens) who got involved (including me). Now two decades later, and just finished watching the film for the first time in years, it sounds like a weird film: one completely free of technical merit, decent acting and convincing effects, yet quite entertaining. Directed by Michael Michael Glaser (best known as Dave Starsky from the 1990s, Starsky and Hutch) and adapted from the story of Stephen King, The Running Man is a cheese 80s tat that looks incredibly cheap, and very dated, although (or maybe because of) film loss has a special charm that is hard to describe. Without trying to create a realistic -future setting, the film provides a lot of unintentional giggle. See the scene in which Ben discovers Amber's secret cache of forbidden tape tapes (!); wondering about the stupidity of "futuristic" graphics used on billboards and The Running Man board games (as a graphic designer, I found it especially funny); be overwhelmed by a clear lack of convincing technological advances. A running person can be a complete waste, but it is an extremely fun complete garbage that I have no hesitation in recommending fans of Arnie and science fiction events in general.
