Did not Mystic Pizza Oscar come for that year? This movie has never had a chance due to casting but maybe people will see why I felt like leaving the theater. Only "Wargames" left me feeling like I was disturbed when I left the theater, with the feeling that I saw our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. Casting is the Cuisinart pop-culture of the eighties: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, a framed refugee offered a chance "run" for his freedom at a gaming show with the same title as the film; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treats his role as if he was hosting the Family Feud with rivals using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and fellow Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) will appear, while "Future Dancers" are none other than the Laker Girls. This movie Screams "80s." The plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence but agrees that he is a running man when he learns that his friends will be freed; instead they join him as "contestants". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard that one can correctly judge Salma Hayek in the 1990s. The production value of the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheesy and at that time), the conspiracy looked a bit far. I remember when I left the theater that we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could see how far we would go and how fast? If The Running Man was featured in the TV Guide, most people would have assumed it was just another reality show that was pushing the envelope today. Governmental influences on the media have only worsened, and the American public of the future, who forsakes all freedoms for "national security," is completely cold. Ben Richards plays brilliantly like Arnold as one of the few remaining extortions against the government tyranny that the rest of America is too willing to accept for good TV and some gifts for the audience. The film was over the top, maybe even a cliff for its time, but just like Back to the Future III, the "gorge" it seemed to sink until 1987 was replaced by completed tracks in 2006 and beyond, and this film will sail into the future as one of the more prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, like Wargames, the academy did not give this brilliant screenwriting recognition it deserves. "Serious" actors who play seriously while they are so demanding that you want to throw can get more Oscars, but it does not give them better movies than their "ordinary guy" counterparts like this one. <br /> <br /> Absolutely necessary to see.
