Arnold again showed in the 1980s that he is the king of action and one film in this futuristic film about violent play shows that no contestant will survive. But as the brand says, Arnold still has to play! The film begins in 2019, when the world economy collapsed with food and other important materials in a lack of supply, creating a totalitarian state that controls all aspects of life through television and the police state. It's the most popular The Running Man game show in which criminals are forced to survive against the "Stalkers" who live to kill them. The film opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) head of the helicopter mission to observe the ongoing disorder of food. Her supervisors order him to shoot at them, refuse to go out and go to jail, meanwhile they kill people without his help. The government accuses Richards of a massacre of giving him the name of "Butcher of Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards, together with two of William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weis (McIntyre), uncovered the detention zone in which they worked. Their trip to the underground was led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as a "butcher in Bakersfield" and refuses to help him but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want to join resistance, but rather live with their brother and get a job. He soon finds out that his brother was taken for re-education and received his apartment, Amber Mendez (Alonso). Knowing who she is, she will not help, but he'll convince her, but the cops are cursed after the airport's airport after being thrown out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a runner has trouble finding a good new blood for the killers. Damon Killian (Dawson), who hosts the show and one of the most powerful men in the country, sees Richards escaping and is able to get him after the takeover. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his buddies instead, signing the contract. You will like the part. But he soon finds out that he will join him the same way and ensure that Killian knows he will return. Runners start going through the Zones and fighting characters that are unforgettable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually Richards joins Amber, who suspected he was founded, but he was caught and threw the game as well. Together they find the underground and back to Killian and give him a farewell. Running Man is another of those great 80s of Arnold's films. The film was probably somewhat based on Steven King's book of the same name. Some said the book was better. I'm sure it's not, and I do not care that I loved the movie. As in all Arnold's films, acting is what you would expect with classic lines from Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple. But no doubt Richard Dawson is exceptional in this film. Being the real host of the game, he easily invented and created a character that was really cool. The entire movie itself is somewhat hitting the game shows and the big brother is watching you. Watch out for the fun and some old shows, "to hate the boat" among the others. Also the cast was great next to Arnold, Kota and Alonzo do not forget professor Tor Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the realistic television nonsense that's going on, they'll be better adapted, but I'm sure Hollywood liberals would do it in the movie "Evil Bush." The new DVDs had mostly bad accessories and stalkers are the only replaceable ones. Some way ACLU managed to get some of Communism into the DVD and it's a ridiculous trash that should not be near Arnold's movie about all things. Blasphemy! Overall, for every fan of Arnold, especially we grew up in the 1980s, we can not miss it. He is one of the first to see in the 1980s and it's still great. Futuristic world and humor are great. A total of 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of its best.
