A running man is often rejected as another action thriller Arnie full of blasts, bad punches and shooting, and being fair, there are plenty. People looked at it and compared it to a number of Terminators and said it was one of the poorest films of Schwarzenegger. But do it for 18 years and you will find that you can appreciate the different light. Rather than just being another unattended action movie, it works well as a TV reality parody. It's totally different from the Stephen King's book, but I doubt if Hollywood with love for promising endings and so-called "common boys" who have proved to be able to trained commandos have accepted it in his <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Ben Richards Schwarzenegger) is a policeman working in a dystopian United States where democracy is a thing of the past, and the whole country is dominated by a merger of government and media conglomerates. The economy is in tatters, food is scarce and the state keeps people scattered by producing sadistic gameshows for them to look like Jumping for dollars where people are jumping for money over the drink of frantic dogs, and the most popular is the Running Man, who takes place in the wild Damian Killian (played by entertaining Richard Dawson), where "criminals" were supposed to be persecuted by theatrical, pro-wresting-esquire "stalkers." But some are trying to talk against the government. When a group of hungry people protests in Bakersfield, California, a helicopter piloted by Richards is sent to a "calm" (ie Killing) protest. When Richards refuses to burn innocent people, he is arrested and armed for murdering people in the crowd. He is sentenced to a slave labor camp, but escapes with the help of a resistance leader (Yaphet Kotto) and escapes. His freedom, however, does not last long, and after kidnapping Amber Mendez's network (Marita Conchita Alonso) in an effort to escape those who persecute him, he finds himself again in captivity, but this time he is forced to appear on The Running Man. And there, of course, the whole movie goes into the standard Arnie mode. Richards is launched into the post-apocalyptic desert of Los Angeles (why is LA in these dystopian worlds always destroyed?) And forced to run from "stalkers" along with two other prisoners who fled him from the labor camp. Amber is also curious about Richards' protests of innocence and finds himself framed. Guess what happens to her? So, as Amber, Richards and two other guys run around, trying to avoid the stalkers, we'll soon realize that Richards is not an ordinary cop. It's Super Arnie, an indestructible army capable of collapsing evil corporate dictatorships and fighting obese men covered with Christmas lights while it's just your average American guy with an Austrian accent. Yes, the rest of the movie becomes a silly, loud, classic shot of the 80's. There are plenty of exciting combat sequences, a terrible quarrel ("Must divide" being my favorite) and a general final confrontation and a happy ending. It's a lot of fun when Killian responds to him in a typical "healthy" way of playing as a host, and some of the funniest moments in the show revolve around the contrast between his interactions with the crowd as a seemingly benevolent host (care for the damned old lady!) And the cold , a cynical man who actually does something to increase the rating. <br /> <br /> If you expect a smart movie, you will be disappointed. But if you want a great 80's, that's it. But the great thing about this movie is that it was quite prophetic. If you look at the fun we have today, you noticed how reality TV is happening today - a performance featuring people willing to give themselves anything for five minutes of glory, and producers are too willing to let them humiliate on television. It's not too far to imagine that some nasty TV envoy is trying to get the right to have people executed live on television. We had it before, but with the al-Qaeda guilty hostages that were published on the Internet. It seems that in the present atmosphere, at least some people are absolutely cool watching real death in their televisions. <br /> <br /> Due to this fact and related to the fact that everything that seems today is the recovery of the 1980s, you have to be amazed by the binoculars of this film. Of course, we have not been there since, as terrorists, rather than ordinary media, who have bought us easily available programs representing real human death, but just wondering how long it is before some exec decide whether to find a way, how to put together a performance that combines people's desire for fun and the desire to enjoy their morbid curiosity ...
