Of all the Arnold films in the mid-1980s who would think that the most important thing today is The Running Man. The cool, surprisingly realistic story of reality TV went crazy. Maybe it was far, but not so now. Not when you think about it. Nowadays, TV reality shows either scratch the bottom of the barrel or desperately lift the bar. If the next one is not the most controversial one, it's crazy. How long will it be before we really see the show as a running man? How long before we have the "court-appointed theater lawyers" or the Justice Department entertainment department? There are so many satires and intelligence in this movie that may have lost in 1987, which is desperate to see again with regard to the current state of TV shows. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is to be lying. It is no secret that government and the media are working in bills. And the masses believe what the media say to believe. It is a very frightening situation, and if you do not see a more accurate representation of the truth, we can easily accept a brutal show like Running Man in the near future. It is not a real secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It's edited and reshaped before it's broadcast, and that's what you want to see your networks see. It's usually far from real truth. Although it is rather different from the Stephen King's book (the end is completely changed), the script adapts to the typical Arnie. Yes, he has many and very corroded unicorns, and he says "I'm going back" (which he never really said when you think about it) in the worst situation, but he's still a zillion (whether ARNE or not). The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). Maybe it's not artistic, but it's still strong enough to provoke excitement, and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each set a nice look. Andrew Davis (not the director I liked) was connected to Glaser, though no matter who controls, the movie is still disturbed by the very heavy feelings of 80. <br /> <br /> First, score Harold Faltermeyer's it? ) is incredibly dated and deprives action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the movie is far too far to be convincingly set in the future. Besides what I'm thinking, the only thing I miss is a badly cut cut that will culminate. This new DVD is a million times better than the original release. Gone is the creepy picture of the mailbox. In his place is the brand new hi-definition 1.85: 1 anamorphic transmission. Colors are sparks and literally come out of the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES audio tracks are also amazing. There is constant use of spatial channels for great effect and basses are strong and powerful. Surely one of the best survivors I've ever seen. Two interesting documents, a trailer and a trick 'Meet the Stalkers' are part of this 2-disc set, which comes in a fairly elegant slip.
