I'm still the new Krimi genre and the only one I saw before I saw this was the earlier and somewhat disappointed "The Dead Eyes of London," which did not really have much hope for the rest of the genre in me. If I saw this first, it would be different, while the murderous girl is a bizarre and somewhat furious attempt to commit a crime; it's very fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that fits the scenario with so many strange and wonderful ideas and pulls it stylishly. The film begins in a lab where a mad scientist invented a new and highly poisonous poison that kills his victim and seems to die from a heart attack. This poison employs a mysterious criminal who escapes from ordinary criminals from prison to carry out his murder by using this venom (and then returns them to jail). As the name suggests, it is a nearby high school full of girls that provides most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red cloak, who is bothering about breaking his neck with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course with such a conspiracy; this is not really a serious matter and the director clearly knows that because the film has a very pronounced sense of language that is going well. The fact that there are lots of different parties to the conspiracy unfortunately means that everything is not working smoothly; though that's not a big deal, because things are pretty ticking all over the movie and there's always plenty to get the audience interested. The atmosphere is excellent and the color scheme on the display is great. The film, of course, is based on Edgar Wallace's novel that a man has great imagination; the sites used are also wonderful, and while the killer's lair, which is anchored with a number of wild and exotic animals, does not have any meaning for this plot, it will help give the film something extra "of something." You can not expect a conclusion that makes sense after all the things that happen in this movie; but the reason for murder kind has meaning and is a satisfying way to culminate the film. Overall, College Girl Murders is an outstanding mysterious movie that is highly recommended!
