Prussian gas, a killer dressed in a white wedge suit and a white-hooded hood, and the murders of college students in the hands of paid convicts who find themselves in a mysterious spirit that holds his face hidden in an office with aquariums of turtles and fish. Inspectors of Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his senior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) are certainly busy with this case. Everything seems to be around Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who has a lot of wealth at the age of 21. The girls that are focused share peace with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains the secret that SY must best think. The girl's staff seems to hide something, and some faculty members become the prey of a murderer in a disguise of a red monk's cloak, so talented that it just strangles the neck of those who have been attacked by the whip. Two prisoners are commissioned by a mysterious man to use the newly created toxic gas created by the scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was to be a currency exchange for his creation. It's a smart scheme when a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner), meets the convicts (who are hiding in a barrel) who are assisting a corrupt prison guard. When he is bound to a secret spiritual priest's room, he orders them to kill and how. Detecting this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John, because it leads them to the truth they are looking for when it comes to murder and why it's happening. Suspected of being the girlfriend of the girl's college, her author's brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, snooping gardener and Bannister. Some of them are red herrings until they are discarded, throwing a viewer after the loop each time a real spirits appear. The end has several twists. <br /> <br /> From the Krimi movies I've seen, GIRL MURDERS is closest to giallo with his colorful killer, a complicated plot that brings lots of surprises and potential suspects and sordid shenanigans among grown ups and college girl girls. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Krimi film with a covert cover of a dirty clergyman with an alligator pit (... not used), a fake biblical / water gun when it's open, heats the gas in the face of surprise victims, Greaves Royles Royce , which has locks that cause the flaps to darken the windows without revealing a passenger in the back seat, and the peep holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and swimming. Sir John could be considered to be committed because of his elusive, fuzzy behavior, and how often he undermines Higgin's ability to get to the truth (perhaps trying to get to know each other - all British inspectors who damage the case before they deal) I felt that was used as a comic relief, especially with his attempts to psychoanalyze suspicious and potential victims, often misunderstanding what he was told. Higgins, using the skills he has gained during his years as an investigator, instead follows traces / facts, often avoid Sir John as much as possible. A capable direction from reliable Alfred Vohrer, who keeps the pace of buzz with a good speed and scenario, is full of interesting characters and rich content ... the fact that so many adults who surround the hostel are suspects, whip-driven or shouted for murderous girl executions. I think it might be one of the best (if not the best) examples of the Krimi genre, because it still guesses you, one more ace it's a sleeve ... the revelation that was discovered at the very end is quite an eye - opening (and even the literal rejection of a true spiritual master pulls the strings to let it go).
