It is probably the fastest and most acoustically cast German series of "crimes" by Edgar Wallas, the cross between Dr. Mabus from the past and 60s pop thrillers like Batman and UNCLE man. He again brings a criminal villain from an earlier film that gives a stylish monastic custom and breaks the neck of the victims with a wave of deadly whips. He meets a dirty girls' school full of crazy middle-aged teachers, and with police officers who have gone crazy with their mountains, it is surely a return to those surprisingly politically incorrect times. There is a clear link with a later film based on Wallace, an excellent giallo "What happened to Solange?" Which also applies to pupils who are damaged (and damaged) by their elders. Almost fit for the theme of monks, the villain of the master mind uses Bible biblical bibles to deal with some deadly blows, and also keeps the mold full of mold to entertain his tied audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most prominent and visually glamorous series directors, and here is the real star show live color cinematography. Monk appears in a scaly scarlet cloak and cloak, tastefully shining a glistening white whip while appearing in the background of a purple night. There is also a voyeur-friendly turquoise pool that looks great as a shining environment for nubil students and as a shadowy background for one of the murderous scenes. The "kicker" tag hiding the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite unforgettable. And for fans of retro-music there are fine brass and crazy scores. The fans of the series will definitely miss these later films, lacking Eddie Arent's character. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John takes over the role of the canyon, convinced he has mastered criminal psychology after several night classes. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also tried to make bigger and better things. Criminals have lost at this moment their hostile subversive spell, and now they are working on a much more spectacular level of pop culture that makes this person quite accessible to uninvited viewers.
