This film is one that played very well in 1932 and probably will not work today, because its style is a little old-fashioned and conceived. However, if you are a person like me who loves older Hollywood movies, you will reduce the movie a little relaxed and you can enjoy it for what it is - an interesting soap. The movie is set in the Pregnancy Compartment. There are about half a dozen beds in this large room where women are expecting birth - but doctors worry about possible complications (yikes - such a room would really traumatize mothers!). And as a "Love Boat" or "Fantasy Island" episode, each mother has a special story. With so many extreme and crazy stories, you have to stop mistrust. I could have a bit of a movie. <br /> <br /> Here are a few stories: One includes the father. You do not see your mother, but it's a very, very nervous father and part of comic relief. However, it was great here - very touching. Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case. Loretta is sent to the hospital from prison - apparently she killed some terrible guy. You do not know exactly what happened, but you assume he was trying to force her! Still, she was awarded 20 years in prison - and her husband is married to her and is as close as possible to her side. Glenda Farrell is a terrible person. My mother's hamster - really bad and alcoholic hamster! She is quite funny and worth seeing most of the movie. I loved her drinking from a bottle of hot water filled with gin, just as he was upset when he learned he could not make money selling his twins! Late in the movie, it has a typical Hollywood-style heart change that should be touched - I've found it conceived. There is a woman who gave birth to a stillborn child. Wonderfully, after the words, they gave the lady back to the same department as the women waiting to give birth! The crazy woman you lost a child from a psychiatric unit. He insists he has a baby. Later he escapes again and actually takes one of the children! <br /> <br /> There are most stories than those, but the ones I mentioned are the main ones. As I said, it's a soap operatic operation and it's very fun - and quite sad with a few stories. The end, in particular, is heart-breaking and exceptionally well done. There have been some particularly good performances - mainly Farrell and Aline MacMahon as chief nurse. Overall, it's a very good movie - and I have no idea why they thought the film had to go back a few years later (which was typical of Warner Brothers).
