Life begins and ends in a typical maternity / recovery department in 1930 where we look at the lives of several high-risk pregnant women who play Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunty Em ???), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree Gloria Shea because they are waiting for childbirth. While the film represents a conspiracy of devices that are far from attracting today when maternity wards are much more controlled and limited, it gives us a look back in time to find out what parents in a typical city hospital in 1932 were like for our grandmothers and great grandmothers . I found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving. <br /> <br /> The most spectacular performance of this film is a male actress, young Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, husband Grace (Loretta Young). What actor! As the first father, Jed is upset and restless with hospital staff who seem to leave his worries about his wife because they could thwart the crumbs from the dinner table. I felt all his worries. I would like to see another actor's work. He had a very emotional voice that was accustomed to an unforgettable effect in Gone With The Wind. In that film, Eric played a young soldier whose leg was amputated without anesthesia, who screamed, "Scratch!" As Scarlett escaped from the hospital in horror, and another cool performance was Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, a nurse, whose character is salt the kind of nurse we all hope we get for our hospital stays that continually violate hospital rules to show a more humorous side of the medical profession. Loretta Young has also done another great acting work, and Glenda Farrell played her role as a scary mother a little over the top of my tastes (in 1932 nobody knew that the rocking of the brandy from hot water bottles can be dangerous to the health of unborn babies), but her character will eventually be redeemed as well as Gilbert Roland, the silent movie star, as a mournful Italian husband. His time on the screen was short but remarkable. Life begins is a necessary precursor, trying to catch it at TCM, but do not forget to bring some hankies to cry. 9 out of 10.
