It is a testimony to the unbelievable film work of Gosha that he was able to complete Hitokiri and his stunning masterpiece Goyokin in the same year 1969. And it is a proof of how he criminally underestimated that he remains for the general public (compared to the media of the lover like the great Akira Kurosawa) that Hitokiri and Goyokin received less than 500 votes between the two. Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: Mad Dog Killer, Faithful Clan Tosha and Their Boss Takechi, who played another genre man, Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the Emperor from a shocking shogunate. The historical background is quite accurate - with Japan's growing political turmoil between the imperialists and Tokugawa, and the West's pressure to end the 300-year-old social and political isolation. It helps a lot to know one or two about the history of Japan and what eventually led to the restoration of Meiji and the abolition of Tokugawa Shogunate, but that is by no means essential. The film was made primarily for the Japanese audience, so certain things are a matter of course, but it also flows very well for the unofficials. As one could expect from the film Hideo Gosha in his golden years of the late 1960s), the visual palette is breathtaking, using the outer and inner symbolism behind the picture beauty. However, Goshu's style is never decorative - he's always employed in the story. <br /> <br /> And talking about the story, Hitokiri dominates both literally and figuratively the main Passion flower of Izo Okada. Like most chambara protagonists, Izo finds himself in a moral double bond, torn between giri (duty) and ninjo (natural impulse) - although it takes a while for him to realize exactly what his giri is. In the first half of the film, Izo is seeking social suicide. The noble aspirations of social status and marriage to the daughter of the aristocrat - a great advance for someone who comes from the background of a farmer in the rigid 19th-century social casket Japan. <br /> <br /> The turn for Izo is when he realizes the price of himself, the loss of identity and the loss of himself. At this point he is going through a very symbolic transformation from the famous swordsman from the Tosha clan to the "noble" drifter without a past or future, Toraz Vagrant. Although not technically rated and not a genre drifter in the form of Yojimbo, it is the loss of his former self and the demise of ego, ambition and self-dillusion, which allows Isa to see things as they are and to redeem themselves. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I will not reveal here) in the best way the story can end: positive and negative with a deeply ironic twist that gives Jessus the last laugh, the last sardonic note of death.
