Hitokiri (referred to as the "assassination"), a / k / and "Tenchu", roughly referred to as the "divine punishment") will show Hideo Goshu at the top of his form. Do not miss this or Gosha's other Goyokin classics! Hitokiri is not just one of Gosha's best films, it's one of the best "samurai / chambara" films ever produced, and maybe even one of the best Japanese films ever exported. Please note that all the complex details of Hitokiri's drawings can be a bit difficult to track for those unfamiliar with the 19th century history in Japan. Even so, the basic human race is obvious and open to all viewers. According to the Gosha standard, Hitokiri offers yet another variant of his traditional theme of "loyalty to him" and "does the right thing". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication that he really is the _the_ film to be seen (along with Goyokin, of course). I suppose it will fall apart as follows: If you want an easier, more action story, you might want to see Goyokin. But if you want a more attentive, multi-layered (though gloomy) drama, check it out. <br /> <br /> (OK, basically historical culture is a massive driving force among many different samurai clans who are either (1) working on reform, yet preserving the Tokugawa Shogunate and (2) those attempting to install the Emperor Meiji as the highest ruler of Japan. Of course, these clans working "behind" Emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than in ensuring that their own clan gained more power in the "new world order." Ironically, the feudal system has been officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government ... irony - it makes the whole conspiracy much worse. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Hitokiri from other Gosha films is Gosha's mature sense of cinematography. Each show is thoughtfully composed and (like Barry Lyndon of Kubrick) every film of the film could have its own composition. Of course, this is typical Gosha. Hitokiri is truly stunning with stunning backdrops, including (as with Goyokin) many undemanding sea areas. Just look at the initial sequence and you're on! Do not be mistaken, this is not the English period: Hitokiri is extremely violent (do not say you have not been warned). What else besides the awesome camera, does Hitokiri stand out? The performances seem to me a little finer in this. Katsu Shintaro (Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor Glory) becomes a stellar performance as the protagonist / anti-hero Okada Izo. Katsu is able to instill humankind into a character that seems to be almost a wild animal than a villain. Throughout the movie, you are never quite sure whether you are a bestial or rebellious character of Okays. At the same time, Katsu's rendering of Okada's stupid hunger for reverence, and his later pathetic attempts at redemption, seem to be so human that you can not help but feel empathy / sympathy. Of course, when he saw Nakadai Tatsuya playing the tortured hero in "Goyokin," it's great to see him playing such a ruthless villain in Hitokiri. It's just perfect, there's nothing more! <br /> <br /> As the last note, perhaps more interesting for fans than for casual fans, do not miss the last look of the screen Mishima Yukio (yes, a closed gay right-wing ultra-nationalist writer who committed suicide from the side of a seppuku in front of a crowd of shocking Japanese military personnel , who "kidnapped" in 1970 and made a film about his life and the work of Paul Schrader), who really does a pretty good job, honest (for murderer) Shinbei Tanaka.
