Another Pokémon movie hit the theaters and again I heard the same old one: "The Pokémon is dead, blah blah." Defended franchisees can not be wrong. Children still play the game with trading cards, they are still watching the TV series, waiting for Game Boy Advance games and wanting to see the "Pokémon 4th film". The "Pokemon Fourth Movie" features two more "legendary" Pokémon: Suicune, "Northern Wind" Traditions and Celebi, Forest Guardian (and Star of the Show). Celebi is transported alone and boys called Sam 40 years into the future, to this day when coach Pokemon Ash, his loyal Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends as they discover a second love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with a peak is a great moment). Together, they choose to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, a Team Rocket agent appropriately named Vicious, who is hell of being captured by capturing Celebi for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have a bigger part in this movie than before? And who is Sam, really? As with the first 3 movies, if you go to the movie and decide to hate it automatically, whether simply because it's Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger sibling / et cetera you "), then you will hate him because you have chosen to hate him. That may be, but I blindly delete the "Pokémon Fourth Movie" simply because it's a Pokemon movie, and especially without seeing it, it's just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every last detail of the Pokémon world. I'm not saying that you will become a fan of Pokémon from this movie, but you really can enjoy it if you leave. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokémon films, "Pokémon 4 Film" distributes Miramax, which I've heard is also working to secure the rights to the 5th Pokémon film released this summer in Japan. Miramax says he has some boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for the "Pokémon 4th film," but all I've seen is a faint limited release that does not include the usual Pikachu at the beginning that I really looked forward to this time. I hope Miramax shows that it is advisable for Pikač's short, called "Pikachu's Exciting Hide and Seek", at least for the release of DVD / VHS, if not with the forthcoming wider edition of "Pokémon 4th Film". I hope that the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining film.
