At the end of the 1930s and early 1940s, the golden tower for adventure films, with the rise in budgets during the economic recovery, changes in entertainment on the screen since the production code became forced, and the general carefree optimism of the times. While most of them were furious cries about wild, superhuman, and often frankly misogynistic explosions of heart horror such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in its focus, scale and tone. The secret of Gungy Din is the division of labor in his writing team. The original story is Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of Hollywood's most famous and famous golden writers. But the script itself was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom, especially Guiol, had a comedy. What we have gained from these four is a conspiracy that is well balanced and engaging, but also cleverly spiced with comic touches. Most adventure films of this time were, at least in part, comedies, mostly with one or two comic aiding players, but they did not use laughter in the way Gung Din did. Here all the main characters are capable of being objects or joke writers. We see that the sinister threat of bad people suddenly dispersed as the scene crumbles in a reckless battle. The first major combat scene is a uniform mix of actions and gags, in the style of the silent witches Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that Flynn and Power were very unable to replicate. In the middle of Gung Din, the action must necessarily last, and there are many intricate scenes for the plot. However, constant intrusions into a comedy? such as a spiky routine? making this "slow" part tolerable. Producer-director George Stevens was natural when he came to such things, he himself scraped his teeth in Hal Roach studios and almost exclusively directed the comedy to this point. This was his first full-on action feature, and he's doing a surprisingly good job. Especially its use of moving views from perspective outlook makes battle scenes extra exciting. Does it also bring something you rarely see in action pictures of this era? a sense of real fear and fear. It sets this up with these deep and prejudicial mountains that dominate many clippings and obscure characters. Illustrations of an abandoned village and Thuggee culture shout "Kali!" is really scary. This dimension of fear plays into all the other emotions that work here, and we are compelled to be afraid of these sympathetic figures and to make coma relief. <br /> <br /> The real touch of genius is the way the audience is introduced to the audience. We learn from Din visually because he is shown in a number of scenes before someone really takes care of him or speaks to him orally. For this reason, we feel that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable character for us, and he is certainly sympathetic because we see him as risking his life and giving water to dying people. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are for no one capable of casting. Do not be afraid because Gung Din has a top! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideal for the material because their best roles were generally found somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant is especially in his best, most credible but only occasionally penetrating top, which is his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not entirely in line with the standards of his heavy associates, but he is by no means bad. And, of course, Sam Jaffe, cursed by his appearance, to play forever this furious little spell, but who else could play with such dignity and humankind? I did not try to cover up the adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and many of their photos are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din is doing things that even the best of them can never achieve. Not only does he get rid of an exciting male head or kneeling defiant girl, but successfully combines the action genre with comedy and horror, either before or after a few pictures. And that's wonderful.
