The storyline that behaved like a great soldier and saved the lives of hundreds, if not thousands, is narrated in 1939's "Gunga Din". He comes freely from the poem Rudyard Kipling, is great director George Stevens and stars Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen. Sam Jaffe, known in my time as Ben Casey, Dr. Sam, plays the title role. Zorba, a name that has become synonymous with a large, out of control hair. Tell Dr. Zorba Hair to someone from my generation and they know what you're talking about. <br /> <br /> In India, during the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic, temperamental characters in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a big lug - are snipers - are actually three overgrown boys. Gunga Din is a carrier of water that McChesney (McLaglen) treats somewhat seriously - but Steve (Grant) loves him. When he grabbed Din (proclaimed Deen) to train his soldier to walk around and greet when he decides that the unit during their maneuvers, Cutter gives him several pointers. A cheerful group of Musketeers breaks out when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces that she is about to marry a beautiful young woman (Joan Fontaine) and leave the service. However, when Gunga Din and Cutter run through Thugees, a murderous cult led by a guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din escapes to warn the units, and Ballantine insists on re-ranking to help save Cutter. After all, it's a movie movie. "Gunga Din" begins with carefree play, with slapstick and wonderful, wide comedy, especially from Cary Grant, which is quite funny. As he and Fairbanks are so handsome, it's hard to decide which one to look at first. Much of the film is made up of huge action sequences that are very exciting. In the last part, the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense, thrilling battle. Grant has the most famous role, Fairbanks is romantic love and McLaglen as McChesney, mostly due to his treatment of Gung Din, is the most unlike character, though one recognizes his subtle heart in his love for his elephant Annie. Its softness comes to the end of the film, especially in the very touching, torn final of the scene. <br /> <br /> Always a gentle and sympathetic actor, Sam Jaffe gives a beautiful performance like Gunga Din, a simple, brave man with a big smile, strong imagination and noble dreams. Without a clear dialogue, Jaffe will surprise the soul of Gungy Din magnificently. This is a really perfect adventure film, massive in scope, with a good actor, exciting scenes, a wonderful musical score and some beautiful movie pictures. Another of this remarkable year 1939. Highly recommended.
