The film was filmed in Movie Flats, just off Route 395, near Lone Pine, California, north of the Whitney Portals road. You can still find spraying cement and iron beams over the rocks where the assemblies were built. And you know the area of ​​any Randolph Scott movie. I will not be bothered by the story because I'm sure it's covered elsewhere. The film made three athletes - Fairbanks Fils, who had to learn a lot from his dad - Granta, the acrobats in his youth - and MacLaughlin, a professional boxer from South Africa. Their physical skills are on the display. <br /> <br /> There is no time when this movie should be taken seriously. These are Thuges, a sect in India, from where our English word "thug". I can not go through all the luck of this film, but I should probably point out that director George Stevens was a polymate with backgrounds in Laurel and Hardy films - see his choreography of battle scenes - and went on to endlessly dissolving Shane and Anne Frank's Diary. The Dynasty rose and fell. The geological epochs came and gone, while Liz Taylor and Monty Clift kissed in "Place in the Sun". Here's a great way of doing it in comics. This is a story of male ties and it would be easy - too easy - to read homoerotism into how many people do with Howard Hawks. Or hatred for women. But it is not at all. Sometimes things on the screen do not deserve heuristic attention. Men will create bonds by working together so that women do not. (Women share secrets.) Read Deborah Tannen, no one has any idea of ​​antifeminism. Well, when you think about it, it should evolve evolution. For most human history - about nine tenths - hominids were hunters and gatherers, and men tend to hunt and women gather. Hunting is more effective as a team. Men who were not very well connected were Darwinists, so men who have a lot of team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks and MacLaughlin got it on top. I apologize for evading evolution, but I'm an anthropologist and it's occupational disease. Have I ever told you about a horse in the city of Vaitongi, Samoa, who slipped over the cement and fell into my bath? You have to watch the hooves. Joan Fontaine is really beautiful. She knew her later only in her later years and wondered why there were so many films. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister Olivia DeHavilland grew up and went to a monastic school. Nice place. <br /> <br /> When you skip this awesome live chronicle of the British Empahh at its height, you should never forgive. He is so famous that he is parodied in Peter Sellers' "Party". Yes - Colonel must know.
