For years, I thought this comedy about becoming a service is John Ford's product, especially with Victor McLaglen as one of the leaders. Surely he has the same harsh humor Ford made with his films. <br /> <br /> To my surprise, I learned that it was George Stevens who really did. I still refuse to believe that this film was not offered to John Ford, but it was probably made by Stagecoach in Monument Valley. Victor McLaglen along with Cary Grant and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. playing three Sergeants in the Indian Army who have a nice friendship between their buddies / buddy / buddy. But the old gang falls apart because Fairbanks is engaged to Joan Fontaine. No, when his two friends helped, they helped and prompted the regimental beast Gung Din as Sam Jaffe played. Rudyard Kipling's poem served as an inspiration for this RKO film about the life of the barracks in British Raj. Comic playing is so good that it overshadows the incredibly racist message of the film. Not that the creators were racist, but that was the assumption of the British at the time, including our leaders and Gung Din that shows it most efficiently. The British took India's gains, traded here and there with local rulers under the weak Mogul emperor, who was pacified in the middle of the 19th century. They drove very little of India, it would be impossible. Their rule depended on the original units you see here. Note that soldiers can not rise above the rank of the body, and Gung Din is considerably inferior to that. <br /> <br /> Note that the rebels are in fact Hindus, not Muslims. There are so many charges of this religion that exist in Christian sectors, and this strange cult was quite real. Of course, those who are strangled may not have the same opinion as the liberators. But as long as India does not organize its independence movement, until the congress party happens, these people are the voice of free India. But whatever you cut it, strangling people is not good. and the British also had their opinion here. When I look at Gung Din, I think of Star Trek and the reason why the primary directive came into being. Cary Grant has to play on her real acting acting, instead of the city of Cary that we're used to seeing. Fairbanks and McLaglen will take great care of their role. The best actress role in the film is Eduard Ciannelli as a guru, the head of the cult of strangulation. Notice the fires and passions in his performance, blowing everyone else out of the screen when he is he. The popular scene in Gung Din is Ciannelli exhorting his troops in their mountain temple. Note how Stevens gradually darkens the background around Ciannelli until everything you see is not the eyes and teeth like a horrified Halloween mask. Scary, terrifying and very effective. Just after the action of this film at the end of the nineteenth century, more and more British public began to question the basic assumptions of justifying Raj. But that's the subject of Gandhi. <br /> <br /> Gunga Din is still a great movie, fun and fun. It should show through the passage to India and Gandhi, and you can map how the independence movement of India evolved.
