Anyone with a little boy in a house that does not watch black and white movies should put it on their television set. When the child goes through, thinking about everything on the screen is shouting and shooting, tell him that this is a picture for adults and that he is not big enough to watch them. Keep it for a few minutes; director George Stevens and his team keep it up to the end. I think my dad has done it to me, and I'm better for him. This classic adventure yarn, located in India during the British occupation, contains a trio of army sergeants who find their close connection facing dissolution when preparing for their wedding. Help comes in the form of the evil Thuggia revolt that the soldiers agree on. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" was one of the best films that came out of the best Hollywood years of 1939. Even more than most great movies from this Golden Year is fun in a very instant and accessible way. The theme of music is instantly humorous nirvana. While filming in California, the camera is working (the only thing in "Gunga Din," which has earned so many Oscar nominations), has a wind that feels very similar to Raj a hundred years ago. Combat scenes are shot in a very realistic way, not too violent, but very chaotic when people fall and shoot and run in every corner of each slide in a way that feels real does not act like some biblical defeat. Cecil B. DeMille. br /> <br /> The scenario not only sets action scenes but also develops the relationship of three sergeants with great humor. The main focus is on Sgt. Cutter, the pursuit of great treasures of gold treasures. He is a unique actor for Cary Grant, and his lightness is for a movie that never gives up serious, even when tensions develop. Anchoring the trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who overwhelms her elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from her own bunny schemes. It's just as funny in its way, so Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., portraying some pretty Errol Flynnish dash) like a loving interest and grounding enough to know he needs to grab his boyfriends and grow up. If "Gunga Din" was Lifetime, it would be Joan Fontaine's efforts to save his man from his two lost friends and their skulls by crushing hijinks. But because it's a guy movie, the emphasis here is on how the trio must stay together and save Ballantine from the fate that is worse than death, not just marriage, but also how Cutter is indignant at times several times, <br /> Police on Political Correctness is difficult for this film, not so much for a gender question, but for the idea that British soldiers are saving poor Indians from malicious Thuggies. Desolate colonial justification. Fortunately, this film was monetized when the producers felt that there was no need to explain the obvious liberalism in the heart of the film that these three sergeants, so full of inclination and false racial pride, had to be rescued with the rest of their army by a modest bhasist that only one of the three had the time to ask for their consent. After all, for all his glory, it's a real sacrificial power that's about the title character that Sam Jaffe played so deeply. <br /> <br /> When the film was shot, the movie mogul Jack Warner had a chat: You want to send a message, use Western Union. Still, the news seems to be quickly and angry at "Gung Din". I'm looking at the film now and wondering if the audience wanted to wonder what Gung Din really did when he led Cutter to the golden temple. Did he really retaliate against his British rulers? Would he be justified in this, especially given that MacChesney is cold with him? When Colonel Weed once brought this magnificence, Rudyard Kipling's poem on which the film was freely founded was a nod to the imperial foolishness, through someone who turned out to be a "better man than I" end? What they did from the great speech of the Guru, who was in perfect English: "You swore an oath as soldiers who died for the belief that is your country, England. I can die for my country and your faith as easily as you ... India , farewell. <br /> <br /> Of course the same character also instructs his brutal followers: "Kill for love to kill! Kill for love Kali! Kill! Kill!" Which means we are allowed to hate and rouse for the British and to save ourselves questions about what this means for later. What Gunga Din means is the most fastest, safest 90 minute video ride for me. Cutter has never found his golden temple, but we've all watched "Gunga Din" for all of us.
