I would like to give this film 10/10, but in the current state I can only go to 8/10 peaks. Post-Code editing (reading: destruction) of this movie guarantees a 2-point demerit. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of film history, Baby Face was probably one of the two films that finally broke the camels back and brought full anger and enforcement of the production code in 1934. (I do not know what the second movie is .) As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never allowed to be re-released after 1934, which was sliced ​​and edited to bits, and no original versions are known today. The best thing we see today is the version shown by TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but it's a spectacular editing in several scenes and at the end has a really disappointing "happy ending". <br /> <br /> Everything that was said, the movie is still pretty darned great and lots of fun watching. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and beautiful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she owns the whole movie! He plays the woman that people have enjoyed him all his life, starting with the father who takes it to local steel workers from Erie, PA and local politicians, and if you do not stop Speakeasy I'll let you sleep with my daughter. "When my father dies in a fiery explosion near the start of the movie, Stanwyck's smile is invaluable, and after a fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and heads to New York City, focusing on the skyscraper, and literally starting to work at the top, starting with a staff member in the Personnel Department and sleeps with him in order to get an entry position at the bank, from where he sleeps with a man to a man (including a very young John Wayne) who helps each new person to get a higher salary job on the upper floor of a skyscraper, with increasingly strong men boss Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulating her, she-vixen in the role of Stanwyck in her upbringing to the top, it is very fun to see her and her maid in ever smarter apparel and suites when Stanwyck is working on the corporate chart. If you watch this movie, I recommend stopping when you see Ge orge Brent's character (Courtland Trenholm), die in Stanwyck's arms, skip the remaining 3 minutes! The "Happy End" at the end of the postal code audience is offensive to audience intelligence and cramped over the credibility: Bank Board members sit around the table and reveal the millions of dollars donated by Mrs. Mrs. Trenholm Bank and how they live happily but poor in Erie, VP Trenholm, who is now working in steel plants - cuts exactly the same record from the steel mill we saw at the beginning of the movie - "End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW TO SAY! The film originally ended with George Brent, who succeeded in suicide attempt. I think the end suits the overall mood of the movie much better than the fading after the code has ended. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that during my revelation I will print the original pre-coded version of this movie lifetime (update: the original was found and should be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before we finish the lame-post code.
