This is one of the most important and most important films of the so-called "Pre-Code" created in Hollywood during the 1930s. Unlike some of the pre -code films that have sometimes faced topics that would never have been released after 1934-5, this film has completely plunged from the beginning to the end into a very sordid but fun plot. Conventional morality of the late 1930s and 1940s was not unmistakable in this film because the film is essentially a captivating woman who sleeps the road to the top - and without any justification. This "wide" both enjoyed sex and used it on any man who could help her get rich - something you would never see in movies made two or three years later. The film begins by Barbara Stanwyck working in her father's speakeasy. In addition to being her boss, she is also her pimp and encourages her to sleep with a local government official to enable him to operate with impunity. While it is not particularly clear, it seems that Dad has long rented his daughter's body for a long time. However, after being almost raped and attacking this man by breaking a bottle of beer his skull, Barbara has enough and leads to a big city. It will not hurt that she still exploded and killed her father, but her feeling that she was running herself out and had nothing that would turn out to be an impulse to move. Despite depression, Barbara uses sex to get a job at a huge mega-bank. It's a pretty good job as a clerk, but in a space that looks only a couple of weeks, he sleeps from one job to another to the next - until he sleeps with the head of the bank and his future son-in-law! It all ends in tragedy, but Babs does not seem overwhelmed by the death of these two men. In fact, a little later, he can insinuate himself into the life of the New CEO and is once again at the top (maybe more than one). Meanwhile, it's a wonderful movie so far because he was so frantic and rude. Barbara played 100% of the sociopath - a woman without morality and conscience - just the desire to push as much of life as if no matter who hurt the process. However, brave writers and producers "stole out" and thought it important to tap the redemption end. Since this woman was so bad and irritated, her heart change at the end was a great disappointment and she lost a lot of the movie. In many respects, it reminds me of the end of the JESUSU - as again, the bad guy somehow "sees the light" and turns into an unconvincing conclusion. My advice is to watch RED-HEEDED WOMAN and DOWNSTAIRS. RED-HEADED WOMAN resembles a BABY FACE, but at the end it has no magical transformation - the leading lady is really skunk deep! In the movie DOWNSTAIRS, which resembles a RED-HEADED WOMAN, the roles are reversed and the man (John Gilbert) plays a similar breathtaking temper. Both are classics and a bit better than this movie. This film is the amazing curiosity of a short period of often very shabby movies in Hollywood, and in this light it is worth seeing for Cinephiles. Also, The Duke fans note - John Wayne plays a very small role in the film and it is very unusual to see the very young Wayne playing such a conventional role.
