Director Alfred Green's "Baby Face" melody with Barbara Stanwyck is one of the most famous films in front of the code. These films arose before the Code of Business Code was issued in 1934. In 1934, film director Gene Markey "Inspiration" and director "Midnight Mary" Kathryn Scola wrote a screenplay based on the story of Mark Canfield. a girl who used her sexual charm to gain wealth and position in society. By the way, Mark Canfield was the pseudonym of producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These pre-code films today look mercurial, but they have sparked controversy and included much more colorful material than most films until the late 1950s when the Codex began eroding. The topics that filmmakers explore are women versus men, women versus women and women versus society. Our lucky protagonist makes so much cowardice that all the themes are the same. Lily's worthless father, Nick Powers (Robert Barret of the "Drum Drums"), runs the illegal Speakeasy bar during a ban, when thirteen add-ons forbid alcohol, and cooks his own booze in the far back. Nick is such an unpleasant man that he smuggles his beautiful but hardworking daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck of Night Nurse), but Lily refuses to help her father with an unpleasant local politician. Politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of "Private Detective 62") promises to be rewarded for Lily refusing to accept him. Nick chews up his rebellious daughter later. Lily is reading it. "Yeah, I'm a tramp and who's to blame?" "My father, you start a fool of me, nothing but men, dirty, dying men." And you're lower than any of them. Once Nick strikes, when he's still bursting out, he'll kill him. Lily and her African-American girl Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") wrap their bags and plan to ride the first freight city. <br /> <br /> Soon our heroes will come to New York before Lily uses her magic to get a job at the bank. Visually, director Green shows Lily's smart climbing up the ladder with camera angles that move upward until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point Lily divorces marriage between banker officer Ned Stevens and his fiancé Anna Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") when Stevens almost fired her for flirting with her boss, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille "His Wives") in the staff's lounge. Lily is incredibly clever and can get out of any debacle better than before. The board of directors hires Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to take over as president of the bank. Trenhol's first thing to pay is to pay Lily instead of letting her publish her diary records of higher fluctuations at the bank. In addition, Trenholl delivers Lily to a Paris office where Lily does not cause any disturbance until Trenholm arrives and becomes romantically attached. Lily fights with the tooth and the nail for everything she has gotten and hates to throw it away, but she eventually sacrifices everything for her husband. Ironically, Lily is returning to the same city, she started, but Trenholm is now happy. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the top five films in front of the code. Look at John Wayne dressed in suit and tie in one scene.
