Preliminary version of the 1933 "Baby Face" would become an ideal introduction to the company seminar on sexual harassment. A professor from Nietszche is aware, Lily Powers is based on a life where she feels an easy virtue in her father's speakeasy to quickly climb the corporate chart at a big bank. Given that each ladder line is powerful with his brain under his belt and his ethics locked in the vault, the film has no victims, except for Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an exploitative exploiting father. The devastating relationship with her father suggests that Lily has a hidden motive for men to go on regardless of their destiny. While Lily is cynical and apparent in her approach, the men she targets are willing to betray their wives and fiancés to traffic in sexual favors. Perhaps the bank failed in the 1930s owed less economy than morally corrupt managers scattered by ambitious women. The conspiracy moves fast and the camera moves from window to window along the facade of the office building as Lily rises higher. Barbara Stanwyck appeared in heavy hard work and is in the highest form. Sentiment does not interfere when she is ready to go to the next floor. Only her African-American confidant, Chico, will receive Lil's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, played by Chico, had those men who threw fur and sheds on it. Stanwyck often seems too balanced and firmly compared to Harris. Despite Stanwyck's tough behavior, obvious tactics and artificial face, however, he managed to leave a trace of frightened and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and young John Wayne. The preferred version of "Baby Face" is a 76-minute restored cut. The edited version of the movie shuffles sharply from the hard facts that resumes and explains longer cuts. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under his name, intended to teach a quote from Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite the lectures and councils of Alphonse Ethier that Lily could not be defeated by life, Lily had power and money probably more owed to her upbringing and father than to a mentor professor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. Short, fast and fun, "Baby Face" is just as contemporary in its moral as "Wall Street". Substitute Gordon Gecko for Nietszche and Lily could say that her philosophy is "greed is good".
