BABY FACE is one of the better "forgotten" movies in front of the code. It was shown yesterday night after the 1931 version of WATERLOO BRIDGE on the TURNER CLASSIC NETWORK, so I was able to watch the movie as it is now with four more minutes it restored. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck lives in the eastern part of St. Louis (where she might have seen drunk parents "Myra" - Mae Clarke - in WATERLOO BRIDGE). Her father is Robert Barrett. She had lived with him since the death of her mother and (in a renewed dialogue) had taken her from the age of 14. She is now in the waitress and waitress, closest girlfriend Chico (Theresa Harris), an African American servant who has been harassed by Barrett. It is one of Stanwyck's two good points that he still keeps his father on Harris and threatens to leave when Harris shoots (and since they are crunchy laborers like Nat Pendleton, who like to see Stanwyck, the taste of a hooch who serves Barrett has to listen to her.) One guy who comes to the regular speakeas that Stanwyck likes is the shoemaker and intellectual Adolf Cragg (Alphonse Ethier) who sees great potential in an eager girl if she just leaves her abandoned home . It also pushes Friedrich Nietzche's philosophy and the idea of ​​will to power. More about this later. After eliminating local political bigwig (Arthur Hohl) and having an argument with Barrett about it, the explosion still kills Barrett, allowing Stanwyck to leave his home town. She, along with Harris, leads to New York City and is able to get a free lorry truck (James Murray) for free. They go to New York and after seeing the Gotham Trust Company (founded in 1873) and her friendly guardian tells her where the staffing office is. We're slowly watching Stanwyck step on the corporate ladder. top, similar (but rather thin) than Robert Morse dared to do in business without really trying. But Morse was a man in a human-controlled society. Stanwyck knows her sexual grace is her weapon. John Wayne, Douglas Dumbrille (part of the movie I've always considered to be the most shocking - curiously enough when I watched), Douglas Wood, Henry Kolker, and George Brent. Each of them falls to it and either is pushed aside when it is no longer useful or destroys it. Brent, the new bank president who founded his grandfather, eventually marries - and the film crisis is when the bank's financial situation is shaken (especially after Brent buys her fortune in gems and gives her valuable bonds). Brent is indicted. Will he hold on to him? <br /> <br /> SPOILER RECEIVING: The only thing about these films that is not allowed is that the theatrical and moral conventions of time are still dictating the ends. Stanwyck's original end was aboard a ship to let Europe leave Brent to his destiny, but realized that he could not do it, go back to his apartment house and find himself shot dead. He goes to the hospital with him until he finishes. Now, before the new footage is found, the film ended, apparently leaving all their money to the bank to save her and return to East St. Louis to live happily if they are poor. there are good endings. Stanwyck should continue its destructive course, when Brent was the last of her victims. Even without Breen's office, script writers (by the way, Darryl Zanuck, by the way) found it appropriate to find her a moral center. He has none - at least for strong men (whom he hates). I do not think the audience would tolerate this type of conclusion for depression. There are other issues, due to changing styles of public opinion and changes in society. In 1933, it was the world of man in the business world, and that is why Stanwyck has her job for her. Wood (when it comes to hatred with him) admits that she does not want to work. <br /> <br /> But in 2006 Stanwyck would look for a woman everywhere. The film has ugly, ugly insights (apparently some based on jealousy) toward Stanwyck from other secretaries and female employees during her rapid rise. In 2006, she would often be confronted with her superiors and found she was quickly cut off from her legs. Of course, if she finds one or two lesbians, she can try this path, but it's doubtful. And he will never meet any gay men. Have homosexual business managers who do not share their legs or breasts. <br /> <br /> Then is her mentor, Mr. Crag. Cragg is upgraded in the "vaulted" version to try to try to find a moral center. In fact, he sends Nieztsche, but the way (in the broader sense) the Nazis pushed for Nieztsch - to find a way to power and to push. While Nieztsch sometimes emphasized power, it was not all and the end of all his theories. Otherwise, nobody would read it today in colleges. Cragg is obviously self-educated, but only half-educated. In short, if someone who thoroughly studied Nieztsche faced Cragg, he would have made him look like a half-breed fool. And that's Stanwyck's mentor! Good movie and it's worth 10 for that day ... but seriously wrong.
