Is this considered a key movie in front of the code? from the director who later produced THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid sci-fi INVASION USA (1952)! ??? and represents one of Barbara Stanwyck's best early roles. Is it supported by a subtle cast that includes popular actresses and valuable artists today? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton, and John Wayne (one point on Stanwyck with the eponymous name from the popular song that is constantly broadcast) in the earlier category, and Robert Barrat as Stanwyck's father, Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as her older mentor, more about it later), Arthur Hohl (as a crazy politician), and Henry Kolker (as Cook's father and father-right that Stanwyck also seduces). Curiously, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were subsequently erased at his own request when the film encountered problems with censors! Excused by the rupture, that is, a typically hard interview and realistic sets by Anton Grother, the narrative contains the unexpected subtleties of Nietzsche's philosophy that our intellectual Ethier brings to our heroine in a small town (Stanwyck reverts to him in time that he is not a "fireballs" her later comedy, which director Howard Hawks and co-starred Gary Coopera's name!). Behind Ethier's aegis, you are blooming quickly into a virtually heartless character and deciding that nothing will happen on her path to success. a symbolic representation of her rise in New York, which she finally employs, reminds us of a similar sardonic? related to the ambitious desire of the statesman for power? in Sergei Eisenstein in October (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seeing that she holds her neck for her black maid. <br /> <br /> The first two thirds of the movie are just great; at first I found that these stages are somewhat unsatisfactory? because I was expecting Stanwyck to get to her when he falls for George Brent's late figure as he ignores her, but like the others soon under his spell! On the second track, however, this aspect felt less aggressive? because it is clear that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths that caused her selfish behavior and that her validity in Paris softened her (even though she was trying to keep her rich wealth for as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the movie is presented in two strikingly different edits? the recently released pre-release version and the printed version of Theatrical Release. Significant footage from Stanwyck's life is like a tramp from the age of 14 (although it is heard in an accompanying trailer!) While many other scenes have been truncated (ie censored for content): the violent fisticuff that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after defending his progress; seduction of a railway car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stanwyck Cook; filming, followed by suicide (only pictures are broadcast in a short version); Stanwyck was thinking about his conquests while the phonograph is playing (again only Brent appears in the version released to the theaters), etc. Tha latter, then uses alternative to some scenes? and includes the establishment of a city missing from a longer version; but we also get obviously tied - at the happy end (the preliminary version suddenly closes on a very effective open note) and equally unconvincing warning letters sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which basically serves to replace all references to Nietzsche!
