"Baby Face" is a transition melodrama that plays a very young Barbara Stanwyck, almost unrecognizable by George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to heal ... or I should say you will make time. Stanwyck's father, for one reason or another, changed her life into a cheap, depressing, dirty Erie in Pennsylvania. After her father died, an older type of father who knows exactly what is going on and really cares about her future recommends her to go to a big city and take advantage of the opportunity - and not easy - to take the high road in her life. (Notice that I did not see the censored version - this part of the film was converted to censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low direction is much smoother and they get it there where he wants to go much faster. The movie is the most famous scene, the camera moves us up on the corporate ladder by dropping us from floor to floor like Lily asleep to the top. She eventually stripped the big man himself and was able to leave his daily work. Problems follow and she will soon be involved in a huge scandal. Stanwyck is wearing plenty of makeup and most of the movie is cool as a cucumber as she guides one man after another without regret and is great playing an innocent victim. In one scene they sit staring at royal ransom in jewelery while wearing black dresses that look like they are decorated with diamonds above. Then Chico will ask another case, and it is full of more jewelry and securities. All day work. Tereza Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played down or charming and she was also a talented singer and dancer. This is where the theme of "St. Louis Woman" sings or buzzes. She has worked literally on dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, her best work was at the time of the prequad. As a bizarre byproduct of the code, blacks often get less in the movies after shooting. Film transcoding could be more sexually intimidating, and therefore, even though they are aged 70 and over, they look more modern. Although these films may not have a moral ending, Baby Face will learn lessons - as if it were life. There were several endings to this film, all with the same message. The one I saw had an added scene, but there seemed to be two more ends that did not pass through the censors. (There was no code, but it was always a censor.) Anyway, it's a terrific surprise. "Baby Face" is an important movie in history - you have to see.
