Although we know how the story ends, it's a thrilling film that plays almost like a political thriller. During the calm before the storm, we meet Hugo Chávez as a charismatic man who is more than a man who has an unbreakable connection with the mestiz, who make up 80% of the population, but were previously released from the political process of Venezuela and oil wealth. He seems to be just as devoted as he is. The country moves at a hectic pace, encroaching on campgrounds, reaching out to huge crowds, hugging and liking ordinary people, accepting letter papers, and hearing aid. People are thrilled that one of their numbers has reached the highest office in the country. There is an electric feeling of hope and optimism, which changes for the better, comes to angering barrios. But not everyone is happy with the situation. The pure-blooded Castilian Spanish elite, who is a small minority but has previously controlled all its wealth, is full of bitterness and resistance. One of the most inadvertently funny moments in the film is when Ann Coulter looks at a meeting of the people in an exclusive, blocked community, complains to the mestiz, "they do not have the concept of a fight or sacrifice." A few minutes later the spokesperson will say a meeting to "watch out for your local staff - they might be Chavez's supporters." Duš! Of course they are. In a late night interview with the film crew, Chavez reveals something of his soul as he tells the story of his grandfather. He can be a sensitive, poetic man, though with a nasty, even piano sense of humor (as we have seen when he turned to the UN and called the bush the devil). Then the storm begins to gather as the organizers of the coup to call for mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporters to change the route at the last minute and march to the presidential palace because they know it is surrounded by fans of Chavez and violence is inevitable. <br /> <br /> Another element of conspiracy falls into place as snipers on the roofs start firing on Chavez supporters, some of which fire back. The local equivalent of Fox News shows this fire back and claims that Chavez supporters are massacred demonstrators. Then the camera pulls back and reveals that there are no demonstrators - the street is empty! Protesters made another trip. Needless to say, the shots of the empty street have been edited by furiously private television stations against Chavez (who were broadcasting a constant propaganda barrier that called Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixed to Fidel Castro). Immediately after the coup, we see the princes and their media propaganda boasting openly on television about how they dealt with the situation with the ruthless ignorance of the lives of supporters and opponents. The filmmakers are still at the heart of this chaotic, rapidly changing situation because a military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb him. Chavez finally surrenders to avoid bloodshed but refuses to resign and is taken to a coastal island where the plane is waiting - where? United States? How can the remaining cabinet members prevent arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and very wealthy businessmen who are closely related to Bush's administration? Watch the movie and find out! <br /> <br /> If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela comes from the American media, then you know nothing. He is not an "un-elected tyrant" and "does not specify by regulation" - he is extremely popular, he has been elected and re-elected more than 60% of votes (something George Bush has never achieved) and devotion he is inspired by ordinary Venezuelan people. coup. <br /> <br /> This is an extraordinary movie about an extraordinary man in an emergency situation. The skill of the creators is that they are inconspicuous and tell stories of Venezuelan voices at every level from barriere to the presidential palace, stormy scenes, chaos and confusion, creating a coherent whole that is tense, riveting and moving. Do not forget!
