It's really rare that you get an inside look at media fraud, which was so widely cited as the official "truth," and captured so many "news" agencies with their trousers. This movie, in my opinion, deserves every honor in journalism - it is objective (yes!), A courageous and real "scoop". He can do this without comment, fake scenes, or leading questions - everyone, including Chavez, becomes like a fool in his own words. "Only" filmmakers had to watch the events and keep their cameras moving. The Venezuelan elite teaches us: "How to get rid of the president and sell it as a victory for democracy." It's amazing that they lost at the end. From what I know, the largest television stations involved have only been granted a terrestrial broadcasting license, they are still being broadcast over cable and satellite. I very much doubt whether George W. or Barack Obama was so tolerant after the coup attempt. But then do not worry. The fact that the fraud of "Chavez's followers is shooting innocent civilians" has been so readily repeated throughout the world, showing how predatory the so-called "free" media has actually become or has always been more. An important lesson for anyone who is interested in what is really going on in the world. The famous challenge of "objectivity" always comes into play when journalists dare to oppose mainstream views or uncover undesirable facts that accuse "us" -that was true with the effects of an atomic bomb, American secret history of the spread of "democracy" all over the world or war in Iraq, which, according to Johns Hopkins, has already killed 1.3 million Iraqis, not to mention 60,000 Afghans (in 2003) that never mention. For Saddam Hussein to be less harmful to his people than the US. And the United States is ready and willing for the Iranian that it was. I am quite curious about the forthcoming trial of the Red Khmer leader before the International Tribunal in The Hague, whether there is any mention of "our" involvement in the support and training of Pol Pot guerrillas in the 1980s, when the Vietnamese were largely defeated. Probably not. <br /> <br /> There are even more reasons to turn to Independent Media about balance, if not exposure to fraud.
