I will review two films as a whole, because I feel it is as it should be considered and monitored. When I talk about the movie, I'm talking about Parts 1 and 2 together when we were looking at each other how they should be. <br /> <br /> Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Tor. br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, courageous, gravel and right film. And listens to a new style of film making. No Faux drama. No soundtrack. No Faux Documentary Style. Just pure shots and an attempt to keep the facts. I read Jon 'Anderson's "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life," and recently completed Fidel's Auto Biography, and it helped me to get this movie right. I have to say, however, that this is the complete, penultimate and amazing biographer who gave this film the right historical bone. Anderson was the consultant of this film (or these two films). What makes this movie true is that it is pure. No expanding music or slow photography increases drama, and even more important; no fake documentary blurred camera. Only square shots and direct shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel right in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should be honored for it, I never doubted he was a Che in the whole movie ... not once. He did a great job, and I will always respect him. Some people complain that the film deals only with two slices of his life, not the whole. But I think it's one of the really beautiful aspects of this movie: it does not try to be anything. Do not try to "tell a story". The life of a person is too versatile to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the finest beauties of this film, resists this temptation, and remains focused on letting us with the burdened CHE, its evolving military sense and the forces around it. It focuses on 3 slices of time: a battle that has surpassed Batista, the ENE speech in U.N. and gorilla preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" have already told the young man, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I still keep in mind the book by Jon Anderson and the movie remains true. The only weak link for me is casting (not performance) by Matt Damon. In a movie that is so alive that he is alive, the American (Matt Damon) who plays in Bolivia is a clumsy section - doing it well, but after so much care in casting it was where he was. Small and complete forgiveness. The fact that the rest of you cast and the most notable work of Benicio Del Toro gives you is that film is the first place on my list. The fact that this film went almost directly to the video says something about how the Cold War ethics that would never allow "revolutionary Cuba" to become what it could have is still at work by keeping their story quiet. If it is not from a secret damping, then from the effects of properly propaganda that predicted this thing. It's a movie that must be seen, and "Che Guevara: Revolutionary Life" is Jon Anderson. you have to read if you want to begin to understand the early implications for the global idea of ​​expanding the international / political financial chess movements of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s that have exerted unfair pressure on our neighboring countries in South America and supported the effects.
