Perhaps the most wonderful thing about Che: Part one, when we begin to integrate it into the first part of our minds, is that there is no explanation why Che after the revolution decided to escape secretly from Cuba without conveying their experiences with the Congo, no explanation of why he chose Bolivia as his next state-of-the-way set-up without hinting at the political decisions he made as a young man who motorized all over South America, giving Walther Salles a prominent acquaintance. Emphasis is placed on Che meets volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. Yet hardly any effort has been made to make them individual to create relationships. He is reasonably unwise. Che is driving an unbreakable doctrine so he will not leave any injured man. But she does not feel deeply interested in her husband. That's the concept. In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels welcomed village residents who received food and coverage, backed by what became a victorious revolution. It is obvious here in Bolivia that there is not much understanding. The villagers exhibit it. They protect government units, not their own. When he explains the unilateralism of the government's healthcare system, his audience seems uninterested. You can not lead people to the revolution if they do not want to meet. Soderbergh shows that military US advisers are working with the Bolivians, but they do not damage the United States for the collapse of Che. It seems Che just thwarted his fight and the place where he wanted to. When performing both wars, Soderbergh does not build his battles as action with concrete results. Cheese men attack and are attacked. Fire exchanges with remote attackers. There is generally a cut into the group in the struggle after the blow, his death did not stop. This is not a war movie. This is that man is reasonably inadequate. There is no complicated cinematography. Soderbergh looks firmly on Chee's inflexible determination. There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots but there is little, they are even stronger, such as Che's POV shot during his last beats. There is plenty of terrain where these men have lived for weeks, and the all-consuming effect is restlessness, Guevara had part of the time of malaria. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, gives the champion a performance, not least because he is modest. It's not drawn like a toe like most epic heroes. In Cuba it appears in conquest, in Bolivia falls on the opposite side, and at times it is difficult to distinguish it for the tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates identity as much as an attitude. Maybe you think the movie is too long. I think this is the true cause of its breadth. Guevara's affairs in Cuba, and especially in Bolivia, were not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but a commitment to retain a power that could practically be called mad. Finally, Che is a whole or partly commercially magical film, where his director begins to understand the boundaries inherent in cinematographic biography and work progressively within these means.
