Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA is also a great success, but not as entertaining as PART I, because here we are witnessing what could have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara. Again I am amazed at the cause and effect that both parts have in their interconnecting stories. Again and again, we remind ourselves that the main character is Che Guevara of Argentina. Some men in Fidel's Army decided not to accept orders from a foreigner, and when Che decided to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolution in Bolivia, he does not receive much respect from his new army and natives, just because he is a foreigner. As far as technology is concerned, I think part II would be more useful if, before the map appeared, a previous payment just to restore the memory of its characters and what went on to understand the audience's understanding of why his methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. In this segment, it is clear that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia he deals with a lot of soldiers whose hearts are not full. It is said that the ingredient for revolutionaries is love .. Well, they do not give so much to their country, so it's hard to sell. It is unbearably painful and difficult for Cheo to get others into his vision. I like one particular scene illustrating the deteriorating state of Che, a scene in which his horse would not go no matter how he tried to direct him, and then his anger got better and for a while he forgets that he is a doctor, and he becomes a desperate soldier who plays his horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be led. At the same time, the film stretches, relying on small cameras of familiar faces that you only know for short entertainment, and you get to the left and right to the right one by one obstacle after another, but maybe that is the intent of part II, if so .. then definitely it works. A standing wave of cinematography that gives us a first look at the moment of Cheo's last breath. This film does not have to answer the questions why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he could break him out, even if there were chances against him and why he was deeply asking South America to have the same fate as Cuba, but the CHE movie is a story , which is worth saying.
