I'm surprised I actually got the courage to watch bioprofil or move "Che: Parts 1 and 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exile parents ever found out that I saw this film about this contemptuous mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, I will have my life. Hey wait? I'm an adult, I can not have any meat on me. Director Steven Soderbergh and comedic novice (I apologize to Steven, but I had to take pictures of Sodera) divide the film in two parts into the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" is how Che, in the mid-1950s, teamed up with the guerrilla crew of Fidel Castro in the revolutionary effort to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but for many Cubans when they rebelled into Communism, there was a huge disaster of guerrilla. "Che: Part 2" introduces Che trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by putting t-shirts with his ugly bear face on the t-shirt maker. OK, I wanted - he talked a lot of bullshit on the way! I wanted to say that "Che: Part 2" focuses on Che trying to return the revolution in the late 60's, this time into Bolivia with poverty but with very different results. In fact, Che ended up as the dead Enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the two times of these two cases in Che's life when he ordered the contempt of the Fort in La Cabana prison in Cuba where he massacred many Cubans who they opposed Communism. And this is where I think Soderbergh has executed film injustice by not showing the audience how terrible Guevara was, I decided to see Che in the hope that Soderbergh would not blame him, Soderbergh did not do it, and sadly decided to introduce Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which was not. He was a sick man, thank God, he is probably now at the bottom of the devil, and now I have to be an objective objector and admit that the performance of Benicia Del Tor as Che was extremely commanding and meritous. And Demian Bichir was in his meticulous performance a gripping dead bell like Fidel Castro. But the rest of the cast "Che" was primarily composed of average performances by actors depicting Guerilla soldiers. And just as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into a revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking performance featuring a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic, which is usually "too much to talk and lack of action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We have too much Che, and even posthumously with those ridiculous shirts, why do we give him much more? But I think that when you have Del Toro at the corners (as you did to Steven), I think it's your salutary mercy for not doing "Che: Parts 1 and 2" completely. *** Average
