I came to see Guerrilla, the second part of Biopic Che Guevara Steven Soderberg, without seeing the previous movie and just more than just a brief knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was rather worried that it would be both a difficult history lesson and an ungrateful love letter of an iconic revolutionary. As it turned out, this film far surpassed my expectations. Guerilla works remarkably well as a separate movie. The story of Chee's unsuccessful attempt to lead the Revolution in Bolivia, then under the military government, is a surprising tragedy. The initial impulse that brought the advent of incognito Chea to guerrilla warfare is lost because the misfortune follows the misfortune. The course opposes revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspects, and Che's health failures are just some of the difficulties faced by the emerging rebellion. Soderbergh's portrait of Che is predominantly uncritical, but this film is no hagiography. The style is refreshing, unsustainable, with a soft and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias, which adds a quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but his face has very little detail and we are encouraged to see the people who fought him and sometimes against him. Where Soderbergh wants to demonstrate Cheu's honor, we see it in small episodes, such as a faithful acolyte that will stir up two comrades when touching Che's leadership, and emphasizes the sacrifice he made by leaving Cuba to fight again for the revolution. > <br /> The whole direction is excellent. Part two feels tightly adjusted despite its narrow focus and can communicate very much through images without the narrator's need to explain the things of the audience. At the beginning of the film, we see a few short clips of rich parties on post-revolutionary Cuba, which immediately gave us ideas about why Che sacrificed his old life to fight again in another country. Later shows of partisans marching through infinite rainforests stand out as a surprisingly beautiful scene and help create a sense of enormity in front of this small group of revolutionaries. If there is a problem with the film, there is a distance between the viewer and Che, who, while allowing us to appreciate the context of the rebellion and the people around him, makes it harder for him to better understand the person. Is it true that Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the lead? so much so that it's hard to remember that you're watching the actors and not the man himself. However, observing Guerrilla as a stand-alone film means we get a glimpse of what makes Che's thoughts, words and deeds. He hopes that this will be more in the forefront of the first part of Soderbergh's biopsy (I still can not comment) and certainly the strength of part of the second leads me to look eagerly at my predecessor.
