I sat yesterday in both parts of Che, back to me with a short break in the bathroom, and I can not remember when it ended so quickly 4 hours. I had to have a psyche myself a week ahead because I really have a "thing" about directors, producers and editors who give us blown long queasy dicks before us and feel that a total of 2 to 2.5 hours is probably right for the movie. It seemed that 4 hours measured the limits of my tolerance and I was very dubious about the whole business. But will I say in advance that it's beautiful? Could I love you? and I'm really glad to see it. Director Steven Soderbergh must be congratulated on the clarity of his vision. Battle scenes zing as if you were avoiding bullets yourself. If there is a person who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was an Argentine physician who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban Revolution in 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che was everywhere; on posters in the bedroom, on T-shirts, on the covers of magazines. Che has to be one of the most abused forms. To rely on the famous paintings, Che was a very nice guy, the embodiment of revolutionary romanticism. If he was ugly, I'd have to wonder if he'd ever been so popular in public imagination? Of course, the young are dying. <br /> <br /> In the movies he had previously made films about Cheu (especially the excellent motorcycle diaries in 2004, played by the absurdly cute Gael Garcia Bernal as a young Che, traveling to South America and seeing endemic poverty, creating his Marxist politics ), but I do not think anyone ever tackles the whole story from start to finish and this two-part is an ambitious project. I hope it pays off for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that immediate commercial success does not have to be the highest in my mind. The first film (The Agentine) shows that Che met Castro in Mexico and followed their journey to Cuba to revolutionize and then travel to New York in 1964 to turn to the United Nations. Smartly shot black and white images look like modern movies, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) rises again in 1966, when Che arrives in Bolivia to launch a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost in the woods. If I see it was shot mostly in Spain, but I can still believe it must have been a pretty exhausting film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, the part he was probably born to. <br /> <br /> I personally felt that the Argentine (ie the first part) was much easier to watch and more fun in the strict film sense because it is optimistic. Wins; the revolution succeeds. Che is a disparate group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in its element leading the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of its defeat. Just as Valkyrie recently - despite being a good movie - it was an exercise that witnessed a heroic failure, and so I felt the same way as in the second part of Che (Guerilla). At first we know he is dying, we know he failed. It's frustrating because the way the story is told is that the commemoration of the Revolution in Bolivia is condemned; Che is considered a foreign intruder and can not connect with indigenous peoples as he did with Cubans. He patiently persists, which is frustrating to watch because I felt he should know when to give up and go to other, perhaps more successful, businesses. The film is too romantic. He kills people, performs, struggles with his asthma, and watches the lost thing long enough to give up and continues, lets the woman alone raise five children without a father. But overall, excellent classical film practice. One note; when I watched how the Bolivian soldiers trained in the United States in bulk to move Che and his small group of warriors one by one, reminded me of the final of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but he hesitated, thinking that such thoughts would be frustrating and misplaced. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said, "You did not think the end is like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
