The fourth of Anthony Mann's five Anthony Mann made with James Stewart, a hard-bred cattle named Jeff Webster, who takes cattle from Wyoming to Alaska via Seattle. He has teamed up in Seattle with his partners, Ben Tatt (Walter Brennan) and Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen), who sent him in advance to prepare for a boat trip to the north. <br /> <br /> But first, he has to deal with indescribable trails, cheaters of riverboat captains and coy spells, manipulative Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman) who believes that Jeff might be a valuable ally in the future. That's why he's hiding him on the ship while the captain is looking for the earlier (and apologetic) killing of the trail. Jeff also has the luck of getting into dirty judge Gannon (John McIntire), who runs the city of Skagway in Alaska. Gannon will lock Jeff for disrupting public visibility by driving his cattle across the city. Jeff has fined his cattle and Jeff has to eat faith now. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Jeff agrees that Ronda will go to Dawson to supply supplies. But it's just a break, so Jeff, Ben and Rube can go back to Skagway and steal their cattle back. Of course, Judge Gannon will see it and it's right behind him, but he is delayed by Jeff with the rifle while Ben is racing on the Canadian border of Gannon. <br /> <br /> After escaping the avalanche and other shootings, some other Skagway men eventually arrive at Dawson, where Jeff sells his cattle to the highest bidder, which is Ronda who then instantly creates a new gambling house in Dawson. Žitíδύ Σπίτι I do not know ifkostio economical данни. But then Judge Gannon comes to Dawson to get into the gold event and tells Jeff that he's a little bored with Skagway and wants to try his luck at Klondike himself. That means we bring some hired shooter with us and steal some of the other mineral claims violently. Jeff and Ben now feel it's time to clean up when they're good, and leave Rube to be the most effective sheriff for Gannon and his gang. They're looking back on the way only to Gannon's men, because Ben made the mistake of opening his big mouth. Ben is killed and Jeff is seriously injured, but that will not prevent Judge Gannon from maturing. The final shootout on the muddy Dawson Street takes care of it. First, Jeff kills two of Gannon's best shooters (Jack Elam and Robert Wilkie). After Ronda comes out to warn Jeff that Gannon is trying to slip behind him, Gannon shoots her in the back and she dies right there in Jeff's arms. Then Jeff kills Gannon while hiding under a wooden walkway. Revenge spoke. This is another furious western that is right there with NAKED SPUR and THE MAN FROM LARAMIE. Why it uses universal DVD scanning by scanning and scanning instead of using widescreen printing is beyond me. You're about to catch up to half the wonderful cinematography by Albert William Daniels. So if you like the well-written Westerns of the 1950s, then it's the one who holds the list A. <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
