Many reviews I've read reveal that most people tend to have part one better than the second part. I feel completely different. Part one played a bit and tried to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through various kinds of movie pieces, different places and cutting back and forth between the interview and the Cuban Revolution. For the most part, it was structured gently but somewhat disturbingly. In the second part, Che goes to Bolivia, along with a changing geographic location, rules and structural changes. These were space jumps and crossings between stocks, "documentary realism" and treatises. Instead, we are now literally imprisoned in Che in a depressed landscape, where the only people who exist are overwhelmingly burdened with their lives than anything other than survival. I think it's the dark turn of Che's life, that's the real reason why most people prefer part one to the other. Changing the geographical location also means to me that Che: Part One and Che: Part two are in fact two two acts of the structure of three actions that motorcycle logs have started. Motorcycle diaries are the coming of age in Argentina (or, more appropriately, the coming ideals). The first part is his military leadership in Cuba and Che: Part two is his fall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illuminate his life (we miss his experience in Guatamale and, in my opinion, his post-Cuban revolutionary executions), but they create a very detailed survey into the controversial aspects of his character and nature a worldwide symbol. Both symbolize idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary deficiencies in Third World countries after the end of World War II and their obstacles in the form of activities such as the CIA's engagement. this is all again reflected on the screen in this case not by long scenes of dialogue and speeches but by the more intimate, patient image of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Once again, the rules have changed and in this case it is difficult to see if there is any chance of success at all. Often when the camera shows people literally trapped between rock and hard place, and desaturated, shaky long shot involves audiences into telling people trapped in enemy landscapes, existential hell where revolutionary convictions eventually end up with the other on the despair of hungry people caught. It's not easy to watch the movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
