It follows directly from the place where the story disappears in the first part, the other half trying to tell the inevitable fall and the much more menacing aspect of human inheritance is exactly the same. In direct contrast to the first element, the second part represents the transition from Che, the pride and glory of the revolutionary country, to the Cheerful liberator of a country to which he has no prior ties. Changing settings is not just aesthetic; from the autumn and spring greens of the forest comes a change of tone and heart on the feature, replacing the optimism of the ancestor with a cynical, bruised and bruised reality adapted to all the new struggle. Yet, as Che says, such a fight is best dealt with just like this fight. While Part One certainly helped to document the initial increase in power that the revolutionary guerrilla has gained thanks to the fact that part two takes a much more sophisticated, cruel, more agitated segment of Cheova's life and ambition and gives him an assertive portrait that is both dizzying and tragic in tangible and easy understandable way. While movie tone is getting rid of and drastically different from part one, it still remains the same documented approach that was adopted a month ago and which prevents melodrama and production as much as possible. This rather distant, cold approach to telling Cheo's story and fight will surely avert some audiences; do I really still remain focused on whether the feature itself should be named after one person? If nothing, the whole Che, taken as a whole, brings a story that goes beyond a common biography, and instead documents the struggle of a person next to those who helped him move along the way. Soderbergh has never attempted to portray a humanistic portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did decades earlier, Der Untergang (excuse ironic contrast); Che is a slowly moving, reserved and meditative approach to telling a historical lesson that just happens to be told by the only man who probably guided the whole thing. Still, moving away from the lush green landscape of Cuba and retreating into the gloomy, disintegrating Bolivian environment, the story inevitably takes on a distinctly contrasting tone that does not feel too far apart from its predecessor, but it suffices to give it its own reference points. Here is the basic structure of part one - there is an initial struggle, battles, fallen comrades, and the recruitment of those who are to replace them all the time we see human flashes at the movement. Yet, as someone with the saddest picture of the true history behind this line, the second part is destined to end with a much more astounding and disturbing note. This difference, combined with similarities to the first part, is a compelling and unforgettable whole; (and to Soderbergh to achieve as such) and how they like, but as one statement, Che gives exactly what he is trying to achieve. <br /> <br /> In fact, everything that caused it to be the first month is obvious from the gentle but appealing performances from the central cast into a slow building, realistically structured battle scenes - a drama that is inherent in the characters the screen is as obscure and obscure, but with such a feature as this, Part 2 again proves that avoiding such elements does not necessarily hurt the film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to engage the viewer. In fact, when writing this review, I did not object to whether or not I simply had to add the first paragraph or first point to the first piece, and I name the review as a whole, yet I felt it would only serve who could sit to watch the film in succession. <br /> <br /> I said that I can not rightly decide whether Che will decide or do not want to engage the audience for its extended four hours plus runtime, but when viewing both segments I can at least confirm the ability of each part to do this. With a reflexive, complicated script coupled with endlessly fascinating photography and nuanced performances that manage the characters of the film without notice, Che Part Two is just as appealing and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting, re-confirming conclusion fit for the history of the film. <br /> <br /> - Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
