Part two rises ... not where the last movie ended. As part of the quasi-convention of Steven Soderberg's four-hour epic event, Cheovy's two stories are said to be the classic scenes of Rise and Fall. In the second part, Che Guevara left his post as a bureaucrat in Cuba, and after an unsuccessful attempt at the Congo, he went to Bolivia to try to launch another jungle-style revolution. Things are not well planned at all, probably due to the notorious reputation of Cheovy at that time as communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the involvement of America on the Bolivian government and, of course, that Castro was not as a backup for che. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the second part of Che is more sad, but in some ways wiser than the first. Which makes sense because Guevara has to endure low morale from his men, eyes from those around him, constant mistakes from crushed and close peasants and eventually sealed by greater military force. But what's even sadder than Guevara, no matter what can not be done. One can see it as an incredible power or a fatal error - maybe both - but it is also clear how one begins to see Che, if not completely rounded, then as something more of a sympathetic character. It is true that he killed and executed and felt right all the way. And yet it begins to work on the viewer in terms of the primary level of compassion; the sequence in which Guevara worsens his health without medication and leads to a shocking stab of a horse is one of the most memorable and successful films this year. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's narrative command is strong again if it is sometimes slightly slow (understandable due to the long run time) and one or two scenes feel totally weird (Matt Damon?), but these are small commitments. When it comes to direct access to color cameras, it's almost like a pure militia style, with great care for the men in the group, as well as with Guevara as Lord - over this group and how things are shrinking to the last scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, everybody hitting such a well-known man - for better and worse - that he comes as close to possible incarnation. Overall, the two parts of Che are an impressive package: history as a dramatic track in a convincing style, good for the audience, even if they do not know Che or better if they do not believe much about it. It's strange. 8.5 / 10
