Ironically, the most spoken American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The feelings of extraordinary long movies began at the Cannes Film Festival. It was the announcement of love and hatred, and considerable doubts about business prospects. As a consolation, star Benicio Del Toro won Best Actor award. Of course I'm talking about "Cheu" Steven Soderberg. This is the name that goes through this version, shown in New York as Cannes in two two-hour plus segments without opening the title or end credits. "Che" is certainly appropriate because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive and reliable hanging over the thick and thin, from the days of the famous victory in the first part of the month to the humiliating defeat in the second part, appealing and sympathetic in all its diverse manifestations, even masked like a bald gray man creeping into Bolivia. It's amazing performance; one wishes to have better settings. <br /> <br /> If you are sufficiently patient to sit for over four hours, there is a reward between the two sections. Everywhere there is an authentic feeling - fortunately Soderbergh decided to film in Spanish (although some actors, especially in English, are wooden). You will get a good insight into what guerrilla war, like the Che style, looked like: teaching, recruiting campers, morale, discipline, trouble and struggle - as well as the gradual morphing of Che from the Doctor to the Full-Military Leader. The use of the new 9-pound 35 mm-quality Red "digital high-performance cinema camera" that has just become available at the time of filming enabled DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit chilly but occasionally still singing and are always sharp and smooth. The film consists of two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "films" and plans to release them commercially. First is the "Argentinean", which depicts Che's leadership in the jungle and the city struggles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s and the second is "Guerrilla," and refers to Cheo's unsuccessful effort nearly ten years later in Bolivia, the fruitful mission that led to the discovery and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was supposed to be the original film and was written first and I think it was first shot. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is rather a thriller, while part one is more of an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both parts have a lot to do - too much - because they spend much of their time on guerrillas in a rough country. Guerrilla, which is nothing to do without, because the Bolivian rebellion was condemned from the start. The group of Cubans who tried to lead him did not get a friendly favor from the Bolivian campesins who suspected foreigners and thought the Cuban communists as ungodly violent opponents. There is a third part, a sort of festive black-and-white interval that consisted of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and at that time talks with him, but it is intersecting in the first segment. The first part also has Fidela and is considerably better, leading to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the Fulgencia Batista dictatorship in Cuba. During "Guerilla" I still thought how it could work as a quality European-style miniseries that could start with a shortened version of Walter Salles motorcycle diaries and continue us to the fatal meeting of Guevara and Fidel in Mexico and release at the 26th Movement in July . His extensive travels and diplomatic missions could be much more. This is far from the full image of a man, his child interest in chess, his lifetime interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international glory is only affected. And what about his rough, cruel side? Indeed, what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but Revolution and Guerrilla War. Permanent impression that a 4+ hour holiday is slogging through the forest and the jungle with wounded and sick men and women and the idealistic determination to end the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that it reminds Terren Malick of "Tin Red Line", and yes, a slow, episodic combat approach is similar; but "Thin Red Line" has stronger characters (barely anyone appears outside Che) and it's a really good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and miserable fateful effort. This 8-year, heavily exploited love work (how many more oceans have to pay for it?) Is vanity a project too long for a regular theatrical release and too short for miniseries. Radical editing - or big expansion - would make it more successful, and it's like a long slog, especially in the second half. Obviously, this slogging could be cut off, although it is not as clear as what the final form of the film should be - but a bit of luck it could be quite good.
