He skips everything from a coup in Cuba to his secret entry to Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's portrait, Che Guevara, is a tragic hero. Like Che? Part one, this rather unreasonable guerrilla war going through the colorful mountains of Bolivia, is probably destined to disappoint more people than satisfy them. Why was the movie (and especially the performance of Benicio Del Toro) so greatly praised in Cannes? For example, James Rocchi called it "an artwork that is" not only a story of a revolutionary, "but a" revolution in itself. "The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw described it as" a flawed masterpiece. "I return to my original claim to the first part, especially in the hero's depiction, and in the age when the models of poor heroes are rising, it would not be beneficial to see them honestly even if they get rid of some less appropriate episodes of their life? Hero Worship The heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere between them) But it really should inspire us to higher goals for a higher purpose Compare it to the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard western narrative: where one undergoes trials and suffering barely believable reward - usually eternal love or material wealth? as if the divine studio hit. Real heroes have excessive moral courage - not a lost ark of brave-devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They climb and encourage others to rise to be the best they can be. In the first part Che is successful. The second part fails. It's not because of moral courage, but because a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, mistakes are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he equates the conditions that justify the armed struggle with the conditions that make this armed struggle successful. It is a serious mistake. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. It's the atmosphere of the mission's authenticity on the scene that was occasionally missing in Che - Part one (the US would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba). Visual experiences are intensified by maximizing natural light and extreme flexibility and realism offered with breakthrough RED cameras. This is a high-performance 35mm cinematic digital camera and the comfort of a clean digital camera. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs just 9 pounds. "Shooting with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees how I see ... so organic, so beautifully attuned to the most natural light of the phenomenon." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban Revolution, it would imprison him with almost mystical invincibility. Failure to do so in Bolivia shows not only that it has human limitations but that it is its moral virtues that they remember, not political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble figures to achieve Gypsy dictatorships. His anti-tactical development is not in itself good or bad (and has since been used for both). But because of its commendation, it often appears that the film has no dramatic and narrative tension. We run from one escapade to another because they know he will eventually encounter his death. I found out that I was looking at my watch and I thought it might be shorter. But the work that got into it? interviewing people from all sides, and even getting one of the ex-comrades Guevara to coach the actor on details of Bolivian operations? to make the film a praiseworthy success. It does not have to be fun at the top level, but it proves the integrity of documenting important history. <br /> <br /> Here is another very important point in the Che 'hero number. It is a failure. That if you try to do your best, even if you fail, your efforts will not be unnecessary, because it can give other hope and moral courage. One could cynically call it a "martyrdom" complex and, of course, is found in many religious personalities. But Che does not "bother" himself. He does what he does best, according to his best abilities, and does not provide an example. Success or failure in a particular case becomes mere details. Thanks to the long-term and illegal US blockade of Cuba (all in the name of "freedom") I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted in the US. But that would mean that the film was trying to avoid it so seriously. It is to be hoped that many viewers will have the ability to look at Che without the politics and passion that it inevitably raises. No matter what its mistakes, Soderbergh rehabilitates the populist nuisance of the oceans 11. But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or you've seen the first part or if you can not get over the phrase "murderous Marxist" without scattering in the mouth, I can try to imagine what you would get from this movie, and the same can be said for many who have and can.
