Now, surely, I'm not a hot student of this genre. In fact, I have always tried to avoid the West, because despite all their critical decay as America's stories (or anything else), it seems to me that I will always move into a difficult protest either to "shoot Injuns", "big shot" or "Hey, let's go posse! "In other words, I always dreamed the genre so rooted and tied to the convention that it left a precious little space for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called "giants", and I threw them into this negative rating - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood-Sergio Leone teams in the 1960s. ) But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of Jimmy Stewart's memorial weekend after his death - I finally did: I understood, at least in theory, what the Western myth offers as a serious thematic matter (apart from action and excitement). It is a push-pull between lawlessness and order; the American West represented freedom but also the prospect of a wild, unruly one. The humorous people can get hurt. This, of course, meant that perhaps - if only - it was not meant for decent people, and that the only inhabitants should be amoral and skilled, those who fairly delivered justice from their main revolvers and where the law of the country would sometimes kill or kill. In such an environment, of course, there are the real heroes of those who are sufficiently delightful and free to be in the first place (and thus reject "society", at least as it was on the east coast), and still have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply not right. Catching and Investigating this Irregularity Between the Law and the Disorder IN THE MAIN CHARACTER I AM, I believe (after seeing this film), is the highest and the most accurate goal of a Western one. Unfortunately, this is not so often, because the white hats are completely white, the blacks are completely black (and we will not even start talking about India, all right) and there are expensive little shades of gray among them. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a watchful luck hunter who meets him with a miner in the desert of Alaska and looks for gold. To this is joined by his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the character of the western cliché to end them all - but still as pleasant as ever) - and no one else. They seem to be for themselves, and while Stewart displays his patented spell (let's never really have a guy, now we could?), We remain without a doubt that he's basically self-interested in nature: none from his "Gosh" or "Oh holly gee" humanism is allowed to pass. Or, rather, it has to be at the end of the picture as described above. They must face injustice in themselves and weigh them against the need for order and justice that are so immense in the border town that they serve as the starting point of mining on their golden dust road. This city is firmly dominated by its malefic sheriff, Mr. Gannon, who plays John McIntire in one of the best performances of a "bad boy" I've ever seen. He comes with such charm and humor and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart that it really takes a while to find out he's the bad guy - so when he eventually fails, he does it with double validity. Furthermore, by creating a type of breezy (if necessarily guarded) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the film plays an idea of ​​how close in temperament they really are - and how far the moral distance Stewart must go to the end of the film. <br /> <br /> They will not go through all the twists and turns that lie - seeing for yourself (as well as the harsh and beautiful Alaska scenery - shot on the spot, thinking that we are not cheap lacquered photographs that the studio was made of). What is key is how much this story focuses on character, with a great dialogue and character interaction that most of the time replaces gunplay - although the film has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from ever static (reading: talky "). It's definitely one of the greatest performances I've seen from Stewart, showing that he could play a renegade, a "male man," as convincingly as a decent and honest guy next to him. If nothing at all, in fact its "everyday" characteristics give it more power to characterize it, so it seems to be less mythical or crowded - like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more three-dimensional personalities. His relationship with Brennan is playable: Underestimated but still touching (with poor suggestion of George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "western"). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more of the West to see, but it's now my favorite and the benchmark that I will necessarily judge everyone else. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
