From the filmmakers who brought us the Penguin Mars, I think she came up with the many expectations for The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winter of the south pole to the wild wilderness in France, the narration becomes part of a documentary and works story telling about the friendship between the two titles, Renard's fox and her friendship with the child who christened her, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. The story is frankly simple and occasionally this movie would look like many Japanese movies that children have developed friendship after developing trust after developing trust, and as they hang around hanging around, dealing with relevant opponents and the like. Here, the child meets an elegant fox near his home in the mountains, which provide plenty of wonderful picture postcards of perfect shots that the cameraman will have to go to the skip to capture. But while we enjoy the quiet scenery, the characters do not reach levels of trust from the beginning, and we have to wait for several seasons and within 45 minutes of the movie before they find the cops in the meal. The child is constantly attempting to strike in with the aim of scrambling creatures for their own fun, but a fox, of course, like other concepts of course. While I thought the narrative was relatively weak, unlike the penguin marzipans who have this human interpretation of what is happening on the screen, the documentary features of the film were out there, and the life and times of the fox were traced to as predators and prey. Between these two, more tensions and dramas were given to these species, especially when traditional enemies such as wolves were being given, these sequences were rather intense, especially when the baby was entangled with it. Otherwise it was clear sailing and quite bored as two of them are going to play with each other, in shots that you know have gone through some adaptation of the magic of the movie. The movie was surprisingly dark moments that were not really good for kids, because those in the same room were witnessing it by suddenly dropping their eyes, so parents might want to take notice and let your toddler ruin the rest of the movie visitors. Like a movie, I would prefer it to be a complete documentary of March of the Penguins, but I think the way it was concerned was probably our goal to warn us not to change with nature and that some things just do not have to be and should stay such. A dignified film based on the power of chemistry between Bertillo Noel-Bruneau and the many foxes played by Renard.
