FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by French director Luco Jacquet MARCH OF THE PENGUINS. The film, which boasts only one human being in the actor, young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of a rather rare, though seemingly credible relationship between a child and a wild fox. natural documentary film and fairy-tale talk, the film focuses on L'Infant, a child who enters a school trip some day into a scenic landscape, possibly in France, although the exact location is never mentioned. Over the next few weeks, the baby will return to where she found her fox hoping one of those days when she saw the fad that she called Lily again. And so it goes on. Days are rotating for weeks and then disappearing in the summer, turning to fall and then cold, talking to beautiful cinematography sweeping the white winter landscape. Eventually, spring comes again and the young child finds his fox and really suffers friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little and no hope for FOX and CHILD. I saw BŘEZNĚ PENGUINS and was simply amazed at the film contained in this film. Luc Jacquet is an immensely talented and truly renowned filmmaker, and I was looking forward to great, exciting cinematography, extensive views and brilliant wildlife shots. This was delivered at the peak. But here Jacquet has a credit show on the screen, and before I knew nothing about the film, I expected something slightly different from what was seen earlier in March. Sensory story. Child and fox A story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, seemingly on her own, every day, seemingly without care in a seemingly perfect world. No hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she hits friendship with a fox. With such a movie, you have to release your own movie opinion and put yourself in the face of the target audience. This is a film that focuses directly on children from age, as I would say, six and more. Or families wishing to go to the cinema with their breed one wet Sunday afternoon. He is not a 31-year-old man who gets his kicks from films like the recent, brilliant WANTED, and so on. But I'm a new critic of London, I put in the face of an excited eight-year-old girl for 95 minutes of FOX and CHILD. Now I have several problems with this movie. As a 31 year old boy and a true lover of all film things, I loved wild and landscape photography. It's visually stunning. The animal character's direction is great - as good as you can with every Attenborough effort. As a sensible, brief attention that lasted for eight years, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a bit repetitive and sometimes quite horrifying and bloody terrifying for a younger child, especially the dark end. Like a 31-year-old man - I was a little frightened. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a kid's movie. It's not really a movie for adults and I felt a little left. It's a good family movie. Depends. It is perhaps educational, and the film carries a message. It's definitely not a movie that I would pay hard earned greenery to see, and I think my brain to try and recommend it to a certain type of movie viewer. It's hard, but I know some will go and fall in love with this movie. It's a very European feeling, and sure, if you're a fan of wildlife movies, try to try. Uncertain? Well, I would wait for the DVD on a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
