I really wanted to like this movie and I do not think I'm really disappointed. Being a teacher of American history, I felt almost such an obligation to see this film and, as far as history is concerned, it was not bad. There were, of course, a few mistakes (especially with the timeline - the film seemed to take only a few months or perhaps a year - no more than six years of real fighting), but the overall spirit of the film and the battle of the sequence were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also contained a rather insignificant subplot, which included a difficultly believable novel among the poor patriot and the rich Loyalist. Generally, it really served to distract attention from the overall conspiracy, and it seemed to be "strapped" - as a conspiracy device instead of a true romance of honorable good. In fact, so much romance boiling into the stupid cliché of "love looking at the fist" was a little uncomfortable, the more I thought about it. However, despite this romance, the film is really interesting and inspirational - plus, in many ways it seems that from this film Griffith was copied much later THE PATRIOT !!! Both films followed the explosions of a bad guy battling the British and using horrific and evil tactics against civilians - and both have secret intentions to use it as a "springboard" to launch their own nation in America! The only major difference is that this film is located in the north and THE PATRIOT was in Carolinas. Certainly it would be nice if Mel Gibson and others recognized their debt to D. W. Griffith for stories. It seems unlikely that these two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Even though I like this movie and some of the other Griffith films, it deserves to "burn in hell" again because its white actors show all the black servants in the movie! This is the ill and fake thing that Griffith has done in so many of his films - especially in the BIRTH OF NATIONS. I have to assume that on the basis of this and the manner in which the blacks represent that they are in slavery and that they are absolutely the justification of this "quaint institution" (I am not angry with Sarasmus).
