I waited until July 4 to write it because. . . well. . . because it just feels right that I do it on this day. <br /> <br /> In 1924, D.W. Griffith needed a hit, he was not big by Orphans of the Storm (1921). Since then he has been working constantly, but his films have a smaller scope and failed to hit the right chord with the audience. He was planning a film about Patrick Henry when members of the American Revolutionary (DAR) members asked him if he could expand his thoughts to include more American Revolutions. This movie is the result. By the time he finished, he had a 14-hour history, and there was no footprint of Patrick Henry. We all know the story of the revolutionary war but Griffith threw a love story Patriot farmer Nathan (Neil Hamilton) fell in love with Tony Nancy Montague's aristocrat (Carol Dempster, a leading lady for Griffith for many years). The more complicated thing is that Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . well, not only Nathan, he hates all insurgents. It does not help when somebody scared Nathan's hand out of the streets of Lexington, causing him to drop the gun and accidentally injure Nancy's dad! The Parallel Love Story is (mostly true but partially decorated) the story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore), a British officer who believes he does not trust anyone. Thousands of Indians form six nations on his side and hopes to crush colonies and become the monarch of his own empire. Comparison with the Nation of the Nation (1915) is inevitable. The Montague family might as well be Cameron from the previous movie, while Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. Battle Sequence Battle Hill is very similar to the scene in NATIONAL NARODENE with an assault army, in this case Redcoats, which culminates in a moat full of Patriots. All that is missing is that Henry Walthall stopped in the night landscape to fill the flag into the cannon's mouth. It seems amazing that the combat scenes in America lack the energy of battle scenes in BIRTH and do not accept the audience. Something is missing, of course. That is not the scope, G.W. "Billy" Bitzer's work with the camera is pretty good. Perhaps what is missing is. . . let me say that. . . sincerity? <br /> <br /> The capabilities of Captain Butler and his men are well emphasized, although much of this happens in long shots or off screen. Do not expect some heads to be in detail, as we have seen in INTOLERANCE (1916). In one scene, Butler's second command, Captain Hare (Louis Wolhie), is scared by the eyes of the captured colonist. We see only the beginning of the deed, the rest of the camera focuses on Hare's face, as of course he does well. Lionel has worked with Griffith since 1912. The story comes when he turned to Griffith for work, and D.W., famed for his famous family's legend, said: "I do not take the stage of actors." to which Lionel replied, "And I am nothing like that, sir!" He does a very good and quite credible villain. Louis Wolhiem appeared three times with Lionel's older brother John; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in TEMPEST (1927). Like Captain Hare, his wild, staring eyes and tangled hair not only call him a villain, but make you think he's crazy too. Neil Hamilton later remarked that America was the first horse and "I was afraid of death." She's hiding her dislike very well, and we can believe he was riding at the end of the shooting. Mr. Griffith was very fond of Carol Dempster, and at one point he asked her to marry him. She refused and soon left the stock company, after which her star status was gradually lost. When he talked about horses, during a preview of Paul Revere's ride, there was a casually entertaining moment that had to be unnoticed. He rides a horse right on the front porch of the family to announce: "On the guns! But as he tries to leave the horse, he can not negotiate the steps back and hit his rider on the ground!" I'm amazed Griffith did not do another. is America classic? YES! Do not wait for the 4th of July to see it is fun anytime.
