Young beautiful Eve (Hedy Lamarr) marries an older man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Sadly, she can not satisfy her sexually and ignore her. Frustrated she went home and planned divorce. One day she is skinny in a lake in the middle of a forest. Her horse is dressed with her ... and runs after him! He meets young and very nice Adam (Aribert Mog). They make love and realize that it's the man he wants. <br /> <br /> Konečný spoiler !!!! Of course, since it was done in 1933, he must be punished for his sin, leading to a tragic final. END OF ENDING SPOILER !!! Lamar's naked swimming does not show anything, and when running on a naked horse, it is either exposed to extreme long-range or covered branches, and the like. There are only a few small pictures of her breasts. Also, when he has sex with Mog, nothing is displayed, but her face, but you see her having reached orgasm. These scenes were considered to be extremely extreme in their days and were completely omitted from the US edition. Now he will return. This movie would be easy with PG-13 easily now. <br /> <br /> Shocking episodes aside is just fine. He is beautifully shot and there is no dialogue. In addition to a musical score, it could be a quiet picture. Fortunately, all the actors are good - Lamarr and Mog in particular, and they are so tempting to watch out for their observation. The succession in which they love is easily one of the most beautiful and action sequences I've ever seen in the movie. Scenes of sexual symbolism (there are quite a few) are unfortunately today. In fact, I started to giggle! <br /> <br /> So, great direction, beautiful shots, attractive actors, good acting all around - but I was not exactly on it. I found the film slowly moving (beautiful pictures do not give me a picture), somewhat boring, obvious, static and having a negative end. I can live with the end, but it does not forget the other problems I had with him. Also, the final sequence is really strange - and it's inconceivable. So I admire this movie more than anything else. It was done well and I would recommend, but with caution. Many people seem to love this movie, so I'm in a minority. Use your own judgment.
