In 1930, Europe was shocked when "L'Age Dor" was released, Luis Bunuel, causing a rebellion in Paris when it appeared, resulting in being banned for over forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe passed the shock, it was once again turned on the ear with "Ekstas", a symphony (kind) to love. The film starred a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, like Eve, a young bride who just married a cold, distant love husband Emil Jerman) just to find out he made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva is carefree and fanciful and one day is exhausted, kneeling in the lake when she finds Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who really likes her (and she). After a wild night's passion, Eva's ex-husband appears again and hopes to win Eve back just to find out that he now has an opponent. I will not spoil what is happening. Czech director Gustav Machata (who directed the original screen version of "Madam X", another parable in a romantic obsession) is based on the scripts of Jacques Koerp, František Horky and Machaty from the Robert Horky novel. The velvet cinematography of the film (which reminded me of photographer Avanta Garde, photos of Man Raya from the time that is more about the impresionist use of light and shadow) are Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich. Deep filming of the film is Antonín Zelenka and director of the film, which is for rich, almost Art Deco appearance, is Bohumil Hes). If I'm interested in this movie, it's a music script by Giuseppe Becce, which goes over the top, the melodramatic impression that it's getting fast (some topics are repeated over and over, quick --- a bit like some of David Lean's through the use of certain musical themes, especially in "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Dr.Zivava"). For some years, the brand newly restored print consisted of the best sources associated with the various available European existing prints, restoring what might be the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it as "decadent" (yeah, right. like the church has never done anything wrong) and Hayes has cut it on tapes when it was finally released in the US in 1936 in a Hayes Office-approved cut (similar). Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was mainly a visual experience). Not rated, but contains the hideous, stupid shake scene from Hedy Lamarr (tastefully, you think) and some suggestions of sexual content (similar) that would barely get the PG-13 rating today. See if you are interested in early European cinema or Avant Garde / Experimental Cinema
