I can not comment on this movie without talking about its meaning to me personally. As a child, poor health prevented me from ever going to the cinema. For the first time I met the films at the end of World War II, through Roger Manvilles, with the wonderful Penguin Book "Film," which brought me so much pleasure as my health started to improve, and I wish I could buy another copy that I would today he could read it again. My introduction to many classical films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters, Metropolis, Dr. Cabinet Caligari and Ecstasy; first went through this book and later at Art-house University cinema. Ecstasy aroused the wrath of the Vatican because she refused Eva to leave Emil, her subsequent divorce and short swim that she took in the buffer, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial affairs and discussed the film as a triumphant, extraordinarily beautiful visual paean to love - a view reflected by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw it, willingly agreed. No more opportunity to see Ecstasy arose until the introduction of a home video - until then, it has become a valuable memory so it will not be disturbed. Recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this review to be superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps honor to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressive agnostic writings to call "The Lifeforce." <br /> <br /> Ecstasy shows a young bride who married a middle-aged man whose sexual desire is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces. Soon after experiencing strong mutual attraction to the young man who meets the riding training. He loves it for the first time, and it's a stunning experience. Her ex-husband can not face rejection and gives the young man a lift in the car with the intention that the passing train is killing both at the crossing level. However, the train stops in time and the seemingly bad driver is taken back to a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide by shooting. After these exciting climacteric sequences, he emphasizes the gentle, predictable and almost inevitable end that while human lives show both joy and tragedy, collectively life brings us all forward in our current, and only by contributing to this current can we be really happy. This story is decorative, playing is no more than adequate; and normally such a film would have disappeared into rubbish, like most of its contemporaries, long ago. What Extasy has gained in a classic position is exceptional cinematography, constant lyrical scores and a very cautious love direction, associated with something random but very cinematically important - it appeared just after the introduction of the sound and was probably planned as a silent film. He is a subtitle and his director uses the impact of short verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles and occasionally puts it in the scores that the film moves with love. This makes it not only an almost unique but extremely rewarding tracking. The paradigms in the story are stressed continually, but so subtly that it is only when it is reflected in view that one is fully aware of it. For example, the names - Eve and Adam; the obsessive behavior of Emil on his wedding night, which shows that triviates have become the most important in their lives and predicted his potential suicide because he has no adequate purpose to keep him; a series of beautiful sequences depicting an erotic idea (bee pollinating a flower, lock key, broken necklace during Eva's love affair with Adam, etc.); and final post-suicide sequences that could be filmed in many different ways, but serve to highlight the importance for individuals of performing a kind of work that positively contributes to society as well as creating a new life to keep this society coming to us. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film I would rate it at 9 - even when compared to current works I would not have reduced it to below 8. For me the film will always stay "must see", I think my notes above suggest some distortion in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, the current rating of this film was distorted by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to the very short and relatively insignificant boredom of Hedy Kiesler who had trouble living in Hollywood (some critics who apparently did not see such classical films as Hypocrites, Hula, back to God's Land , Paradise bird or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, even mistakenly referred to it as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would be very different if the director decided to rewrite it. Two other thoughts; it is a Czech film that was published in 1933. Its final report on hard work, which brought a positive contribution to society, was to be very superficial to its viewers when a few years later their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was practically destroyed for at least two generations (I do not remember that these sequences were projected just after the war when I first saw this movie - they were removed from the copy I've seen?). Secondly, for me today, the main message is that the real beauty is often very transient, even though their memory can remain one-by-one. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured on the camera and seen again in our comfort.
