First, we get the "hoopl" out of the way. When Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women, and movies were the perfect means for many people to see her beauty on the canvas. Here we have Hedy as a young fresh January 20 speaks in her native Austrian. I recently bought an uncensored version of this classic 1932/3 music in 1990. We see a short close up of Hedy naked from his waist up, but still he has naked swim and escaped horses, director Gustav Machat uses an envelope of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show her in this famous scene; so do not overlook them being any lascivious close up or clinches. His friend, Pierre Nay keeps his clothes on all the time. Yes, quite courageous for his day, but as innocous it looks right through the eyes of 2003. <br /> <br /> According to other scholarly reviews, this film must deal with painting, expressionism and allegorical statements that create pictures of droplets of water that create ripples on the surface of pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. Sweet sound strings run for most lengths of "Extase," and the film has a "feel" of transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is very minimalist and economical, the story is mediated mainly by the facial environment and body gestures with a few words German-speaking actors with English subtitles below. Even these few words seem almost superflous in the general lyrical vein that passes through the film. <br /> <br /> The story of a young girl who married a much older man (why did not we ever tell him and what Eve saw in the same way? Money?), who is then imprisoned in a non-consumed and homeless marriage. Then he returns to the father who left his husband and her father lies on his son. After riding on her horse, Eve decides to swim in buff and to load her dress in her horse's saddle. But her horse has the same romantic ideas and praises to greet her grandmother. from the lake naked and trying to recover her mountain but the engineer sees and gets a horse at work, then looks around his owner.And so the romance is born.If her husband sees his opponent must win Eve, later decide to shoot but I thought that it was somewhat illogical and its main weakness with regard to his previous perfect relationship with Eve. Despite being a reissue of the VHS in 1990, the sound is 70 years old, it's a bit soft and with cracks in the background, according to the films of its age. After and the time of sadness of our nice friend is apparently so in love with Eve that she imagine as a mother with a child, so we have to assume that they live happily ever after. Just let yourself invent you and call your mind about the style of the movies even from the late 1930s vintage. This is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for its own cause and not just for his eye loving title. I put it 7/10.
