(There is no need to solve the plot as others have already done it.) It is understandable that many viewers will find a mistake in the movie that has risen as we are in the moment of slam-bang in today's film experience. On this background, the movie looks like Ecstasy, that he wandered from another planet. I think there are several reasons why. <br /> <br /> The most important thing is that the film develops poetically because the camera slowly passes through the surrounding hills, trees, clouds, etc. It provides a peaceful and lyrical feeling of the natural world that integrates men and women into their folds. Together, they reveal the style and size that is almost completely absent from today's technology theater, where rapid fire adjustment attempts to divert the audience's attention and not focus on it. In addition, the story is transmitted through the eye and not the ear, with almost no dialogue that explains what is going on. This is another extreme departure from today's very literal fare, where visuals seem to count only when they are excited by the audience. But perhaps most disturbing - the movie is sometimes strangely silent, not in the sense that the silent films are silent because we expected them to be. But in the sense that characters rarely speak when we expect it. Therefore, the burden of the story is shared between the filmmaker and the viewer. The first one has to choose his art to tell stories as they have to think about those visuals because they will not be explained. None of this is meant to thwart today's movie - the play. Just point out that a film like Machata is based on a very different aesthetic look from today's film. I'm not saying I'm better or worse. However, I think Ecstasy is a perspective that is neglected in today's film experience, where such "contemplative values ​​are commonly rejected as slow and boring." The film itself is not a masterpiece, although it sometimes reaches artistic heights, as well as in a beautifully composed beer garden with a final crane shot that uncovers a beautiful table below.Slow dolls in the country with a pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration are also beautifully expressed.That are scenes that you do not take, but instead - a half - a coincidence - silently accumulates into an experience that is unforgettable in its own way, such as "jaws." On the other hand, the film is sometimes cumbersome, as when Machata accumulates in the picture, especially in the final-to-the-work sequence. It's hard to know what to do from this somewhat disturbing presence. Symbolism may be associated with a heroic dimension which holds the hard work and love for the hero of the people in general - a theme that then promotes influential Soviet cinema. Nevertheless, his presence is unnecessarily exceeded. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I have to admit that I initially tuned in to see the beautiful Hedy LaMarra in buff. But now I have to admit that in this process I also got a lot more than peek-a-boo romp in the woods.
