Extasy (1933) (USA 1940) Cast: Hedy Lamarr (as Hedy Kiesler) <br /> <br /> The first sight of the world of 19-year-old Hedy Lamarra appears in the first moments of this 1930s treasure, a screen in an angel wedding dress. This was the beginning of a legendary career. This was our amazing introduction to the most beautiful woman who ever loved the silver screen. It's Eve (Lamarr) wedding night and her older husband seems to be uninterested in her romantic backups. She walked to a lonely bed and turned on her beautiful wedding rings with her wedding rings when she realized that her marital error had overcome her. The husband seems more interested in purity and order than he falls in love. Gustav Machaty uses gorgeous camera angles and untouchable cuts that capture Lamar's great talent and beauty. Without the words pronounced in the early part of the film, he can understand our sympathy, our hearts and our support. It was this combination that made the audience of 1930 for what they were about to see when the film unfolded. "Ecstasy" was considered shocking for its time ... Some thought it was scandalous. He returns home to his father's estate and gives divorce. The next day wakes up with a complete sense of freedom and happiness. He just has to go out and feel the freedom of nature and fresh air. Eva goes on a ride to ride through a beautiful lake. And in one of the most famous scenes in the history of the film, Hedy Lamarr became the first person to ever appear naked in a big movie. Her grin in the woods and her skinny adventure in the lake were legendary scandalous. But the audience could not stay away. As in many of today's films, controversy makes it a necessary film. <br /> <br /> Eve is a dirty adventure introducing her to a handsome young man who helps her find her horse running out of clothing. After a clumsy meeting they eventually fall apart. Their first romantic encounter was almost as controversial as the boring scene, with obvious waves of eroticism. Machats, however, in these romantic moments does a beautiful job. Machata creates one wonderful moment when Eve literally seems to fall to her new lover, using a superb first-class camera trick. It can not be overstated how courageous this performance was on Lamar's side. Many people thought it was a suicide career. Instead, she won worldwide glory and caught the eye of Louis B Mayer, who signed her contract with MGM. There are really erotic moments in this movie, even in today's unusual standards. It is impossible to imagine how they were adopted in the thirties of the last century. Machat was very clever with his imagination, so he devoted a lot of imagination. But we all understand very well what we see and it is very well done. The encounter of the former husband Eva and her current lover may be inevitable. The consequences of this meeting are not. The film in its final act takes several unexpected turns and everything makes a great story and a beautiful debut on the big stage of the movie star for Hedy Lamar. I highly recommend it to be a controversial one, now try the movie and invite you to look for it in its restored form on DVD. It's easy, though, just for the pleasure of seeing Hedy Lamarr. But the story is also convincing and the direction is ahead of his time. 'Ecstasy' is an unforgettable early treasure. Www.tccandler.com - TC Candlera movie reviews!
