I understand how filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie-and I understand how some can hate him completely (Ebert was one of the few people who could not understand why the people in the theater were not running). After the first look I'm not sure I could fall into one category, however as a man who can not get enough Kafka and the bizarre dark comedy of paranoia The tenant is efficient enough for his running time. Or maybe not - it's one of those cases when it could be more than a masterpiece, if it was half an episode of the Twilight Zone episode, Serling supplied the coda as Terkovsky (or whoever it might be (?)) Bed in the bandages. It is very similar to dealing with condemned protagonists as forgiveness, but it could be argued that there is more ambiguity, more sense of surrealism from persistent disintegration of character and location (and, frankly, better performance leader) than tenant . <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In the current state, he has the interest in rent, one that you do not care about other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant to Paris, the last one to win by Simone Choule, who jumped out of the window and died soon after . But the other tenants are conservative from the noise from the peak; after Saturday night at Terkovsky is with some friends, there are complaints about too much noise. It's not going to happen, Polanski's good-natured, but a bit nervous tenant says, but there's no peace even when moving a cabinet or chair. Soon complaints will be filed against another tenant, but from him? Can you register complaints? This is a case where there is not a very wrong identity, but a lack of peace between one another and the surrounding people. When the downward spiral continues, Polanski stretches tension (and lets say black comedic laughter) by showing Terkovsky in the middle of a terrible dream - one of the most powerful scenes of the Polanski of the season - and looking for a tooth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom on the other he's glad to add, it's always a movie song of horror and unreal madness). But in some way the film never feels that it's all a long way from its over-design as being a mind-f *** machine, with Terkovsky's tenant just seemingly that what seems for a moment: there is not so much tension when he finds out, that they really are not out to get him, which makes paranoia more self-realizing. At least once or twice, I thought why Polanski took the title role for himself? "It's not like he's a bad actor and he's found himself in a few movies and games that are not his own, but besides being great when looking at the unpleasant and tense, like in the church, or when he emerged when he thought he really was to force him to kill himself, his transformation was less scary than his tongue-to-face test, to see if he could pull it out, which he did not do completely, despite polanski working on looking at Terkovsky as a little and upset, I could see at least a few other actors who could take him out with more gentleness and personality disability, and when someone sees him, he moves between a quiet and real camp, especially when he comes to the end of the double climax (which is not a surprise, of course). Still, it is a pleasure for film fans and fans of the Polanski to see how they are trying to promote and integrate (Winters and Douglas do it best, even because they have to experience limited characters), and unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani heal and heavily during Bruce Lee's film or when he's really drunk or on an almost accidental scene, where the child strikes near the fountain, are rather great and on their own. It's a very good movie and one that could attract attention to too many coffee after midnight. But a crucial film? Inaccurately.
