One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this movie agrees that it's very scary. Other movies in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also scary, but they are all different in what makes them haunted, but they all deal roughly with the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Certainly, staring people are very scary, each of them shaking behind my spine, which has never been able to sit still. Again, if you've seen two more of these films, I'm sure it will be totally spooky because you're starting to expect the typical features of Polanski that you think you've got, are aware of you and will always tease you with simple things personally every time Trelkovsky turns slowly, I'll jump to jump, maybe it's me, but I felt it was supposed to be, though it was pretty tiny, there's no music in those moments. <br /> <br /> Actor's acting was pretty good, mostly from Polanski, the other characters in the movie do not have enough time to get rid of the lead. Polanski really proves to be a versatile great filmmaker, not only that he can direct and write great movies but can actually act as well. I do not think there is any other better person who could pull the figure of Trelkovski, Polanski settled perfectly. I like to watch movies where the director is also separated from the main cast, for me it really emphasizes their fantastic versatility and talent that I very much respect. One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, it is a French film funded by the US and also commercially successful, mostly in English. There are parts that are very obvious that there was dubbing, and I do not know why it is but 3/4 of the time when the oak is getting a complete wrong person to make the oak. There are women in the movie who talk when it is obvious that it's an oak, but they got the worst person to vote, it was a serious pain in my ears when I heard it, it had the loudest voice I heard it for a while, it seemed I do not know what it means, it was a little figure. He sincerely preferred to just leave him as he was shot, part of it in French and his parts in English because the dubbing in this movie was pain and was not close (two completely different films, I know) the high standard of another movie that he did a similar thing that was, The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. I realize this is not a big problem, but when you realize it, it's unpleasant, but I'm sure you will not sit here for a long time and try to read your lips what they say, whether you know French. /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski is that it lets you think you know him, you know his style, which you do in some aspects, but you really do not see what's behind that corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films, which I think is truly enhancing. Personally, I think it's the best of all three, I'm not sure what's going on but they're very close at their size. Termination is fantastic, it's so easy to lose it for a long time, and nowhere. I decided not to think so much, just to have my personal opinion and let it go. <br /> <br /> I have leaned and I really did not give a glimpse of what makes this movie so great, I do not think so I will do it quickly here. If you liked repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee that you will enjoy this movie. For those who are too unhappy to see them, I recommend you check this movie if you are looking for something that is quite a scary movie that is quite intelligent, especially the end, even if you are looking for something that deals with mind paranoia even, although it is better to put it under the resistance.
