Here is an example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose position seems timely. "Tenant" is quite interesting work of Polanski, one of the first of his European exile. It is located in Paris and, as in many exile films, the city, its streets, the Seine and, in particular, the building in which the event takes place, play an important role. It is Polanski who chooses his main character not to be an American (as in "Frantic"), but to the Polak himself in the West. There is really a lot of personal commentary in this movie that was created during the crisis in the life of the director, and the fact that he chose to play the lead role (masterfully) can also be seen as some sort of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's a circular story in its own way. A hero named Trelkovskij rented an apartment in an old Parisian building, inhabited by what seems to be the most diverse team of immoral old or just ridiculous neighbors. The former former tenant attempted to commit suicide by leaping out of the apartment window, and Trelkovskij had time to visit her in the hospital before she died and meets her young and beautiful girlfriend, Stella (in the first role of Isabelle Adjani after Truffaut's L'histoire d 'Adele H.'). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it's a conspiracy that makes him mad or make him enter into the life and role of a dead girl. He fights, tries to escape, enters the game and ends up by entering the circle and slowly becoming her. The circle is closed. It is not the most fair story we could see or hear, but the strength of the film is not in the story, but in the details of psychology, the slow degradation of the hero's mental state, the constant balance between reality and deception. To some extent, it is not important what's going on on the screen, but how it is, reminiscent of the classic "Knife in the Water" that took place more than a decade ago, at the end of the Polish Polanski era. There are many details that are never explained, but then there must be such mysterious movies and it is actually how it is sometimes life. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the last part of the film are not very well done, and English-spoken dialogs (the film was created in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch scene is very demanding for patience. It's not the best film Polanski did, he still has many good parts, he shows the director's hand and style and was a significant step in building his career.
