When this film opened in 1976, the legend considers that he met with massive jesting and contempt - he was widely regarded as a failure. I remember alive that Ebert gave him one star and it was reportedly worse in Cannes. Apparently these movies did not understand, which is hard to understand, because it is very esoteric, dark and layered in a way that amazes me. When reading many reviews, I will find (even after about 7-8 views over the years) many of the elements of the movie I've been surprised before. But without understanding the psychological background of the story, it's still a cracking suspect ... even if you just took an escalation of paranoia and a persecution that overcomes Polan's title character as a tsunami wave during its two-hour run. br /> <br /> Investigating the source material --- the excellent novel by the underestimated writer Roland Topor --- reveals more interesting layers. Polanski's Trekovsky is the highest order milquetoast. Though he seems to be once again another moderate day-to-day soul, he gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to be passing helplessly through life and letting him direct. He seems to have little strong feelings about his hobbies and ruthlessness. He found himself pushing so easily, but never seems to bend too much. This unclear kind of desire, which is much more striking in the novel than the film, but there are signs of what appeared in the film. <br /> <br /> Creating a game for a women's flat, Mademouiselle Choule, who recovers from a recent suicide attempt in the hospital, appears to be the most daring thing he has ever attempted (even to effectively cushion the cost of the deposit in the store). He soon finds out that he's paying for his "good thing" more than he cares about, because he finds himself in the middle of a mist-tinted building full of neurotic, control jaws who are hypersensitive even to the smallest sign of human life, such as a potty or knock on the doors. Instead of becoming Trelkovskij, the situation is becoming more and more alienated and feigned by paranoia and a sense of persecution. She becomes obsessed with Choule, she imagines she is like her, she dresses like her, etc., Because his own personality will quickly begin to wipe his own madness. If anyone ever doubted Polanski's fearless artists, they will be able to see this movie well. His black humor is clearly (and sometimes embarrassing) exposed and - God blesses him - he does himself. It's a tour de force in one of the richest, most risky, most gothic horror movies ever shot. That more people do not see it as a real crime.
