I'm a pretty old dude, old enough to remember the taste of Oreos and coke 50-55 years ago when every taste of the baby was fresh. I wish I had somehow put aside, then there was some magical locked cabinet so I could taste those things today. This magical cabinet could even modify the food cloth to match how physically and otherwise I was immersed in a kind of dynamic chemistry of expectation. In half a century, they would have to adapt a little because you see I knew I was putting them aside. Eating one would now be a celebration of himself and the past, the story, and the sense that rewards would almost be expected over the years. I had no reason to make the original coke. And could not I invent one of those magic psychic boxes? not then. But I did something so good. In the 1970s, I really taught Roman Polanski. Was it a strange and exotic pleasure? you know movies that have been smuggled by the Soviet bloc. Movies so sensitive to the beauty you cry a few weeks after. Movies that want to live with Polish women, and then you decide to be the last to come. Here's what I did. I took what I knew would be my favorite Polanski movie and put him aside. I did not look at it. I deferred until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it. Over the years, I have tested myself, my ability to surround beauty and define it without occupying it. Probably there are some Poles who work on it, training to deserve Chopin. Work deserves femininity when I see it. I'm trying to get in from the edges. Recently, I have achieved something to be sure that it is time to take it. I already knew that I was already at a time when it worked optimally because I had already seen and understood the "9th Gate". If you do not know it, it's about a man who innocently rents a room where the previous tenant (whose story he is named) jumped out of the window to die later on this man (Polanski played) visits. What happens, that time is composed and he becomes this woman. We are deceived by believing that he is just crazy. But we did not follow him. It just flashes that the world is normal and that the surrounding people are not part of a convention that would distort it. The story hardly matters. It depends on how Polanksi shapes this thing, and in the same way, he inhabits an eye that only creates the edges and inhabits a body that consists of confused meat. The two never meet. There is a mismatch that can make me change over the next 30 years. His thought on and inside and out without edges? nothing but a jerk of a wig. I know of anyone else who could do it, this sketch, which remains sketchy, the horror that remains natural. <br /> <br /> genius of this, you must know one of the greatest movies ever shot; "Back window." The genius of this film is a post-noir notion that the camera shapes the world; that the viewer creates a story. What Roman does is to film this film and turn it in. In the back window, it was thought that the screen viewer (Jimmy Stewart) was an anchor, and everything else was fiction, woven as we watched. This is where the filmmaker lives. We know that. We know that everything we see is true because it is a narrator. We know that it is true that the bodies exchange the identity that times change that causality is plastic. We know the narrator will kill us. We know that the narrator will leave us in constant horror, at the edge that he attributes to us, but he never gives us and lets us imagine. <br /> <br /> Ted's Evaluation - 4 of 3: Every cineliterate should experience this.
