Anthony Mann's West, with Jimmy Stewart, is slowly getting the director's position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in the genre. Surely he knows how to give a nice guy to Stewart - in Mann's films Jimmy's edge is slowly being shown to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73 it was Stewart's relationship with his brother, and how he turned himself in a position of revenge. Here is the "I believe only" position, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the film begins to kill, as Jeff Webster kills two of his hired cowboys who helped drive Cattle to Seattle because of a dispute (we are never convinced - either wanting to leave a cattle drive or trying to steal cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his struggle in Skagway, a port where he must get to get the flock to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a so-called Gannon codewriter (John McIntyre), which reminds one of Skagway's real Gold Rush leaders Jefferson's "Soap" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would be as delicate as Gannon when he turned every opportunity into a chance to make some money. Stewart's flock interrupted public hanging - so (as a fine) the herd was confiscated (later sold for Gannon's profit). Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan, who strangely won his last Oscar, playing as Judge Roy Bean). They are also associated with Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and friendly and helpful Renée Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda is working closely with Gannon, but she helped Jeff earlier when she flew to Seattle. However, she has a similar "I Just Trust" attitude to Jeff. He offers him the job to get to Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while others sleep) they come back and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his colleagues follow. Jeff puts Gannon away long enough for a herd of cattle to be transported across the Canadian border, even though Gannon points out that from the moment Jeff has to go back on the Skagway, Gannon can wait to hang him. The united side of Rhonda and Jeff split along the trail to marry Dawson, Jeff decided for a longer and safer journey. After being properly proven, they go on his way and get to Dawson just to find out that there is a community-threatening element due to the golden fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee are starting to look. There are two groups in Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wanted to build a decent city. But Mounties will not be in Dawson for months. The second one, which focuses on Rhonda's "dancehall," is in a cafe with Gannon, who has an extensive meeting with his gang rifle (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in one sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wishes to avoid both sides and play with new wealth and Ben for the ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff stay neutral? Actor's performances are dandas, including Stewart as a man who is willing to face all the incoming, but otherwise he would be quite calm. Brennan plays one of his patented old varieties, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly poor results. Flippen is initially drunk, but tragedy and responsibility have shaken him in a better frame of mind - and a person who has the ability to punch Stewart into the heart with Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would have won Ward Bond on WAGON TRAIN on TV, replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as a villain (like his casual trader who overcomes WINCHESTER '73). He is, as it is said elsewhere on this thread, really dirty - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mixture of opportunists and human beings, whose fate is influenced by their better feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a border of "Gigi," who realizes she is more than a young girl but a beginning woman. The best of all is the background of Canadian rocks - like the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann has certainly done the first-rate work that drives this movie, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
