Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, such as the mind of classics such as "Rosemary's Baby" and "Chinatown". Probably what makes Polanski's cinema very interesting is the fact that while he is capable of creating commercially attractive films such as the masterpieces mentioned above, he is also glad to make low-key movies that are more personal in nature. "Le Locataire" or "Tenant" is one of these films; horror / thrilling story of paranoia and obsession, which is one of his best works and probably among the best horror he ever did. Polanski himself plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally finds one, he finds it empty, because the previous tenant Simone Choule tried to kill himself by jumping out the window. After Simone dies of injuries, Trelkovsky becomes obsessed with her until the age that her death was caused by the other tenants in the building. His other film films ( "Repulsion &" Rosemary's Baby "), the film focuses on the bizarre plot that may or may not be fully Trelkovského head catastrophic effects of paranoia on his mind and bizarre obsession he has with the previous tenant. <br / > <br /> Trelkovský descent into darkness is perfectly rendered Polanski. While initially his appearance seems strange and wood, slowly finds that Polanski is so because Trelkovský to be involved with such a simple man with almost no life, who finds himself in this strange underworld, which is inhabited by a collection of bizarre people. Supporting actors really put people's lives in the building, creating memorable characters are the film's success is very important. also, the beautiful cinematography by Polanski employs in the film, helping to increase the feeling of isolation and gives life a beautiful building , which serves as a cage for Trelkovsky Teran Polanski uses to spread the feeling of confusion and madness, are supernatural beauties that makes them both terrifying and appealing. If there's an error in the movie, it's definitely a bit slow at first. it may sound like a turning point, but in fact the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly, as it imitates Trelkovsky's own boring life and gradually enters another sphere. Also, a complicated plot is not easy to understand because of the many complex layers it has. However, more than a flaw is a joy to face a thoughtful conspiracy like this one. <br /> <br /> While the tenant does not have to be for everyone interested in psychological horror and surreal stories, it will be delighted. "Le Locataire" is really one of the masterpieces of Roman Polanksi. 10/10
