This is mostly a story of a growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). He watches Jeff instantly in a brief meeting on the Skagway Steamship and looks for a long while hiding in his cabin while the authorities are looking for a murder charge. They found out that they have common things in addition to social attraction. They do not believe a member of the opposite sex, apparently because they were both married to the wives who cheated them. Gradually they will learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda has a close relationship with the corrupt Sheriff Gannon, and deals with some shady work at the herbal lounge in Skagway. Eventually he has to make a decision between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, René, a young naive French woman, immediately falls in love with Jeff, but in return only gets offensive brushes. Yet he keeps him in his way from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, he treats him back to health after Jeff is left behind Gannon's dead gunmen for his golden claim. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves as a longtime assistant to Jeff. It does not have a mass role, but serves to alleviate Jeff's hard edges. His disappearance symbolically opens the door for a female replacement woman behind Jeff. John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) apparently makes the most charismatic top boss of a city you've ever seen on a movie that radiates charm and humor. along with his bullying. Of course, he sees something in Jeff, repeatedly claiming he will like it. He makes a credible incarnation of the infamous soap that has spent his last years in Skagway as one of the most popular of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is an essential anti-hero, alone (except companion Ben), who does not want to push his neck for others, even though he knows he's the right person to work. In this regard, it is very similar to the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. So Jeff not only rejects Dawson's job, he is convinced that Dawson leaves Gannon's gang, with clear intentions to take on all the insufficiently legitimate demands of gold, while removing some miners and indicating that the rest is rushing to leave Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that they and Jeff hurry out of Dawson when they're still alive. Then Jeff has a sudden change of heart, a seemingly still caregiving desire for vengeance for filming Ben and himself. He changed from an anti-hero to a hero when he led the expulsion of Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this respect, it differs from the character of Lancaster, which is never reformed (But Jeff has really changed or just avenged for bad disputes against his own interests?) The main problem I see with conspiracy is two principled women. It is obvious that Ronda is the right woman to try Jeff. Although clearly identified as a "bad" girl, Jeff has recently had a past last past, shot at least 5 men in the US or Yukon and stole his cattle from Gannon. The irony is that soon after Jeff turns from a hero to a hero, Rhonda will make a similar change in street running to warn Jeff of Gannon, disappear as a result, and Jeff asks her why she has not only found herself (the allegedly abandoned creed !). Obviously, Corine Calvert, like Renee, simply does not make a credible substitute for dead Ron, in Jeff's mind. The apparent consequences of the scary scene, however, are that they gather, although Jeff will never visibly give her a kiss or embrace. Her image as a good, though naive, young woman is somewhat threatened by her employment in the Rhonda Lounge, where miners moving who are weighing in gold dust, pushed the fragmented dust on the floor and later recovering it. I am also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, the middle age climbing mountain who followed her and claims to be with her. (She is not her father). Another problem is the amateur handling of a gun fighting between Jeff and Gannon's gang. If Gannon had any skill with a gun, he'd have to kill or seriously injure Jeff under this promenade before Jeff did it anyway. And how did Jeff misfire in his right hand, suddenly he got so well that he shot the gun with apparent ease? I'm also interested in what Jeff and friends have done to help save the avalanche victims. They were too far away to take them out of the snow. And why was not most of Ronda's horses and muls buried in avalanches? You will find that among the miners and Gannon's gang you will see a number of probably unknown but familiar faces. Sequences shot in the Canadian Rockies provide a wonderful backdrop for the event. All-in-all, very entertaining Western, with most of the main shortcomings centered at the end. There is no doubt that this film has some great freedom with history and geography, especially the part that took place in Yukon, Canada, which was in fact much darker than the American Skagway.
