EXTREMITY is a distracting, yet inconspicuous, screen version of William Mastriosimone (which has customized her own screen game) about a woman who is attacked in her car by a planned murderer on the way home and is terrified when she realizes that a man has a purse and knows where he lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the guy appears at her home and tries to rape her. The story surprisingly twists when the woman turns the tables at a moment and manages to overcome it; but when he realizes that there is no way to prove the rape, and if the man is arrested, he will just act, he decides to keep the prisoner in the house until he can get out of it. Distant? Maybe. Disturbing? Sure, but about this movie, especially in the middle with just that woman and the attacker, you have a wonderful claustrophobic feeling that you can not help but feel completely as part of what's happening. I did not see playing on Broadway, but I thought some of it worked better on the scene, but it had nothing to do with it. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play on Broadway, won the role of Marjorie in the film version and brings a tense and deeply moving performance as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics consider Fawcett's performance as one comment, but for me, Marjorie is a woman completely restrained by what she has gone through and performance works for me. James Russo, in pursuit of his career, is slim and threatening as a potential assailant who finds Marjorie much more challenging than he had anticipated. Alfreda Woodard and Diana Scarwid cooperate as Marjorie's roommates who returned home after Marjorie overcame the guy and let him hook up and stuff him in the fire. And that's the arrival of the roommates who took the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what we saw Marjorie go through, so I think he should call the police and let them handle them. It's not for the weak heart, but if you can, grasp the film experience docked by the leading performance that will surprise you.
