(SPOILERS IN THE FIRST PARAGRAPH) This anti-German sentiment of this film seems painfully dated, but it is a great example of great propaganda after the war. It was back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all of his later Best Picture Academy Awards, he never did a very good soundtrack.) This film lacks the comedy of most other Pickford movies, and it really was DeMille's movie, not Pickford's. The misuse of Germans can be compared with the "British Patriot" of 2000 did the same. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain, who had the ironic name Austreheim. They even even had Pickford's way to a luxury ship that was torpedoed by a German submarine. So what's going to make Americans go to war more? Sinking Lusitania, or watching the favorite Canadian import of America that sinks in it? Throughout DeMille, he runs his protagonist from one kind of terrible calamity to another, scarcely escaping death, hypotermy, corruption, rape, execution, and explosions that set off in the right place to keep it undamaged. The way it is rescued from the palisade is no more credible than the way the people of Jurassic Park were eventually rescued from velociraptors. If I were grateful to such propaganda, I would be punished for having some German ancestry. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? In addition to the humorous running gag about Americans abroad who think they are inviolable? was it a joke even then? you may not have fun. You find it rather a little melodramatic and seemingly unilateral, but the first thing that came to my attention after watching it is that it was years before Potemkin's fake display of the massacre revolved around the cinema language as well as the film's propaganda potential. I wanted to know what happened to Cecile B. DeMille? Somewhere between the arrival of the sound and the "Biggest Show on Earth" apparently lost its ambition. Ben Hur looked dear but not ambitious. In the sentence, this film is intended for 1) film historians, 2) for Tile Silent Film, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) fans of DeMille, if any.
