This first-class western story of gold rush brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Land Distant" is the only one of the five Western Stewart-Mann people who are often overlooked. Stewart again brings a new look to the ever-present personality he had in the five Western Western Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is unbelievable, always looking at himself, so he is so surprised when people are nice and loving. The irony is that he is wearing a bell on his saddle that will not be without a rider. This shows that he could take care of one person - his assistant, Ben Tatum, who plays Walter Brennan, because Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann brings a new look to the still-present personality he has put into the five western countries of Stewart-Mann. Shows violence, excitement, plot, romance, and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, get to the rich, fast growing city of Dawson, along with the golden partners Calvet and Flippen, and nothing good but beautiful Roman and her hired men. They can not leave because they are hanged by a crooked sheriff, Mr Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" because the only way out is Skagway, the city of Gannon. But eventually McIntire comes to them but does not collect Stewart and / or his fine that he owes the government. What's McIntire? It is there to cheat bananas from their claims and money. People are killed. Sheffield for Dawson is considered necessary and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a gun. But Stewart refuses to work because he plans to get all the gold he can and then pull. He also rejects this because he does not like to help people because law and order always kills someone. So instead, Flippen is chosen. Miner is killed because he's trying to build one of Gannon's men, a pure evil marshall named Madden who carries two weapons played by Wilke. Flippen will try to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he can not stand up with him, so he becomes a drunkard of the city. A man named Yukon will replace Flippen. Stewart and Tatum are starting to pull off, but they are attacked by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes he has to do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, set his own rules and become his city, just like Skagway. Audiences are also aware of what Stewart has to do. Another thing that the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing between the cities and Gannon. If Stewart left, Gannon took over the city. If Stewart stays and does nothing about it, the city's inhabitants will be killed one after another mercilessly and unnecessarily. Here's a great scene. Stewart walked into his cabin. He has dust on his hands. For a few seconds, his pistol, in a gun, hangs on the pillar next to the bed, the weapons are close up, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. He looks at it for a few seconds. Dismisses the dust away. The cord is on the back of the chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic because it throws away its old life, which is that it does not concern someone else. Comes to a new life, helps people when they need help. At the end of the film, the weapons - a flaming, furious demonstration of goodness against evil and a real feeling - a good feeling that everything will be all right.
