I like this show very much. I can easily see how he achieved a cult status. It's original and thoughtful. For some reason, I never felt what sort of resonance I could have. It does not bind such an open door, the coldness of the winter, which should come from such an amazing assumption. Each time I look at an episode, I find myself trying and trying to answer an unnamed, formless question. Before it goes on, let me prevent this by saying that what follows is my opinion and my only opinion. Different strokes for different people. I would love to see more scenes in the "American Gothic" that were shot at night. There is too much daylight in this show and I think she tends to counter this tension. We are not afraid of daylight, after all. We're concerned about what's in the shadows. The Devil is not always in detail. What we do not see is often the most scary. <br /> <br /> Second - and this is one that will probably lead to tars and feathers: Gary Cole is an enormously gifted actor ... character actor. I watched his career from The Brady Bunch, and that's why my pain says he's probably a miscast like Lucas Buck. It is almost too petrochemical, too affectionate to be the embodiment of evil, even according to biblical standards. Lucas Buck is a narcotic. He's Heroin. He's free in the kitchen in the lab next to the Drain-O gallon. You continue, even though you know the end will be madness and death. It should be like the ultimate amazing shark. He is the creator of the book, but also of unspeakable condemnation. Sure. You have the money and first you will have broken fingers; a cut-off hand, a cut-off head and finally a bloody soul. As for Buck, it's a desperate profit, and whenever it's around, there should be some immediate, ultimate - day-to-day hobby - in the air. <br /> <br /> It's all far, and when you realize it, you'll also know it's too late. Which leads me to three, showed Buck too often. In most scenes, it's actually what caused him to lose the boundary. The sheriff would be like the mythology of the side door. It's an apocryphal acquaintance. Many would know about it, but only a few unhappy would actually recognize him. It would be a lot of flashes and mysterious conversations, and the perfect person who would deliver this conspiracy mission would be a representative of the character that Nick Sharcy portrayed. Four, awe - some might say - and this is typical of the song "Meet Me at the Fishing Hole" in the pilot series. I think we've already found that what Cassidy and Raimi were shooting were anti-Andy Taylor. We probably did not need the concept that was delivered to us through Fed Ex. I gathered it in the first five minutes, so for me the piano on my head was not useless. These notes relate to everything that, FOR ME, has made great shows great. I also understand that the producers had their own unique style and that there were many hands in the soup. In their eternal efforts in LCD programming, the network played a role in the end of this series. At least what these cosmic suits could do was make episodes alright. <Br /> <br /> Get real. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's a heavy loss for both fans of the genre and occasional audiences.
