Absolute spoilers in this review! I like the American Gothic Guitar and I have done it since I first saw it for the first time in the night when I first came to Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. Comparison with Stephen King is absolutely correct. It is a little supernatural excitement, but fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and the reason I love it so much is that it's never been black and white! Lucas Buck, even though he lacks conscience, often acts as he says, and gives people enough ropes to hook them. His manipulation works only because of the weak morale of other people. Caleb, though a generally thoughtful, dear, invisible boy can occasionally show the latent dark side he has inherited from his father. None of the characters are quite good or bad, even with Angela Merlin, who showed an angry side with no vengeance at The Morgue Seower. Not only that, but with Gaill, closest to the mate for Caleb, not only to sleep, but to fall in love with Lucas, despite all she knows, she realized that this show would just go and she would not apologize. I am a huge Buffy fan, but when this show was really "dark" in later seasons, she did not succeed because she lost her humorous side and failed to fully devote her ideas. AG shows that you can have a morally failing figure right in the heart of the show and still have the laughter to do it. I can not even think about why it was canceled, I'm too angry at this ridiculousness. So many TV trash and good, original shows are kicked and stamped. Thanks to the appearance of DVD, at least I see the show in its fullness! Yes, some of the visual visions are dated to this day, but the scary strange atmosphere is well provided with a story. The actors also all give such perfect performances that they do more than compensate for some special camera. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone does not like it is that it's not X-files, where are the cases "solved" or lost, where there are huge unanswered questions. It is obvious that Lucas Buck has some evil powers and that this is a fight for Caleb's soul. So this show can disappoint people who are looking for purpose or the unknown "truth" they find. Yes, there are some mysterious unanswered aspects, some relate, for example, to the truth about Gails' parents, but unlike Lost and X, this show does not concern attempts to find more "facts" about what is happening in the IMO. It's all about the attitudes and the way they face the moral decision in the twisted world of the Trinity. Personally, I would get such a trench when I saw Lucas turn every situation to his advantage. <br /> <br /> Overall, I have to say it's CHECK IT OUT. I'm sure most fantastic / horror fans will love it. Even if it was canceled, all the characters have arcs and there is enough in the final to make some sense of closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. It should not be strange in recent episodes. <br /> <br /> I would do anything for the second season, but at least all the 22 episodes existed, and maybe I've gotten helpless as some TV bosses seem to be glad to have this wonderful show ever made !! !
