This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to being such a thing) ... instead, but a valet to Prince Regent, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, this hole never happened ... his character had an innocent spell ... while he was a stinking and complete fool, we can not help him, but we care about him, which does not even pay for his replacement) as daunting Daft (apparently on the Trivia page) apparently not talking and not totally threatening. Edmund can now do what he likes and he does. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, sometimes depressed)? Yes, his master is a jester, they are always. He seems to lack money, nor is he in any danger. In the second series, the queen was dirty and childish, and she broke somebody's head-or took it-on a whim. Here is simply not enough to make the conflict exciting and interesting. There is still a comment and even a little satire. Too often it seems as if they think history is fun enough in itself, so they just repeat it without bothering to actually turn the facts into jokes or gags. And I can not tell you how many of them I have come to realize before they are over, literally in more than a minute. It's not usually positive if you know the punchline before it's delivered. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... he's still somewhat pathetic and stupid, leading to "stupid" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not get me to work on rough things. A sarcastic, verbal joke can still be great, even if it is much less than before. I think about half of the episodes were fun and funny, while the other three did not really get me. I was disappointed with how some of them and their developments could be predictable ... It was seen that many of them were approaching a mile. Some materials try too hard to be funny and come as incredibly compelled. This continues with the tradition that begins with "II" when the plans are sometimes solved. The theme is the worst of the group, credits are the least creative. Overall, it's by far the most popular of all four. I recommend it to franchise fans and British comedy in general. 7/10
