Unfortunately, in such cases as these, there are so many conflicting stories as everyone tries to blame others that it is almost impossible to get a clear idea of ​​what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. Writers (too many) have decided to take all the stories and give them the viewers to allow them to decide which versions of truth they like best. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience remains with a general outcry of being unfulfilled (like decaffeinated coffee or sex without climax). Whodunnits without whodunnit are generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone did not do research before they put them out. At least take your film as a fiction, if that's what it means (and it does). This does not mean there are no great performances. Kilmer (as Holmes) does an extraordinary role in bringing some humanity to what is otherwise unpleasant nature. Kilmer and real-life lovers and friends who looked at the film let the audience see a selfish, unsettled human being who, although her mistakes were many and great, was loved and cared for by many (apart from each other). Kudrow as Holmes's wife just gives a glimpse of a dramatic actress that can be, but it's a very striking and unforgettable glimpse. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complicated as she might be, and she needed to prove another internal conflict to believe what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (she turned it six months after fleeing to Florida). Bosworth's apple-face performance is uncomfortable at times, sometimes touching but not showing any of the backbone of the actual Schiller had to be obsessed. Other characters are losing in wood, which is a shame. Lucas is a great artist who could put his teeth in this role if he was emblazoned for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as drug dealer biker. <br /> <br /> The failure of this movie is not in this cast, but in writing. Too many chefs spoil soup, and this kettle, filled with such a big promise, finally strokes you. Story and characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in what movie is this not? Other movies, such as a cowboy apothecary in 1989 starring Matt Dillon (who was allegedly asked to take over and reject this role), worked on a similar theme and mastered it to the point that you felt a relationship with the main character until the end of the movie what he did. Van Sandt could give James Cox and his crew several lessons. If anyone bothered to try to find the truth, it would be an interesting story. As such, you will find a more fascinating WADD document (in two DVDs) and much more informative. From the DVD you realize that Holmes was not bad, but not very good, because it is the majority of people.
