John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as three amigores say). This is a story similar to Rashomon about the Wonderland murder events of the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is related to the narrative of several participants. There's a story from a friend's point of view, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is involved in a robbery attack on Eddie Nash's place (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer - and is assumed to have the same character as Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily on the drug scene. There is a view of John Holmes' (played by Val Kilmer), which makes it like a pawn stuck between two kings (with a tough cocaine case). There is also patchwork memories of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fill the gaps between two stories. It is basically the same timeframe we look at, only the version of each character. The only thing missing is the view from the dead. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights Paul Thomas Anderson portrays John Holmes as a bit heroic character with a tragic but comic karm. It's a real man's cartoon. He was a rather less, mixed boy who got what he got because of his "big" subsidy. Director James Cox tells a comedy and makes this episode in John's life in the nightmare for all of us watching. Detailed information about real-life assassinations makes this movie much more mysterious. Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from the Door, improved performance for the Salton Sea and then further improved it to bring us a worsening of John Holmes through cocaine. All actors will bring a very realistic view of cocaine drugs. The performance of Josh Lucas excels as one of the best in the movie. Starring Ron Launius (I think this character should be the same as Thomas Jane from Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, he loved John Holmes as a novelty, and had cocaine as the sharks bled with blood. Using cocaine is so realistic that you think. Did they really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights feels bubble pop (lots of color and nostalgia 70), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with lots of jumps. It's a jerk and grain. There is no comedy, never endless pace, as if the director tried to get us into a nervous, fast-pacing, nervous cocaine to feel what he felt. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in the movie. In fact, it shows the murders themselves (first by the eyes of John Holmes and then by the third person). It's so graphic, it looks like police evidence of crime. After this scene I had to pause and remind myself that it was just a movie. This film is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend this as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those who are interested in the other parties of John Holmes. <br /> <br />
