I recently got into the habit of buying some interesting DVDs released by Criterion. I think that even if I did not like the film, Criterion usually supplies enough material to compensate for the deficiencies in the real movie. I read them and bought those that are most interesting to me. Le Million is my last purchase and I must say that I was not disappointed in the movie. It's funny, fun and romantic. It's all good about that. The songs are wonderful. If I understood the French, I would probably blabber them and sing them all day. Actor acting is very good for this kind of film. American musicals of the classical Hollywood era relied more on song and dance than on real characters and the story, but in Le Million the characters are relatively well developed and the story, without anything extraordinarily impressive, is missing. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between my best friends, Michel and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very developed. The direction is almost perfect, with some very unforgettable moments. Probably the most perfect scene of the movie occurs just after the lead couple has an argument. They hide on the stage of the opera performance, and opera singers sing lines that Michel and Beatrice interpret to their own situation. This is definitely one of the highest points in cinema history. I managed to laugh at the scene, rebuked me with a very romantic romance, and made me grin at how clever the director was. I give this movie 9/10. <br /> <br /> - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the Criterion I'm doing and planning to buy. Among the criteria discs that I now own, Le Million has the smallest features. All he has is a photo gallery (it's not all useful, one could change once) and a rare TV interview with Rene Claire, director. This piece is interesting. He was one of the many directors who started in a silent film, and when the hearing first appeared, he said they were the film's death. I think most filmmakers will understand what these directors meant when they said it, but it is interesting to hear, as it explains. Also, if you read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, keep in mind that they were wrong in one important aspect: not every movie in the movie is sung. In fact, it does not contain any more songs than a regular musical instrument. It's actually much more like Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticism on disk is not so important. Crucifix, the Criterion has the right to make me make the complaints. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours when they made a movie voted by only 20 people (now 21), and only about a hundred people if they ever saw it. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, you will not find Le Million anywhere. I have no idea why not. It's something they really should be proud of (their website is surprisingly terrible, of course). They did a great job in this movie. Bravo! He deserves all the money I can give them!
