Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just starting to do some social work, is sent to help the older semi-catatonic woman Emma (Grace Zabriskie) after her former Yoko manager (Yoko Maki) disappears. Karen soon learns that something is not in Emmy's house, and she's trying to "see how a rabbit is going." Maybe it's the delayed effect of M. Night Shyamalan's success, but slower, underestimated horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), moving tends to kill the movie. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and search, but it's still a very good movie - I get 9 out of 10. Grudge has several significant differences from the other recent examples of this trend. One, it is well known that it is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (especially it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, 2003). Two, as with many Japanese horror films, the slower stepping is not so realistic in drama as in surrealism. As in the case of a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should look more at the movie nightmare. Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of five Japanese records in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production) and writer Stephen Susco, largely dispensed with linearity and not too concerned with the logic or conspiracy of the hole as to the horror of story. The idea is where the sensational scene of scenes appears, with the dream logic, where the atmosphere, the craze, the curiosity, and for many audiences - fears. How well the movie works will depend largely on how well you can adapt, or you are accustomed to this distinct approach to making movies (though some seeming gaps are filled with previous Ju-Series series records). American audiences traditionally consider bugs that leave conspiracy threads and leave the "rules" for the "monster." A poetic, metaphorical, unrealistic approach to the film has not yet been adopted by the mainstream in the United States. Even though you are not used to it, it is worth stopping your normal movie prejudices and giving The Grudge a shot. It is a well-written, well-directed and well-engineed film filled with unusual features such as a story interwoven with a large number of "main characters" (which is better than more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography (look at Gellar clothing that matches the color and structure of the Emmy house's exterior when Gellar first approaches) and the beautifully effective horror material. Though it is slower that your average horror film from the past is causing a slowdown in news, and there is no shortage of bizarre events that would be horror fans. The supernatural assumption of the film is absorbed, and on the basis of DVD conversations with Shimizu, I am urged to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. While the most interesting subtexts are likely to arise with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think why so many Japanese horror films include terrifying children and adults who look like frightening children. <br /> <br /> I deferred a single point for a movie that is slightly intertwined with the mysterious / thriller cliché with what's really happened, but it was even quite well done and otherwise it would have been 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I've said everything above, let me end up with a mini-rant: It's not that I'm an anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that American distributors and studio feel that we need a remake of foreign films, to be suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should be played at American Broadcasting Theaters. There is no need to present the almost identical film, but just to replace white American actors for non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a great movie, but in the end I would rather see something original using this talent and I have to deal with the latest foreign horror - not only Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. - on my multiplex. In the hope that someone with some attractiveness to study it is also more cost-effective because (1) you can completely avoid the cost of production and simply create domestic distribution agreements from which you make a profit, and 2) you can make money for fans, like me, who else choose foreign DVDs in foreign or even bootleg versions.
