Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears T-shirt "Hulk" and is daily set to perform his duties as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength in collecting other garbage and transporting it to a municipal landfill. Reads comic heroes and loves wrestlers and wrestling, going to WrestleMania with his twin Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. She kindly talks to the many people he came into contact with. He reads the comics he finds in the basket, with the young boy he often goes through while on the trash. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominic's disability was caused by head injuries in which he suffered from traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury left him slower, even though he did not change his basic characteristics as a strong individual who helps protect others. Dominick is in fact capable of living independently than he may seem at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income while Eugene is out of study. Eugene must face the fact that he must continue his education in another city and that he must move away from Dominic. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate him from his brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals specifically with domestic abuse and how it can impact individuals, families and then society as a whole. The tribe that escalates between Eugene and Dominic, as Eugene realizes that he must eventually leave Nicky, exploded on their birthday. Eugene laments Dominique and throws him to the wall. At this point, Eugene must face his own fears that he is like his abusive father, the father Dominic had protected from being abused. This event ended the love between two brothers who have since become best friends. Although they needed each other, they both had the necessary independence and ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they have to be divided has become a very real emotional effort. However, by the end of the film, Dominick can say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the confidence that he has begun to create a social network of people who care for him and help him with his independence. When Dominick testifies to the abuse of his friend, he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost completely stops. Then he goes to the ambulance to find out what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy had died, he was confronted with an abusive father who worries about his testimony that he does not see anything, knows nothing and does not say anything, and that if he does, he will kill him. Now that his own life was at stake, he goes and finds a handgun that Larry has killed a rat. He walks after a dead boy and shoots with a gun, kidnapping a child from a suffering family. He runs off the scene and hides in the building. When the police surround him, Eugene goes to the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominic's disability and brings the child back. The violent father then has a weapon of his own threat of killing Dominique, but Eugene stops him, and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw the father throw his son down the stairs. the question of dysfunctional behavior arises. Although the Dominic Institution is understandable for saving the child, we also see how this reaction is detrimental. Dominick gave the life of the child and his own life a serious danger. The greater social consequences of these events are not directly involved, but rather due to the end of the films. In spite of a more optimistic final portrait, it is likely that another sequence of events in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It's a little hard to believe it was totally unusual. Additionally, while Dominick is not accused, there may be stigma against him within the community, not that there was none before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to limit itself. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, who won 5 Academy Awards. While Rainman was a success and helped increase visibility with a person with a disability, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. While Rainman demonstrated that the major American society could learn and care for the "sevanta" if the "sevant" is the heir to a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability could take care of and save the members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may be too strong for 1988. Hopefully, sometimes in society, people will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not as a threat, but as a necessity for the strength of society.
