I'm collecting Horror films from all sides and I've seen good and very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure, acting is bad, the story is basically a mixture of all the zombie films thrown together and the quality is low in some places. There seems to be a lack of the fact that it's still fun and really fun. The effects range from, as somebody here says, zombies with pasty faces that look like KISS, reject really good with some amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with such a name is gore, and this movie is amazing in this area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it a party film, and that's it. 100% funny movie. I've heard from various websites that it's actually a "rough cut" of the movie that got a general release, but the actual "direct cut" comes to DVD and it's very nice quality. I'll buy it and judge it myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power plant bad and makes a zombie. Gov't closes her, hides the story and sanctions the houses that will be built above it. Some plants are still underground, and the undead hit and attack the area. Several actors do a great job, there is some nice social commentary that is credible and true, good music, great lighting, some effective tension and lots of blood and a bad gore. One guy is attacked and torn from bottom to top if you know what I mean. Then his mouth is pulled out of his mouth. Another is torn in half as on the day of the dead, and they have done great work with this effect. There are a million gore gags and it's almost everything. I told them to stop being moody, enjoying life and getting other movies like Zombie Bloodbath and the meat market. Two great undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got a DVD file and here is what I thought: much better image quality and once I was able to see the real DIRECTOR'S CUT movie and it's a much better movie. I liked it earlier, but now I can see what Todd Sheets is really trying to do with this one. And commentary also helps to hear Sheets about the film in more detail, she knows that this is a terrible zombie movie, but it does respect all the people involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn in the movie. The backstage of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie that was made. There are some great interviews and backstage shots, mixed with film news from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, it's a fun little movie that is very rough on the edges, but I still laughed and enjoyed riding! I've seen many DV movies and some video clips, and many of them are pretty boring, but it really was not. While newer DV movies are technically above average, they just do not have so much fun! PS - Did I hear it now transforms into a big budget ???
