Zombie Bloodbath is a zombie fanfare film for zombie fans with true love for Horror. As I understand it from the comments and things I read, it was done during the massive Midwest flood in 1993, when half of Missouri was under water. The buildings were under water. cars and houses were underwater. One article said that the zombies and crew from this movie would help the sandy river after shooting every day. The fact that this film has ever been made is a miracle. It's like a huge mashing of any zombie movie ever made over the Troma filter. It's a party movie that you can enjoy with friends who love a lot of rough and nasty characters. And it's fast and energetic and really fun. Danger of leakage of toxic substances at a nuclear power plant leads to people falling apart or falling apart. The local government covers it, tears the factory, and builds houses over it. Some land changes (?) Cause caves to develop and some new inhabitants find a cave and unleash the undead in the newly built community. From there it's just crazy, cruel and fun. I read these reviews several times. And it seems to me that the same person has attacked this funny little movie three times as another reviewer who used fake names. They use the same words and sentences. Zombie Bloodbath is cheap. It's raw. He has some bad acting. Likewise, half the movies do. There is plenty more than this fun movie. If you hate this movie so much, do not buy it. No personal attacks and crew or Trailer Trash casts are needed. And it is obvious that you are not from Australia or England. It's just disturbing that this great service, IMDb, does not miss the people who use it, just to destroy the others. There are bad reviews and good reviews, and I do not mind. I'm giving myself bad and good reviews. However, it is painfully obvious that a fool just wants to use this forum to personally attack the director of this film. Sad. Some of these "Reviewers" even basically sue their "reviews" just to promote their own movies. One has called this film Boring - well, love it or hate it, one thing you can NEVER say about this movie is that it's boring. It moves fast and never has a tedious place. <br /> <br /> Oh and this reviewer from the Netherlands ??? Um - LIAR. You tried to post this review on Amazon and went there. The same review just said it was from Missouri. <br /> <br /> This nonsense must stop. Love it or hate it - give it a real overview or do nothing. Obviously, you have not seen movies. But for the record, and though this is not nearly the best I've ever seen, it's by far the worst. And even the worst I'd give the real REVOEW and personally would not attack the director. I hope this review will help some people see the stupidity that is going on here.
