I just got my copy of this DVD two sets of disks and when not perfect, I found that the overall experience is a fun way to waste a little bit of time. I have to say right away that I'm a huge fan of zombie movies, and I really think those people who made these films have to be too. I also have a weak place for people who are trying, sometimes against all sorts of problems, to live a dream. And again, these people are doing it. Is it an award-winning collection of amazing film? No, not close. But because of what they do on their modest budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, is the bottom line always, am I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer to both questions was "Yes". The first in the series is also the busiest. It opens up with a crash in a nuclear facility and people melt or something. Cropping a few years later and building a new housing estate on the old site of the reactor. Some children make a video fall into a hole and find that they are trapped at the bottom of the device. They are rescued, but the hole is not sealed and the people from the mouth begin to carve out of the hole. Soon the whole city overtakes the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from the cold rot makeup to the cheapest slap on the white face, but they are fun. The whole movie will culminate in a conflict between the ultimate survivors in the area and the undead, with our heroes entering the lower levels of the reactor to pull out the masses of the mass zombie and seal the hole forever! Pretty cheese, but I think it should be. Yet it moves very fast, it has buckets of scary effects and really is trying to have some style. Efficiency is uneven, but some good performances are hidden and one really should listen to the commentary. I came back and looked at it again with it and found out that it was good information about the experiments and entertainment that the crew and cast experienced in the movie. Director Todd Sheets is very proud of it, his first film, but he also has no illusions. He knows it's a haunted zombie movie, but it shows respect for the people involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn in the movie. The backstage of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie that was made. There are some great interviews and backstage shots, mixed with film news from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Overall, it's a fun little movie that is very rough on the edges, but I still laughed and enjoyed riding! I've seen many DV movies and some video clips, and many of them are pretty boring, but it really was not. While newer DV movies are technically above average, they are not fun! Overall, it is solid if a little wrong, relax with lots of accessories and TONS gore and splatter. While I do not break any big rules of movement, I found a series of fun and I always laughed so I give this file a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to do the award-winning art here, trying, sometimes against all possible chances, to become an amusing budget, terrible horror, and for that purpose he managed to make money.
