So Todd Sheets once said he considered his first feature film of 1993's Z-epic Zombie Bloodbath to be filming. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called the Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue it is. I mean what makes this much better? Well, again, Zombie Rampage does not include the cottage, does it now? <br /> <br /> In order to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath really is considered damned, it is important to remember what was 90 years for lovers of bad horror. For decades, we all farewell to the B and Z cinemas as we know it. Technological advances, unpleasant trends, and the internet would abolish the mysterious spell of the big boxes of the Golden Age of O. And all that remotely resembled the quality of the conceit was too self-conscious that it was good, basically defeated purpose. Fortunately, not everyone is changing with time. Enter the name Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I think that's the part where I explain the same exact assumption of another 500 zombie films over the last 40 years. Well, an accident at a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight and transforms them into mass zombies who start to fury, causing some of the worst but more humorous 90s scenes. The first 20 minutes are filled with the most important conversations you can imagine. Conversations that tell you that it's not just a cheap zombie, it's a Z catastrophe, buddy. lots of hysterical, non-existent gaming, and Mr. Mullet's triple. The guy is really the top of the night. The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be better than Zombie Rampage will amuse me. I mean really, both are full jokes for celluloid, but then again, so is Redneck Zombies, so apparently Todd Sheets is awsomeness. In 1993, this film would have no doubt that it would be a complete explosion, but Mr. Sheets stood on the ground, giving us some good old fashioned lock that he was supposed to be, unconscious, insignificant, and useless. God bless Todd. For anyone looking for the surprisingly useful 90th anniversary of B-Horror, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you're a gorehound bored sometime around 1990, then it would be the right time. 8/10
