There is nothing more to say about this film than about all the comments on the first page, except - as Jesse says - "these are fruits." All commentators on one side wrote eloquently - just like the dialogue in this movie. This can only be one of those illusory things we hear about so much, but usually they're the actors who give the lines: a beautiful screenplay. Perhaps during the filming of this film, Robert Redford kept strictly on the actors / actresses, so the beauty of the story was not lost. I also attended the church when I was very young and into my late teens. The shepherd of the Church spoke very eloquently and silently as he did. Maclean in his church. This in itself represents a totally different picture that is depicted in southern Baptist churches - there is no holy war in my church. It was a great church with many programs to make his choir busy - most inspiring was probably a music department with a huge chorus and almost classical hymns. Even Sunday evening meetings were almost entirely younger people. Do you even realize that it was okay to go to church on Sunday night? How I wish it was! Watching the "River Beyond It" is glad to hear a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As has been so beautifully written, the sermon of this film is the beauty of the universe in Montana - but there are no rockets? Fly-fishing or any other activity that attracts family members closer to a happy life - and mutual deep understanding - becomes a blessing. Even though you can see some of the most touching aspects of life, the simplicity of the story renders your heart a permanent impression if you leave it. Speakingasies and prostitutes are balanced by simple gatherings of old-fashioned community picnics, as this film contains - in heavy contrasts with modern families that take their children to Disney's country for joyriding joyrides and call them a "common day". It's bad, but as she says "River," some of her quiet beauty can do nothing but make life richer. This is the third movie I've seen, in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays father, all different styles and brilliantly acted. Brad Pitt, the most undiscovered talent, except "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black" and all the members have won many awards. Little stories tell me that 10 of the 10 films of violence, bad language, ugliness and "action" will come out of me. I mean, above all, "Crash" and most of the films "Arnold". What is the savior for the peace of this film?
