(There are not too many spoilers, since there is no conspiracy that would be revealed, but I still think I'll describe something that happens ...) That's it. This is the smoothest movie I've ever seen. There are no words describing this movie, although the "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are quite close. the initial half hour or so are really, really strange music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, besides the MJ falls into one of the previous ones. One of the pinnacles of this part of "movie" in a section where MJ is flying a spacecraft aircraft carrier aircraft carrier aircraft airplane aircraft carrier aircraft aircraft carrier aircraft. this is it.) The rest of the hour starts with a "movie", with a lot of clay (some of them are really horrible) as they see our "hero" and chasing him by searching for an autograph. Obviously, it leaves ours, even though little (discounter songs) is a little scared and can temporarily lose. It's happy for him because it means he can be a witness to a falling star, and I'm not doing it again to turn into a rabbit from the clay. He uses this cunning disguise to try to get around them, but for reasons that I can not remember now, he sees it (oh no!) And the scary chase begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). Shortly after the end of the persecution, MJ will somehow bring the rabbit to life until a policeman stops (in the middle of the desert), because it is probably illegal to dance there. The rest of the movie is equally strange, including MJ cleaning the bar to fine-tune the Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not just killing a guy, but his shadow burned into the wall, a nuclear fission weapon. Another good moment is when MJ, when he saw Mr. Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at this time?" Peschi) kidnapped one of the children he was a friend with, creating a magical weapon, and at another moment of violence that this film is seemingly peppery at random, opens fire to everything that moves. The last moment I'm going to mention is when MJ surrounds Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people for him and they're dropped more like a squad troop than a mob, which I think they are. How does it get out? Why it turns into a robot, complete with weapons and a shield. This is the third of the four transformations he makes, almost always when they are in the corner and / or on the run. This film is quite unreal, little in the way of a conspiracy and practically non-continuity.
