Mr. Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, music videos, are simply the best. I do not care if I get a reasonable science fiction from this man, but I'm careful to get a lot of crazy dances, screaming shouts, cool crow choreography, and a few CGI pieces and animations. There should also be several continuous videos. Everything I mentioned is here. Stupid conspiracies and an abnormal "extravagant trade fair" are no problem when I witness Mr. Michael Jackson in action. For me he will always be the highest king of music videos (not the "king of pop", which sounds vulgar, especially for us, the Russians, because "pop" sounds like a Russian word for "donkeys" and MJ is definitely not "king of the donkey"). I can watch again his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I never tired of them. My first impression of this movie was "What is it ...?" (bits of different videos, some cartoon pictures, disquieting jumps from one subject to another, the absence of a coherent line, some babies, etc.) but when I was watching it all the way, I could say it was great and really nothing what would be seen on TV today. What I like is that it never shows any shameful material, and children can easily watch them. <br /> <br /> Without Michael Jackson, the universe of music videos would be rather poor. Even the best classics of other artists can not be very close to the MJ's energetic excitement of musical insanity and artistic quality. He knew how to get audiences of different age groups and knew how to remain a man with moral principles. When I see the correct release of a DVD with Michael Jackson's video, I know it deserves to be bought even though some clips have already appeared in some previous release. "HIStory I", "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are all great, though only "Moonwalker" is more like a single movie (with a solid theme of "Smooth Criminal", a "paparazzi" theme and some strange spoofs). <br /> <br /> Being no fan of MJ, I can still give this "movie ... like no other" solid 9 out of 10 (I was hit "Smooth Criminal" for sure and my main complaints are as follows: initial segments of the movie could be released, while the main "MJ Drug Campaign" should get more "enormous madness and stress" and should of course be more "moonwalking"). Thanks for your attention.
