With all the things that I'm going to do with MJ at the moment, I started listening to his music, watching a special document here, watching The Wiz and watching Moonwalker again. Maybe I just want to get a look at the guy I thought was really great in the eighties to decide whether he was guilty or innocent. Moonwalker is part of a biography, part of a feature film I remember when he first appeared in the cinema when he was originally released. Some of them have subtle reports on MJ's sensitivity to the press, and obvious drug reports are bad m'kay. <br /> <br /> Visually impressive, but of course this is all about Michael Jackson, so if you are not as distant as MJ you will in any case hate this and find it boring. Some may call MJ egoist for permission to make this film, but MJ and most of his fans would say that he did it for fans if the truth is really nice of him. A feature film feature when it's finally started is Smooth Criminal Sequence for only about 20 minutes, and Joe Pesci is convincing as a psychopathic omnipotent drug lord. Why he wants MJ to be so miserable is outside of me. Because MJ heard his plans? Nah, Joe Pesci likes to let people know it's him who supplies drugs, etc. So I do not know maybe he just hates MJ's music. A lot of cool things in this MJ will turn into a car and robot and the entire Speed ​​Demon sequence. The director also had to have the patience of the saint when the filthy dirty sequence was filmed, because directors usually hate working with one child, let alone many perform in a complex dance scene. <br /> <br /> Down, this movie is for people who like MJ on one or the other level (which I think most people are). If not, then stay out. She tries to get a healthy message and ironically MJ is bestest a friend in this movie's a girl! Michael Jackson is really one of the most talented people who ever loved this planet but is guilty? Well, with all the attention I gave to this topic .... hmmm I do not know because people can be behind the closed door, I know that fact. He is either a very nice but stupid guy or one of the deadliest liars. I hope it's not the other one.
