Oh, Moonwalker, I'm a huge fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first music video I've ever seen. Believe it or it was not the time when Michael Jackson was like God's people, the time when women looked at him before he was really faint before seeing his look, I'm sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what had begun to be a tribute to Michael's success at the time when he released his famous Bad album, which was a record one, the first album to have six first tens of singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt, he writes, he sings, he dances, but when it comes to playing or the story directly with his viewer? not so much. <br /> <br /> We're getting started very easily: Jackson's music, life, career, success, and mania that was Michael Jackson's biggest star of the 1980s. Later, Jackson is a 30-year-old gangster who uses his powers as a criminal for child protection. When Jackson was allowed to be near children, we cut him to a playground with his children and their dogs. The dog runs away and, in search of Jackson and the children, reveals Mr. Biga's lair, Frankie Lide, a drug laborer with an army of supporters who want to gain the entire population of the Earth, a drug addict, a child. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and children, but escapes; Jackson tells kids to meet him in club 30, which turned out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story takes place in a mobster attack on Jackson, and it turns out Jackson is actually a magical gangster who draws his strength from the stars. When one passes the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and bites several of Mr Biga's followers. The story goes to kids in club 30 and the kids are afraid first, but when Jackson appears, the scary atmosphere of the club will change and the children will find themselves in the thirties of the last century. The club is now filled with zoo swings and swings. Jackson is participating in a dance-off with other members of the club that serves as a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the peak of the song Mr. Big puts on the club and kidnapes one of the children, Katie. Jackson watches them back to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his followers. Mr. Big looks and mentally tortures Jackson by threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive narcotics. While Katie is able to grab Joe Pesci's glasses and get free of the injection, Mr. Big decides he has enough and orders men to kill Katie before he ends up with Jackson, but not before the Star Star is shot. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all the soldiers of Mr. Big. Yeah, ummm, you want more weird? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is entertaining in the first half of the hour and sees Michael's success and all his hard work really appreciably welcome his fans. Is it usually uplifting his album? Yeah, I love spending the first 25 minutes praising how amazing it is, then we go to his song "Leave Me Alone," which is somewhat hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a little change of events. Then, when we miss the crazy acting, the story was incredibly weak: The villain spells his name aloud while Michael and Katie are spying on him, lol, Michael's transformer at once, the villain is a big monster plan to make kids tall? The villain also has a massive ray to make Marvin, but if there is one new thing that is incredible that the film gives us is a new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfect, it's choreography, it's setup, it's a song, it's a smooth style, Michael always goes above and beyond perfection, and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a child, I'm always looking at the fun, but it's not the best movie at all, it's pretty stupid, but it's good when you're a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
