SAPS AT SEA is probably a game for Gary Cooper, SOULS AT SEA. The title describes who plays the lead role, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who are on the ocean voyage to soothe Ollie's nerves just to get to the escape killer Nick Grainger. As Rapper Cramer played, this criminal is both fun and cool, making him a good foil for guy comic characters. In spite of his strong presence, Cramer never raises the boys, which is a tribute to Stanovi and the charming charisma of Ollie. That's what it should be because boys should be the protagonists of this movie. Such is the charm of Laurel and Hardy's personalities who raise average material. For SAPS AT SEA it has its slow spots. For example, as the previous commentator noted, a little bit where the doctor (beautifully conjured by James Finlayson) is trying to strike a balloon called "lung tester" at Ollie, he misses a blow. The script is very episodic, the first part takes place in the Boys' apartment, almost completely unrelated to the second part, where they set off to the sea. Overall, the film is a very enjoyable fun with a short enough duration, so it does not wear, it's welcome. There is some horror in watching the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach. I have not seen all of Laurel and Hardy's films since 1940, but those I've seen do not even change the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a strange environment, stripped of such colorful supporting players as Finlayson, Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately, and LeRoy Shield is a scary music score. They are also not well-meaningful and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later films there are either exasperating blockades or pathetic failures. It's a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally inaccessible to the public. Even in the subtitle record like SAPS AT SEA, you can see that Laurel and Hardy are great comedians. This is because Hal Roach has largely enabled Stuart Laurel, the team's leading force, full of artistic freedom. When Laurel lost his autonomy in other studies, he lost much of his uniqueness.
