This is my third comment, which attempts to bring together two legendary film comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. This is the date when the first one had his last film from their longtime home studio Hal Roach. I will mention the meaning of later. Apart from the fact that Stan and Ollie last worked in Lot of Fun, it's also the time to show up with such well-known promoters as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who have appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time Art Lloyd will serve as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who has composed their theme songs that would be known as "The Cuckoo Song (Dance Cuckoos)" - their score. And, for the last time, Stan Laurel would have been allowed to exercise complete creative control over what is happening in the movie. If there is more than a normal structure in this L & H movie, it's nice to know that most of the gags are really fun. This includes most of the sound and visual effects that Roach Seawright provides for years. In this Ollie, "hornofobii" has to work in a noisy factory, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes that he will set off on the seaside. Ollie does not want to go on a cruise, so Stan suggests that they are just renting the one who's docked so they do not have to go anywhere. After finding someone they like, we find that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop and say that this is a good final for L & H's long-time home, as one might hope. It's cheerful mainly from start to finish and knowing that it will be their last man, who is partly responsible for their teaming, is really dizzy when you think about it. Oh, and I have a few other remarks: it's the last film appearance of Harry Bernard, who plays the shelter after years when he meets Stan and Ollie as a cop, and Ben Turpin, was born in New Orleans, a few hours away from of my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second L & H look it was formerly "married" boys in our wife. The latter has a particularly comical moment. Well, I mentioned that the year 1940 is the year when Stan and Ollie shot their last Hal Roach movie. It was also the first year when a comedy team, born in New Jersey, made their first film about their home studio, Universal. The director of the film would be the one who led L & H at The Flying Deuces in the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. During this filming, Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving a rolled carpet. The event caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send his roses to his hospital room. She fell in love and married on 7 March 1940. It lasted until the Babe's death in 1957.
