These are BLOCK-HEADS and CHUMP AT OXFORD, two movies that are hard on the top. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (if it does not require JITTERBUGS or another of the later films) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just that it's a deep little movie without the crazy destructive upsurge of BLOCK-HEADS or a stunning look at the "real" personality of the CHUMP AT OXFORD Tribute, which boasts. It's 57 minutes from the other two movies a bit, but it's not really a bad place for that. She has just enough time to get the right notes. It's not as strange as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie are working in a factory that produces corners. I suspect that there is a bit of Chaplin's influence in this order (we recall a similar incident in the MODERN TIME assembly line just four years ago). Ollie's nerves finally grab and he goes on rampage. He will go home and (of course) his roommate Stan will not help - Stan has a musical lesson with an eccentric professor on his instruments (you got it - a trombone). After defeating a bad professor, Ollie has problems with an incompetent gatekeeper / engineer (Ben Turpin in a brief short look) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tester (the balloon that inflates, Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that this is a bad case of "horniphobia," and Ollie needs a vacation with plenty of silent and goat milk. They finally go to the ship, but Ollie and Stan do not know anything about the navy - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat tugs the rope until it collapses and the ship sails. Also unfortunately, aboard Richard Cramer, escaped a dangerous criminal. It will not be a quiet vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS ON THE SEA (like CHUMP) could be three shorts, one in the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat. Each of them would be a successful short film and they all make a fun movie - but it shows the sewing together. In the movie are very funny moments - discovering how Turpin's disparity causes various accidents with tap water and tile furnaces in the apartment; ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks - "You can not miss it - it's on the ground floor!" who realizes what a stupid comment just did); and Cramer's mistreatment of his two hostage slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a narrative of Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal Teams of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's PRIDE ST. LOUIS). Cramer has boys to cook some food - and they make synthetic food (spaghetti cords shoes, for example) to make him sick to be overcome. When they realize what they have done, they make them eat their own. Their reactions are great. SAPS AT SEA is not at the same level as Laurel & Hardy's top series, but it's a good overall film and a good conclusion to the best of their film career years (1927-1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the years to come, boys and Roach had serious problems including production costs (OUR RELATIONS where Stan was a film producer), artistic problems (the SWISS MISS scenes were deleted without meaning), and Ollie's controversial arguments appeared at Harry Langdon in ZENOBI). Stan and Ollie returned with The FLYING DEUCES, where production was not Roach, but Boris Morros. Finally two photos from A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA closed arguments and problems - and the high note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they have never found any other film relationship with the producer as satisfying as it was.
