I enjoyed this film much more than anything else that made me anticipate; from reading other comments, I suspect it is extremely beneficial to see it on a full-screen screen at a cinema, in a company of cheerful and enthusiastic audiences. I was fortunate to have gained this experience, which I gained from laughs of laughter from all sides and had a great time with this undemanding comedy. Because it's like a comedy that shines if it shines anywhere at all. Music is nothing special - in fact, I did not realize that he was a musician and he was very surprised when his ancestors gathered in half-spoken text - but I have to admit that half the threat, half the promise "Oh, what I will do .. . "turned out to be smarter than ever before, as it still happens in the head! <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> As it happened, they are largely turning around the past history of French French, a sixteenth-century portrait that has clearly played an anachronistic hairstyle and a fur coat. Her idea of ​​marriage holiness does not diminish with those of her distant descendant, Countess Angelina, and there is almost a story that knocks on the seams under the force of the Code of Conduct to ensure that the heroine arrives tirelessly in her very late matrimonial bed with the right man ... Romance barely breaks down on the ground and in fact the first scene, they played pretty well straight, stupid to boring. But where the screenplay and the movie really come to life, it's in the battle of the sex that follows. The murder of Douglas Fairbanks Jr for Angela's marriage in Betty Grable is comparable only to the fact that Betty-Grable-as-Francesca is trying to make it a success, which culminates in a complete reversal of roles in a fun fantasy sequence where her legs literally. This is probably the comic's culmination of the plot, though the consequences of Colonel's understandable confusion are handled with remarkable touch in the remaining two "acts" of the operetta structure, and the spectacle of Fairbanks is blissful, confused awakening is more or less worth the cost of receiving on their own. Grable is totally convincing in setting up his two contrasting characters, wisely receives almost all (limited) singing possibilities and shares honors where sensitive dialogues are drawn in different word battles. But in the area of ​​unreported reaction, it is actually overcome by its male supporting conductors; Fairbanks is an absolute treatment in a series of thoughtless sequences whose set-up and humor is worthy of a silent screen. This movie is too unequal in style to be classical, from sparse contempt to the brown body. But at best, it's really frankly fun, bringing the end of spontaneous applause and laughter around the auditorium at the end when the lights come on. Unable to draw contemporary audiences - but this speech really did not deserve to reject both Grable and Preminger, a (uncredited) director. This is not a masterpiece, but a fun little piece of work, and I have settled for myself all the way home.
