This was the first PPV in a new era for WWE such as Hulk Hogan, The Ultimate Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel. A new culture of talent was needed. And it all started with Lex Lager, the former NWA World Heavyweight champion, who had the title shot against Yokozuna. Lex traveled all over the USA on a Lex Express bus to inspire Americans to gather behind him in an attempt to defeat the Japanese monster (which was actually Samoan) and get the WWE championship back into American hands. As such, there was a lot of expectation for this match. But every good PPV needs an undercard and it has some good things. At night Razor Ramon started defeating Ted DiBias in a good match. The story that came to him was that DiBiase chose Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after his strike on a 1-2-3 Kid strike on RAW in July. Ramon, angry, then teamed up with a 1-2-3 Kid team against Money Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster. To resolve their differences, they both got one on one match DiBiase vs. Ramon and Shyster vs The Kid. The Razor was able to settle its side of the deal after it hit the Razor Edge. Next coming, Steiner Brothers introduced the WWE Tag Team Team against the Heavenly Bodies. Removing The Bodies Interference Jim Cornette, who hit Scott Steiner in the neck with a tennis racket, managed to win the win in a decent match. Shawn Michaels and Mr. Perfect have been since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michaels confronted Perfect after his loss to Lex Luger. Perfect then made Michaels Intercontinental Championship when he scattered him in the title match against Marty Janetta. Michaels won the title and returned it to the line against Mr. Perfect, but Michaels now had a strong ally in his corner in his 7-foot bodyguard Diesel. Micheals and Perfect had an excellent match, but it was Diesel, who proved the creator of the differences, pulled Perfect from the ring and threw him into the steel stairs to make Shawn win to count out. <br /> <br /> Irwin R Shyster avenged the loss of his team mate earlier than at night, and it was easy for kids 1-2-3. <br /> <br /> Next came one of the big games at night when Bret Hart was preparing for the battle of Jerry Lawler for the title of the undisputed WWE King. But Lawler went out with crutches, saying he was injured in a car crash that day, and that he had another Hart rival: Doink the Clown. Hart and Doink had a successful match that Hart won with a sniper. Then Lawler jumped from behind. It bought President WWE Jack Tunney to the ring that said to Lawler that he would be banned for life if he did not fight with Haret. Hart then destroyed Lawler, won with a sniper, but Hart refused to let go and the referee decided to turn. So after all, Lawler was named the undisputed king of the WWE. This match followed Ludvig Bord to destroy Marty Janetta in a short game. Undertaker completed a long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman, which began in 1992 when Undertaker defeated Wippleman's Kamala client in Summerslam and continued when Wippleman's last monster Giant Gonzales destroyed Taker at Rumble and then again in Wrestlemania, with a decisive victory over Gonzales. Gonzales then turned on Wippleman and, after a bad match, lit him. It was time for six men to mark action like smoking Gunns (Bart and BIlly) and Tatanka beat The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow with Tatank in Sam. <br /> <br /> This brings us to the main event with Yokozuna, lined by Jim Cornette and Mr. Fuji, putting the WWE title on the line against Lex Luger and it was all aboard Lex Express. Lex came out to attack, but Yokozuna took control. Lex returned when he managed to prevent Banzai from dropping, and then Yokozun's body before he left the circle. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji, because Yokozuna was counted. Luger won a fine match !!!!! Balloons fell from the ceiling. All heroes came out to congratulate him for his victory. Yokozuna may have retained the title, but Luger proved he could be defeated. The only question was who could beat him in the ring and get the title?
